 I bought this book because I read some glowing praise on an online library site . Unfortunately , I was deeply disappointed by page three . I always buy books in the hope and expectation of having an enjoyable read , not to criticise . However , this book is in urgent need of good editing -- though quite possibly editing alone would n't save it . Examples
 This is a self-published book , and if you want to know why -- read a few paragraphs ! Those 5 star reviews must have been written by Ms. Haddon 's family and friends -- or perhaps , by herself ! I ca n't imagine anyone reading the whole thing -- I spent an evening with the book and a friend and we were in hysterics reading bits and pieces of it to one another . It is most definitely bad enough to be entered into some kind of a `` worst book '' contest . I ca n't believe Amazon even sells this kind of thing . Maybe I can offer them my 8th grade term paper on `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' -- a book I am quite sure Ms. Haddon never heard of . Anyway , unless you are in a mood to send a book to someone as a joke -- stay far , far away from this one !
 A complete waste of time . Typographical errors , poor grammar , and a totally pathetic plot add up to absolutely nothing . I 'm embarrassed for this author and very disappointed I actually paid for this book .
 I guess you have to be a romance novel lover for this one , and not a very discerning one . All others beware ! It is absolute drivel . I figured I was in trouble when a typo is prominently featured on the back cover , but the first page of the book removed all doubt . Wait - maybe I 'm missing the point . A quick re-read of the beginning now makes it clear . This has to be an intentional churning of over-heated prose for satiric purposes . Phew , so glad I did n't waste $ 10.95 after all .
 I feel I have to write to keep others from wasting their money . This book seems to have been written by a 7th grader with poor grammatical skills for her age ! As another reviewer points out , there is a misspelling on the cover , and I believe there is at least one per chapter . For example , it was mentioned twice that she had a `` lean '' on her house . I was so distracted by the poor writing and weak plot , that I decided to read with a pencil in hand to mark all of the horrible grammar and spelling . Please do n't waste your money . I too , believe that the good reviews must have been written by the author 's relatives . I will not put much faith in the reviews from now on !
 I purchased this book after reading rave reviews of it included within a review of a really good book I 'd read . Apparently , the author -LRB- or her friends and family -RRB- are placing reviews of good books and encouraging people to buy this book if you liked the one they were reviewing . Great marketing by the author . However , the author should probably stick to marketing and give up the idea of being a writer . This book could have been written by a middle-schooler . It is a self-published , self-edited -LRB- and extremely poorly edited , I might add -RRB- , and self-promoted lame excuse for a novel . My eyes rolled constantly while reading this book . Just when I thought it could n't get worse ... it did . The best part of this book is the short length . There is no substance , no character development , and the plot -LRB- if there actually is one -RRB- is pathetic . I generally trust the reviewers on Amazon . I really feel duped for purchasing this book after reading about it in Amazon 's readers ' reviews . Do n't waste your money . The author should have printed only enough copies for family and friends . The rest of the population should be spared having to read this drivel .
 It has been years since I 've read a romance novel . If this is typical of the genre these days , I will never pick up another one . Not only is the plot contrived and juvenile , the writing shows the lack of skill expected only in a child 's writing . Many of my seventh grade writing students would be embarrassed if this trash was attributed to them . `` The bed squeaked slightly , but her husband was unmoved by the sharp squeaks from the bed as well as the howling noises caused by the wind that were surrounding him . '' Were the squeaks slight or sharp , and were she and her husband sleeping outside that the wind could be howling around him not the house ? This is just one mangled sentence in a book filled with such tripe . If my criticism seems harsh , it 's because I actually paid money for this book . What a waste!I would suggest that Miss Haddon go back to Junior High School and begin a serious course of writing instruction . Perhaps by the time she graduates from college she will have gained an understanding of good sentence construction , proper punctuation , and the value of using adjectives sparingly . And if she reads a great deal along the way , she might also learn how to construct a plausible plot .
 It 's glaringly obvious that all of the glowing reviews have been written by the same person , perhaps the author herself . They all have the same misspellings and poor sentence structure that is featured in the book . Who made Veronica Haddon think she is an author ?
 I ca n't remember the last time I read such a dire book . I howled with laughter all the way through , wondering how much worse it could get - and sure enough , it got worse . If the writing is bad , the plot is ludicrous . A preacher comes to offer condolences the same afternoon that the heroine 's husband is shot dead . Within moments they are having sex . The sex is not sensually treated or beautifully described - no , all they do is stick their tongues down each other 's throats . The preacher goes to tell his paralysed wife . Her bizarre response - wait for it - is to stick her tongue down his throat . No wonder he veers away . The heroine runs off to work in the heart of Liverpool in a rose garden ten miles long -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- . Did I mention she is dying ? But never mind , she 'll make a miraculous recovery . She meets another man - even though , conveniently , he 's dying too , and she 's pregnant by the preacher by now -LRB- and , oh joy , she hears the heartbeat of the fetus at a week ... truly , a miracle -RRB- ! The other man lives in castle and is very rich . Of course . They consumate their affair when she sticks her tongue down his throat . Not to worry , she does n't have to perform this crude tonsil-tickling for long . The preacher turns up again . Everyone in the way drops dead , leaving the coast free for the `` wicked saints '' of the title to romp without blame or shame into the sunset.I could have kicked myself for buying this book ; but I had been fooled by reading a mention of it by a so-called reviewer of The Mermaid Chair -LRB- which is a good book . -RRB- Then I checked all the other reviews done by reviewers of Ms Haddon 's book -LRB- you can click on `` other reviews '' to see what I mean -RRB- and believe I have spotted a scam . The reviewers appear to have chosen the same half dozen best sellers to review -- each on the same day ! - and in each review of these other genuinely good books they mention Wicked Saints in the most glowing terms . This is cynical piggy-back riding on bona fide books , made worse because this is a very badly edited -LRB- and badly written -RRB- self published book . I hope few people will be fooled as I was - and as Amazon has been . Be warned !
 I was excited to find a book ostensibly about Muslim feminism , but this volume did not live up to the expectations.One essay , among other things , describes the veil as potentially liberating . It does n't begin to explain how or why.Another , on Muslim women in Cape Town , claims that Muslim women there are separate but `` more than equal . '' Gee whiz , what a disappointment.I had expected and hoped for at least one Muslim feminist condemnation of gender apartheid . But there is not a single one in the book.I 'm surprised it did n't have an essay extolling the virtues of female genital mutilation . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 I purchased this book based on the other reviews claiming that it `` demystifies '' the Dramatica theory and software . Unfortunately , I found the opposite to be the case.I 've made numerous attempts to get my head around the principles of the Dramatica theory , with the intention of finally being able to put to use the rather pricey Dramatica Pro software I bought years ago . Both the software itself , and the book of theory explaining it -LRB- `` Dramatica
 Firstly , I enjoyed the format and tone of the book -LRB- how the author addressed the reader -RRB- . However , I did not feel that she imparted any insider secrets that the book promised to reveal . If you are just starting to research law school , and do not know all the requirements of admission , then this book may be a tremendous help . If you have done your homework and are looking for an edge when it comes to admissions , I recommend some more topic-specific books . For example , books on how to write your personal statment , books geared specifically towards LSAT preparation -LRB- Powerscore books were the most helpful for me -RRB- , and there are some websites with great advice geared towards aiding the individuals whom you are asking to write letters of recommendation . Yet , for those new to the entire affair , this book can definitely clarify the requirements for you .
 If you have even casually looked into applying to law school , have already read everything there is in this book , do not waste your money , seriously !!
 As a former Alaskan , I did n't want to have to do this . But after repeatedly attempting Allman 's recipes and having to throw out 8-10 cups of flour and miscellaneous ingredients nearly every time -- and then comparing to Ed Wood 's recipes which work flawlessly , and Lisa Rayner 's very excellent Wild Bread
 It 's quaint , I 'll give it that . The handwritten style and illustrations are reminiscent of , perhaps , an early scratch draft of `` The Moosewood '' done with a sharpie instead of a nib and ink . But the recipes for bread are poorly assembled.Any bread maker knows how the proportionality of ingredients is key for bread . I 've tried two of the four bread recipes so far and neither have performed well . One recipe calls for 8 to 10 cups of flour , which I halved , and so attempted 4 to 5 cups . At 3 cups , my dough was full . Okay , yes , great variety of atmospheres and starter consistency , yes , but the next recipe was like that too . And my sponge has not raised a mm in 24 hours . Perhaps it 's too cold in my kitchen ? Nevertheless , do n't expect this book to even hint at how long a rise will take.And what kind of sourdough calls for baking soda or commercial yeast ? The kinds in this book!I 'm not claiming to be an expert on bread , but I 've made two loaves a week for 2 years now , with a lot of success with other cookbooks -LRB- America 's Bread Book , The Bread Book , My Bread -RRB- ; I think this one is lame . I 'm glad it 's my housemate 's and that I did n't pay for it .
 This book in my opinion is biased and takes an angle of Europe that is `` clean and proper '' and fails to shed light on the rest of it . I can understand that these are `` tourist guides '' and why would anyone want to tour a country forgotten by time . However , I am a very disappointed Romanian with this book and would never use it as my reference . I have seen travel guides outlining Europe exclude Romania before , but with the precision and detail of DK 's series , I was left yet again in disappointment .
 I bought both this and lonely planet and have used lonely planet more because this book is full of pictures but does n't give you all the info you need . Also , I ended up buying each indiv city guide as well because this one only scratches the surface !
 The text is the same as ever -LRB- I think -RRB- , but the plates are markedly inferior to all previous editions . Had I known this ahead of time , I would not have purchased this volume .
 The topic explored by the author is the practice of forgery in late Antiquity to substantiate a religious cult 's legitimacy . As a revised version of the author 's doctoral thesis and his first book , it has page after page of unnecessary excerpts whose sole purpose seems to be to let the reader know that the author really has passed his language proficiency exams . These are then followed an apology trying to explain why they really were worth quoting . It is a very boring read . Besides these stylistic annoyances , the entire structure of the book takes the form of a survey of various instances of pseudepigrapha ... which are then dutifully stretched back to the initial lackluster thesis . There are no fantastic insights in this book . Unless you are doing a specialization in this field , I would not recommend buying this book . There are many better books in the study of religion to be savored . If you must have it for a specialization , I would recommend finding it at a university library ... though it may have a limited availability since it is only a revamped standard doctoral thesis that is not widely applicable in many areas of study .
 First , this text is not the source of the interrelation between Mediterranean Sea cultures . Every book on Hellenistic kingdoms or the Roman Empire presupposes -LRB- or should -RRB- interrelation of cultures because those political boundaries encompassed a variety of cultures . -LRB- A `` specialist '' should know this . -RRB- This text is just what it says
 The narrative style of this work by famous founders ' biographer John Morse is arrogant , flippant and frequently exaggerated . It carries the tone of the amateur Yankee historian on high , passing judgment on this Southern statesman who was neither from Boston nor a Harvard graduate . Perhaps considered penetrating for its day , it really represents nothing more than opinion today . The research is so thin that one must conclude that Morse wrote the entire manuscript essentially from memory , with little reference to the primary and secondary sources we expect of historians now . If it were n't for the fact that Morse wrote this piece 110 years ago , I 'd have rated it only one star .
 This book drew air pretty bad . I have no idea why someone would waste their time writing it . Boy did it draw air . Do not read this book .
 The book was wriiten very horribly . I would never in my life recommend such a book . The stories lacked any mystery to them and did not leave me wanting to figure out who the culprit was . The only good thing was that none of the stories took up ten or twelve pages .
 I remember getting this book so faintly that that says alot about my opinion of it . Basically , while I will entertain lots of odd ideas and theories , this book was basically silly .
 Tess Lindsay is content to be the sole occupant of a remote island but when Colin Macpherson washes ashore her life of solitude gets shaken up . Tess had always been told to fear strange men but she reluctantly strikes up a friendship with Colin . Soon Tess discovers that she has a family she had forgotten about but will she have the courage to leave the island and start a new life?The beginning of this book is very amusing and the end is decent too but the middle is a big problem . The plot loses much of it 's believability mostly due to the poor characterization . All of the new characters that are introduced are one sided and their behavior lacks reason . Even Tess and Colin 's development is side tracked in much the same way and their relationship seems awkward and forced . The writing does improve towards the end but it 's not enough to save the book . Unless you have your heart set on reading all of the books in the series , skip this one .
 I agree , the CDs are a much needed help , since it would be impossible to pronnounce the Yoruba tones without the help of a native speaker . However , the design of the book is really poor and confusing . I have found several spealling mistakes in English and Yoruba . And the grammar explanations are very hard to understand.Unfortunately there are not many Teach Yourself Yoruba books that are worth it . This one at least provides basic vocabulary and pronounciation skills .
 this book is a great over view of the joints used in building but has no information on beam spans or loads to actually build a building
 This book vaguely breezed across history and went into various types of timber structures . The mortise and tenon joints that were illustrated were fascinating but not practical for a home builder .
 Yet another example of an superb book done a serious disservice by e-book publishers.Multiple spelling errors , improperly placed figures & captions , whole sections of the book written in CAPS for some reason.If you are looking for an excellent reference on traditional timber framing , look no further , but please pick up the print version instead of the e-book .
 Although I was excited to purchase this book , my excitement did n't last when I looked at the sketches / pictures in the book . I call them pictures because that is what they truly are , not actual patterns . Norma Gregory 's talent shows up well in her designs but due to their complicated rendering they are very difficult to transfer.This book is not for beginners - but more seasoned artisans.If you are looking for patterns , like I was , you will be disappointed in this book .
 I 've read this book with much expectation , it was very boring all through out the book
 This book reached its `` sell before '' date about 25 years ago . Better books have been written , but have n't been hyped so thoroughly , so it keeps getting reprinted.The `` open marriage '' concept has -- REPEAT AFTER ME -- absolutely nothing to do with sexual nonmonogamy . Rather , the authors examine the problem of what another author has called `` the couple front , '' where couples feel they must act as if they 're surgically joined , & end up feeling confined & eventually hating each other.If you are NOT interested in nonmonogamy , then read ANY book by Harville Hendrix & you 'll find thoughts that are much more practical.If you ARE interested in nonmonogamy -LRB- group marriage , polyamory , etc. -RRB- , then start with Intimate Friendships -LRB- Ramey -RRB- , Polyamory -LRB- Ravenscroft -- whoops , that 's me -RRB- , Polyamory -LRB- Anapol -RRB- , Honest Sex -LRB- Roy & Roy -RRB- , or Group Marriage -LRB- Constantine & Constantine -RRB- ... or even The New Faithful -LRB- Nearing -RRB- , or Three in Love -LRB- Foster -RRB- . I usually see ten copies of this book at any thrift store . That 's somehow fitting .
 I heard about this book , so I wanted to read it to see if it was as funny and stupid -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- as I heard.I was not disappointed . Few things in life are free , and sex is defintely not among them.The perfect coda to this book is that the couple got divroced several years after publishing this book . You ca n't make this stuff up .
 This book never really seems to get going . There is too much time spent in the courtroom while basic questions about the crime and the suspect/defendant are left unasked.After 200 pages , I realized that this book was n't going to pick up or reveal any crucial information to make sense out of things until the very end.As a result , the whole story rapped up very quickly in an unbelievable way and you are left wondering why no one could figure anything out earlier . Based on the ending , the detectives and attorneys appear rather incompetent.I did enjoy parts of the book , however , and I think the plot needs to be unfolded at a different rate -LRB- not so slow in the beginning and not so fast at the end -RRB- . I am a McBain fan and think that some of his other books are better written .
 Early on in this story reader is informed that main character has a split personality . 3 girls are murdered and buried in back yard of Mary Barton , protagonist . Mary B. is sweet and loves her garden . Her other half is wicked to the max . The novel starts with her cussing like a sailor , wholly unlike sweet Mary B . The incredibly stupid atty. does n't infer anything about the seeming two Mary 's . Mary B. charged with murder that she obviously committed . Most of book contains court scenes that are well-written but are merely banal and static , the story stops . After conviction inevitable knife attack on atty by bad Mary , who we now learn is a twin of good Mary ; at least that 's the way the book reads . Within the reality of the book this is impossible and nonsense . But the reader is supposed to believe that good Mary has an evil twin who did the killings ... I read the ending of the novel several times to see if it was communicating to the reader that the bad Mary was just the evil side of Mary B. , i.e. she has a split personality . But , no , the book is saying that there are two Maries ... not one with a good and bad side . If you want to read a lot of fairly interesting courtroom questioning by prosecutor and def . atty , most of the book is irrelevantly devoted to this , so read it and enjoy an O.J. moment . Perhaps the worst mystery/suspense novel I have ever read . This is my fourth and last McBain novel . HIs stories read at supersonic speed and purposefully divert the reader from thinking about the plot , characters , conflict , etc. . Recommended solely for no-depth crowd of mystery readers -LRB- 90 % of readers are in this category ; hence , the popularity ofjames patterson , Sue Grafton , Kellerman 's , and many more ; can anyone actually read Elizabeth George 's prose and not become constipated and nauseous -RRB- . Also , irrelevant romance between Mary 's defense atty and female prosecutor . Added nothing to story , except perhaps to be a lame red herring that the femme fatale might have something to do with the murders .
 I got this book about 3 years ago , and I was really excited , because I got it for Christmas . Little did I realise I was actually getting a narative about a woman who says she can telepathically communicate with animals.Now , do n't get me wrong . I have done research into the telepathic Animal Communication , even as a freshman in college right now I have done more research into it . And even though there seems to be something , I have yet to see a bonified scientific study followed by a scientific peer reviewed paper on these experiences people have . And even as a person going into a minor Psychology I know that Psychological and behavioral studies are very difficult , becuase of the amazing amount of variables that are caused by the extremely complex brain , alone . But even I can not take much of this at face value.I believe her , I do n't think she is lying . I question the validity of the actual communication . Is she really linking mentally to this orca , or is this her not fully understanding the duality that many people fall into , and is she thinking that is J2 -LRB- or Granny we call her -RRB- talking to her?I really want to give her credit and I really wanted to believe her , but I ca n't . She did n't give me much to really grab onto as a convincing argument for her so called abilities . And she is not the first animal communicator I have done a little research on . There was one woman mentioned in `` Freeing Keiko '' who said that whales and dolphins were essentially extraterrestrial beings that were guiding the earth through space . Another woman said that Greyhound dogs were also extraterrestrial beings.Just the simple fact that there is glaring inconstancies between different animal communicators should be enough evidence that there really is n't too much , if anything , to Telepathic Animal Communication.It was an entertianing book , I rather enjoyed it . But I am a sceptic . And being a sceptic I would be completely honest about my position . If something really seems to make sense , I will say it does . But this book did n't . And saying that , I would not be talking about this book to my friends or family . If it does turn up in conversation , it will most likely be during our psuedopyschological studies . That is unless someone can show me a real study that is so sound as to prove me wrong . To which , if it did prove me wrong I would say so .
 While I believe in discrimination , I certainly ca n't believe what is in this book . It is an unsubstantiated smear campaign to rally the troups in higher ed to claw again for the preservation of academic freedom - a rally which falls flat .
 Molly Myers , in her review of `` My Name is Rachel Corrie , '' describes the ISM as `` an organization dedicated to non-violence . '' This is radical left-wing propaganda
 Most of the authors of this book say , in effect , that they are accused of being anti-American . By right-wing fanatics ! But that in fact , they are merely stating unpopular views , and are in fact simply being honest.Unfortunately , the truth is that these folks are totally dishonest . And , in some cases , they are unpatriotic as well . On top of that , some of them unequivocally support right-wing Islamic fanaticism . What they frequently appear to want is not academic freedom but the right to engage in academic dishonesty , often in a misguided attempt to hurt a few Jews.We start with a spectacularly dishonest article by Beshara Doumani . He moans that `` pro-Israel lobbying groups '' and others are `` policing what can be said about Israel on campus and in public discourse . '' Obviously , anyone who has been on a few major American campuses can see that the anti-Israeli folks have been far more effective at doing just this . He says that Lawrence Summers `` effectively equated criticism of Israel 's policies with anti-Semitism . '' That 's a lie . He then defends the infamous anti-Israeli professors at Columbia University , who in real life substitute racist propaganda for scholarship in the classroom . And he dismisses criticism of this attack on academic standards as the work of right-wing groups , pro-Israeli groups , and donors . Even if some criticism of all this dishonesty were from such groups , that would not invalidate it ! He tells us to speak and act before it is too late . I suggest we all do just that , and speak out against him.There are a couple of interesting discussions about the extent to which a professor 's `` extracurricular '' work should be protected . My feeling is that it should be . Noam Chomsky is used as an example . I happen to think that Chomsky ought to have a right to tell outright lies as part of his extracurricular activities as long as he does not commit any felonies . Others feel differently about this , and still others feel that even outright academic dishonesty in one 's professional work ought to be okay -LRB- something I disagree with completely -RRB- . By the way , speaking of felonies , we do see a reference that Sami al-Arian was `` disciplined for a statement concerning terrorism . '' But no mention is made of the enormous amount of evidence that al-Arian had long been a terrorist leader . In fact , that evidence finally got al-Arian fired . Are we now supposed to excuse felons , dismissing their crimes under the mantle of academic freedom ? I hope not.Judith Butler repeats the slander that `` any criticism of Israel '' is called anti-Semitic by quite a few folks . And she complains about criticism of the notorious International Solidarity Movement . If she wants to make a case for something , I think she ought to be far more honest . Kathleen Frydl attacks the idea of withholding funding from universities if their expenditures promote `` violence , terrorism , or the destruction of any state . '' Now , maybe the wording of such an idea needs some work . But I think it is completely proper to try to stop universities from spending taxpayer money on pro-terrorist propaganda.Amy Newhall is worried about the United States attaching strings to some language programs . But I think she 's the problem here . There are programs that the United States government supports to teach , for example , Arabic in universities . The government does so in the hopes that at least a few students in such programs will use their knowledge of the language to work for the government . If the university encourages them not to do so and we wind up without any benefit from those programs , I think there is no reason to continue them
 Four pages of the book was missing . It just happened to be the formulas that my husband needed . Fortunately he was able to copy our friends book . But I will hesitate to buy another book like this again .
 This book is probably , in my opinion , one of -LRB- if not THE -RRB- worst in the Night World Series . It is Ash 's story this time , who 's soulmate just happens to be a human . -LRB- which Ironically was shadowed upon in the first book , ` Secret Vampire ' . -RRB- Ash 's character was cool , charismatic ... and totally wasted in this book . Mary Lynnette was too self riteous , too ... I do n't know . To me , she did n't come off as the strong female lead she was supposed to . Instead , I found myself annoyed at her several times throughout the book . She was presumptuous , she was always assuming things , and she was rather stereotypic if you ask me . I think someone like Maggy from ` Black Dawn ' , or even someone like Hanna or Gillian from ` Soulmate ' and ` Dark Angel ' would have been a better match for Ash , not this smart alec , holier than thou woman named Mary Lynnette.The book itself was lacking as well . We pretty much learn nothing about the nightworld , it does n't much progress the series except to mention a few characters that appear in future books . All in all , a disappointment . Ash 's first appearance in ` Secret Vampire ' stole the show , so when this book was released , I was ecstatic . ` Finally ' , I thought . ` Something that touches on Ash 's past and personality . We will finally get to read his story . ' Well , as it turned out , he was poorly underwritten . Or perhaps this particular book would have worked better if it had been a little later in the series , if Mary Lynnette was n't so sharp tongued , if there were n't so many CHARACTERS to concentrate on . This was n't so much Ash and M.L 's story as it was all the sisters . Too many people to concentrate on . The three sisters should have been given their own book for character developement if that was the case . I would suggest this book only to those who wish to further their Night World series collection , or just their L.J Smith collection , in general . As for the enjoyment factor ? ... Nadda .
 Night World # 2
 I bought this book because I am a nonogram -LRB- also called Paint By Number -RRB- addict , and ca n't get enough of this type of puzzle . My disappointment is not so much with the quality of the puzzles within it but with the quality of the publishing . The paper is poor quality ; it wo n't hold up under much erasing if you use pencil , and if you use gel pens , the ink bleeds through to the other side . The squares to color in are too large , making the finished image very pixillated and hard to make out . Also , the guide numbers are located at the right and bottom edges of the puzzle , instead of left and top , making it more difficult for a right-handed person to see while solving.Save your money , and buy the Games Magazine publication instead .
 I really enjoy doing the type of puzzles in this book , but I 've come to realize that having them in a large-format book with wire binding is an absolute necessity . All the Non Ishida Sunday Telegraph books are printed in mass-market paperback form on cheap pulp paper -LRB- which easily rips if you use mechanical pencils like I do -RRB- . The book is also very small -LRB- only 7 inches tall and 4 1/2 inches wide -RRB- and is bound like a regular paperback , so it 's hard to keep open while you 're trying to complete the puzzles . The other major problem with this series is that many of the puzzles are large , so that in order to fit them in the book , the publishers have broken up the grid to fit half on one page and half on the other ! I get so frustrated , I want to cut the puzzles out the book and tape them to another sheet of paper before I do them.I 'd suggest Mind-Sharpening Pixel Puzzles and Perplexing Pixel Puzzles , both by Peter Gordon , or Games Magazine Presents Paint by Numbers instead of these books , because of their large format and quality paper .
 Unless you are under obligation to read this for some sort of class , I would not recomend wasting yout time trying to wade through the quagmire of redundantly long , boring text . If I could pay attention to it for more than two sentences at a time , most likely I would find it to have a wealth of information ; but it 's dry , overly-intellecual style makes it impossible to stay interested . If you 're looking for a challenge to read , you face two ; deciphering the nealry 300 pages of rediculously long sentences , and staying awake . I even go so far as to say reading it is a complete waste of time , because the energy you must invest to understand this work ' coupled witht the frustration of an endlessly boring stlye does not even compared to the information you will actually get out of it .
 Unless you are under obligation to read this for some sort of class , I would not recomend wasting yout time trying to wade through the quagmire of redundantly long , boring text . If I could pay attention to it for more than two sentences at a time , most likely I would find it to have a wealth of information ; but it 's dry , overly-intellecual style makes it impossible to stay interested . If you 're looking for a challenge to read , you face two ; deciphering the nealry 300 pages of rediculously long sentences , and staying awake . I even go so far as to say reading it is a complete waste of time , because the energy you must invest to understand this work ' coupled witht the frustration of an endlessly boring stlye does not even compared to the information you will actually get out of it .
 To read this book you need to be fully awake and have full concentration . This is not the type of book to bring to the beach . Though Richard Hofstadter makes a convincing case of what colonial times were like and he obviously was a scholar , he writes very monotonously . if not thouroughly interested in american history at 1750 i would not recommend this book . otherwise , if you are a history-fanatic , this book gives a wide range of perspectives and fully covers the history of the time .
 Unfortunately I only read the introduction to this book before buying , and it sounded like it was exactly what I was looking for
 Although the images are very well rendered , they arefrightening . I am baffled about the impression this book is supposedto leave on children . This book may be picked up on the thought that it is a retold fairy tale , when it is an abstract and grim retelling of the horrors of WWII in Berlin . The most horrifying image is that of Major Kreig 's big black gloves enveloping the body of the little boy . This book is NOT appropriate for younger readers . I can see how this book might be valuable for an alternative look at the war for middle schoolers or higher .
 I bought this book to read as I myself ventured the streets of Italy ... and to my dismay , the book was horrible . I searched everywhere for the book here in the states , and it was sold out everywhere ... and to be honest , I am not sure why ! All of the characters were not very well depicted , except for Laura . The description of Rome and the other cities the book took place in where not vivid . And the plot very predictible . The addition of the mafia in the story could have also been completely taken out ... there was no need for it in the book ! I just ca n't seem to think of anything really good to say about this book ... maybe the recepies at the end are good to cook ?
 This is one of the worst written books I have ever read.I wish I had saved my money and my time.The book is full of superlatives . Everything is `` the best ever experienced '' again and again.The characters NEVER become embraceable . One male character is pathetic while the other is a jerk . The female lead is portrayed as perhaps innocently unaware , but is really just stupid . Her friend is promiscuous , which is all we ever really get to know of her.The writing is at a level well below that of an adult reader . But , the content could not possibly be meant for a younger reader . Very inappropriate.Not sure who would really like this book.Maybe someone who really likes descriptions of food and does not care about plot , story development , characterization or any other facets of literature.Find yourself something with a little more substance , and I think you 'll be much happier .
 Unlike the other reviewers , I was disappointed with this book . The author 's passion is clearly food -- his writing is at its most vibrant and vivid when he 's describing the cooking scenes , or Bruno 's hunts at the market for the food he uses to prepare the next meal for Laura ... I could almost see/hear/smell the street markets as I read the scenes.Alas , I did not get the same sense about the characters in this book ; all seemed wooden -- even cartoonish . Laura , especially . The final meeting between Bruno and Laura came across as too contrived and unbelievable.I also agree with another reviewer , in that I did n't see where the Mafia plot was necessary . In fact , it detracted . As did the whole thing with the chef Alain.Finally , I thought the author overdid it with his numerous Italian swear words and curses . Especially in the beginning of he book , it was almost as though he trotted out every one that he knew just because he knew it . Cussing is like hot sauce -- a little goes a long way .
 A clich&eacute;d storyline based on the classic Cyrano de Bergerac , this book reads like a rookie novel written by someone who has a knowledge and passion for Italian culture and cuisine , but little experience in developing a story . I can understand Bruno and his passion for cooking , but have no clue as to his passion for Laura . It seems to be primarily based on her being a blonde American . How exotic . Her character is so underdeveloped - we know she 's studying art history , and she enjoys Bruno 's cooking with a passion . That 's about it . And Tomasso , he 's just the clich&eacute; for any over-sexed Mediterranean male who encounters foreign females.It 's a light and entertaining read if you can get beyond all of the reasons you should put it down and walk away . That being said , I will , however , check out this author 's more recent novels . He does seem to have a way with technical details , hopefully his storytelling has caught up .
 This book as all about the joy of eating and cooking and love.It 's a lot better when it deals with food than with love . In fact , food is not only a metaphor for love and love-making but seems a more than adequate substitute . People have virtual orgasms cooking and eating but the sex is pallid and occasionally positively unappetizing.I can see why this book has been successful but to appreciate it one has to overlook the thin characters and absurd plot , openly cribbed from Cyrano de Bergerac . The most enjoyable parts are the opening chapters . After that , the returns swiftly diminish.Still , for a plane ride , one could do worse I suppose .
 Generally speaking a great book if you are not familiar with management accounting and turning heaps of information into valuable reports for your top management group . No doubt about it
 Generally speaking a great book if you are not familiar with management accounting and turning heaps of information into valuable reports for your top management group . No doubt about it
 I was looking forward to receiving this book , as I was going to New Orleans to Antoine 's restaurant . I read the book at least thirty years ago and wanted my own copy . This book came without a dust jacket and was so musty that I could not read it without my eyes watering . I sent it back , at my own expense , and to date , I have not had a refund .
 There are numerous problems with this book as an HTML `` reference . `` First , an irritation for anyone using this book as a practical reference to look up tag details is that looking up tags is needlessly inefficient . They 're supposedly all in the 250-page Appendix A , but to find one you have to go to the Appendix A section in the table of contents at the beginning of this bulky 1100-page tome , look up the page # listed there , then go to that page . The obvious alternative would be phonebook-style page headers showing the first tag name on each page so readers could locate a tag of interest directly . Why would n't a tech book publisher have this figured out?The cover says `` up-to-date for latest versions '' of Netscape and IE without specifying dates or version # 's . The printing date is hidden in the ISBN code . I find this practice questionable.Although pages 7 and 682 say all documents should begin with < ! DOCTYPE > , this tag does not seem to be fully described anywhere . The syntax suggested on p. 682 -LRB- with a single pair of quotes -RRB- conflicts with the HTML 4 examples on p. 60 . The book cover trumpets `` comprehensive '' coverage of HTML 4 as well as
 Well although i found the book to be extremely informative and I learned a great deal from it , I was very disapointed that I could not get a lot of the examples to work for me . I am not talking about the images but the actual pages did not come up the way the way the book depicts them if you type them in exactly the way it is printed . I had to tweek them a bit to make them work correctly . I fell that I am going to have to go elsewhere to find the right type of book for me . Other than that the book did have a lot of information to give and will keep it as a reference as the book 's title plainly details .
 The idea behind God was in this Place and I , i did not know it is excellent . Take the famous line from Jacob at Beth-el , and see how it has been interpreted throughout the ages by various Jewish worthies . In the process , have them talk to Jacob in a kind of free form midrash , unshackled by time . And since the writer is Rabbi Lawrence Kushner , add a bit a personal reflection and home grown stories.All the elements are here , but the book never gets off the ground . In juggling so many elements in so short a space , Kushner gets lost , and the book lacks a real sense of forward momentum or thrust . This would have been a good idea for two , maybe even three books . Kushner would have then allowed himself the luxury of exploring some of the very good themes he has laid down here and not fully explored .
 We few , we lucky few , who must endure the Praxis II Practices of Learning & Teaching Test will find no guide here.There is a brief discussion of the structure of the test , and some sample questions , yes , but the content of the test is not discussed at all outside the sample question . I would have loved to see a literature or concept review , such as is found in almost every other test guide on the planet.Also , it seems the PRAXIS II went from a five-response to a four-response test at some point , and the authors responded by chopping answer E off all the sample questions , without checking whether or not that was the correct answer . In other words , they revised the questions , but did not revise the answers . Most frustrating.In all , I found this book a sorry excuse for a test guide , and recommend it for nothing except mulching , or perhaps kindling .
 I grew up with the Litter Critter books and they always have been some of my favorite children 's books . I recently got this one for my son , and I do n't care for this story much at all.First off , its about mom and dad going away on a trip . However they only address that issue once , and that 's on the first page when mom and dad leave and it says that grandma and grandpa are watching them . They wave goodbye.Then all the rest of it is just Little Critter messing things up or having suggestions that are n't great -LRB- such as sucking up the curtain vacuuming , knocking over a vase dusting , spilling the paint , using too much toothpaste or dish soap , wanting to buy all junk food at the store , etc. -RRB- It really feels like this is so similliar or much more suited to the Little Critter I Just Forgot book or Little Critter Visiting Grandma and Grandpa . It has very little to do with getting your child ready to be away from mom and dad should they be going on a short trip so the book fails in what it appears to be trying to do based on the title . Most other Little Critter books do a great job of telling a story that covers some kind of kid issue or fear , this one just does n't address the issue of the title and is dissapointing .
 My children and I love the little Critter books . This is a great book , but it was not bound well . The book fell out of the cover within a few days of recieving it .
 the reason i gave two stars when I usually give 5 stars for ms. feehan 's books is b/c this book was tooooooo mystery/gothic genre rather than romance . I really did n't feel like the two main characters were in love , in fact the entire book was almost entirely from the heroine 's point of view and I was getting sick of her whining and her point of view . unlike the `` dark '' series , you really didnt feel any passion . the book is better suited for the mystery/gothic genre and NOT romance.even the mystery was not that good ! its only in the last chapter that for some unforseen reason the villain confesses all in less than three pages . throughout the entire book , you 're kept in suspense of who was the bad guy , if you wanted to know who it was look at the last couple of pages ... Ms. Feehan , if your reading , please focuse more on the main characters relation to each other rather then distract us with so much unamusing mystery !
 Before I begin , let me just say that I absolutely love her Dark series . Those books are great . This one had potential , but it just fell flat . Her characters simply were n't developed enough this time for me to relate to them . This effort was decent but not at all up to her usual standards .
 This book was a major disappointment . It was missing that special spark that made Ms Feehan 's other novels -LRB- especially Dark Desire -RRB- something special . I found the book had very little action , little romance , and a `` mystery '' plot that was never very mysterious or suspenseful . This is definitely not a book that I will pass on to my friends and family to read .
 This book had great potential that it did not live up to . I hope she goes back to writing more `` Dark Series '' books . This book needed more action and more editing - it was way too long for the amount of plot it had . : - -LRB-
 I absolutely could n't stand this book!I 'm not understanding how it 's sexy for a woman to give up her friends and life for a guy who wishes to control her completely . The Don was a jerk . Nicoletta is an awesome heroine in the beginning , but turns into a submissive wifey thing by the end . It 's a sad thing when a woman , to paraphrase an actually part of Nicoletta 's thoughts , `` leaves her old life behind because he 'll never like it , and because she just HAS to '' . Eeeeew.I loved the Dark series , and constantly used to stalk the bookstore waiting for the next one . This one was the beginning of the end of my love for Ms. Feehan 's work . I bought it to tide me over from one Dark book to the next , and it made me so angry that I wrote the author and got into a big argument over the book!Please , please , please ... read something in the Dark series , or Emma Holly 's Upyr series . You 'll be a lot happier .
 i was really disappointed with this book . The other ones that she has wrote were very good but this one was dull . it was as if she rushed to put a new book out and did n't take the time to make it interesting . i would still read other books that she writes but i would n't read this one again .
 I first found Christine Feehan 's work through ` Dark Prince ' . It was an excellent read and has had me hooked on the whole series ! I thought this book would be the same - not even close . The Scarlatti Curse is humdrum . Before I reached halfway I really did n't care about the characters . The secondary characters were underdeveloped and the main characters were two dimensional . I also did not get a feeling for the period or the place . In short it seemed like a short story plot that was enlarged to take advantage of her success with the Carpathian series . Please Christine do n't write any more like this .
 I have loved all of Christine Feehans `` Dark '' novels . I was looking forward to the Scarleti novel as well . I was suprised at her change of writting style . I kept thinking I was reading a Ann Rice wanta be . The characters are now well drawn , Nicolette is weak , scared and is not consitant with her personality . We do not get to know what makes Giovanni `` tick '' he is not well drawn and what motivates him . Feehan spent so much time trying to make the castle a dark scarry place that it was overkill . Nicolette the villiage healer is picked as the bride for the local and powerful Don Giovanni , who is cursed , after she heals his neice . He persues her and seems to speak to her with special powers that scare her , even though she has her own special healing powers . Nicolette goes from being a superstitious weak scardy cat , to not caring at all and doing as she pleases . Giovanni pushes the wedding ahead , not wanting to wait to take her . He goes from extremely controlling to being very caring and gentle . Giovanni does not care that he takes her from what she loves , or what is important to Nicolette as long as she does what he tells her to do . Nicolette finally figures out that the family `` curse '' for the Scarlettis is from a family member and frees Giovanni from the curse . I do not recommend the book , it was a disappointment to me . The writter spent to much time using words to describe the landscape and the buildings and the rooms and I do n't remember what all else , and she did not develope her characters .
 First , let me say , I 'd heard that I might find the Dark Series of Christine Feehan 's my cup of tea and for some unknown reason , thought this was one in the series - no need to tell you , I was severely disappointed -LRB- and confused -RRB- . This book really reminded me of the romances my Mother used to read back in the 70 's - blech ! Lots of dark male broodiness , all written from the heroines point of view , and of course she 's a young innocent virgin . _____________ edited to add
 I have read all of the Carpathian novels to date , except one . I very much enjoyed them at first , but nothing EVER gets resolved . You would think that after 16 books something would have been resolved and a new obstacle introduced . As for this book , it is an off-shoot of another Carpathian novel about the Jaguar Line . I was hoping to find out more about this curse , the origins and why the males kill the females . Nothing , not a word about the Jaguar curse . And why do the walls and ceilings change ? Ideas introduced and left at that . Ms. Feehan went , once again , off on a tagent . Her books become less and less meaty and more and more expensive . I will NOT be buying any further books by this author . What a shame .
 The Premise for this book follows the old gothic format . Heroine goes into spooky house - falls for tortured hero - danger lurks around every corner . I used to love this type of romance , but this one was extremely annoying ! The plot was good , the hero and heroine were a good match , but I could not get past all the breaks in the sentences to inclue a couple of Italian words . It seemed that Ms. Feehan tried too hard to add that touch of Italian to every other sentence by putting in the two Italian words for my bother , my mother , my father , my grandfather , my grandmother . It was down right annoying to keep reading these few sets of words so frequently . It was very hard to keep the pace of reading the book when the sentences were broken up so often with the Italian . I have been a romance reading for over 20 years and have frequetnly read romance with touches of another language thrown in here and there , but this one was just to choppy for me to enjoy . I do n't think I 'll be inclined to buy another Feehan gothic unless I get the chance to skim it first . I will however keep reading her Dark series which I absolutely love .
 I really like Christine Feehan . This book was very dissapointing . The plot had promise . Nicoletta was a sweet heroine . The prose were good , and the medival Italy setting was an interesting change of pace . However , the plot flows like molasses in January . I managed to get half way through before I through the book down and went back to the ` Dark ' series .
 I listened to the audio version of `` Cruel & Unusual '' on a recent trip to New Jersey and back . The first 2/3 of the book kept me on the edge of my seat , then ... the whole thing collapsed in a heap at the end . Would have been much better if the author had stuck to writing a taut thriller instead of trying to drag in everything from evil Republican office holders to Nazi war criminals , all dumped into the mix at the last possible moment . After all the buildup , the `` who '' of the whodunnit ends up being ... nobody in particular . And the fate of the evildoer ? Nothin ' much . Disappointing . Wo n't bother with Dr. Scarpetta or Ms. Cornwall again.I 'm a little baffled by all the reviews that say , `` great book , bad ending ... '' and still give it 3 stars or more . Is n't a mystery DEFINED by the ending , by how the author ties up all the loose ends and red herrings ?
 Here is a summary of my impressions :1 It was written for about the 6th grade level .2 There was virtually no `` grab '' for the first 2/3 of the book . I simply trudged through . That is highly unusual for a crime book .3 The author went into excruciating detail about extraneous subject matters . This happened multiple times . You 'll feel as though she was just trying to fill pages .4 But most of all , there was no closure to the story in any satisfying way . That is paramount in a good crime book.In summary , do n't bother . If you do , you 'll be asking the same thing I did , `` I want my 10 hours back that I wasted on this book . `` Harris LevinCruel and Unusual
 My first foray into this writer was her latest book , Scarpetta . I enjoyed it ... so I purchased this effort and several others she had written . I was a bit disheartened to find that all of her books have basically the same formula and character studies . After a while reading her work becomes less than stimulating . It becomes trite .
 I must say I was required to read this book for a class . If that had not been the case , I would have put the book down half way through it . I was put off by the excessive amounts of technical language and graphic descriptions of the state of murder victims . Quite frankly , I was very disappointed by this book .
 In a word , Lacking . Her style of writing left me unable to appreciate the underlying story which , as a result , I found rather vacuous and inauthentic . So much so that I felt compelled to come write a review of this book so others might avoid making the same mistake I did . No offence Patricia .
 I needed to replace a lost CD set of the library CD book
 This is the worst of the Scarpetta series . which is quite an achievement seeing as all the others are brilliant . My favourites being the claustrophobic `` The Body Farm '' , and the superbly dark `` Point of Origin '' . I have loved all the Scarpetta 's , and read them at least twice over , and i still think this is the worst.The plot was very complicated , and it all seemed a bit of a mess . The characters were nothing special , and i this is the only book in which Cornwell manage to bore me with her normally insightful computer terminology . It 's too long , and basically i dont think it has any substance . There is a great potential . The idea for the plot is superb , and could well have been one of the best , but somewhere along the line it all slips . I cant put my finger on it , but i just didnt come away from this with the satisfaction i normally get out of a Kay Scarpetta book.Nevertheless this is still a necessary book to read if you intend to read the entire series . It is one of the major turning points . The first book to feature Temple Gault , who would later lead to Carrie Grethen , Newton Joyce , and all the other catastrophic events which culminate in the next turning point of `` The Last Precint '' . each one has signalled a new era for Patricia Cornwell , and each one has not been quite as good as the others . But The Last Precint was still much better than this . It is , admittedly , very clever , but far too complicated , and im surprised it got the CWA 's gold dagger.nevertheless , i have given it two stars purely because it is such a major point in Scarpetta 's life . You must read it if you intend to read the entire series , but dont expect to enjoy it as much as you do the others .
 The good
 I must have missed something ... reading `` Cruel and Unusual '' and `` The Alienist '' at the same time , C&E was n't remotely in the latter 's league . They are n't even playing the same sport . I knew when I picked it up that C&E would be pulp entertainment and nothing more , but I 'm still disappointed.The plot was reasonably interesting but the way that everything fell so neatly into place at the end seemed forced . What passed for character development was more like being beat over the head with a ten-pound hammer
 Although this might be a good book to introduce issues in technical writing to someone considering the field , it is not useful if you want anything more than a broad overview . The information it contains varies widely in depth and is sometimes dated ; for example , there are several paragraphs discussing the features of dot-matrix printers but only one short and incomplete list of the types of bindings available for professionally printed documentation . For some unclear reason , two sections on editing are separated by 10 pages on usability testing . If you are actually involved in technical writing , there are better books .
 This is a nasty , mean-spirited book that exhibits contempt for the Torah and Torah values . When I picked up this book at the local library , I assumed that I would just love it and want to buy a copy for my college-age daughter -LRB- who is also a cat-owning Rabbi 's daughter -RRB- . But this is n't just some loveable cat regaling us with home-spun , and potentially Torah-based wisdom . No , this cat uses bad language , is obsessed with masturbation and , on occasion , likes to grab the nearest lady cat and `` show '' her -LRB- and us , unfortunately -RRB- a thing or two . -LRB- Anyone for cat pornography ? -RRB- Oh , and the lovable rabbi ends up desecrating Shabbos -LRB- the Sabbath -RRB- and eating trefe -LRB- non-kosher -RRB- food in a crisis of faith brought on by finding out that his daughter 's new husband is not strictly observant and his family is not at all observant . Warning
 This is the tale of a kindly Rabbi , his sweet daughter and the cat who loves her . The tale seems promising at first , until it delves into bitterness over God and those who love Him and follow His laws . The cat represents the glorification of sin itself , and delights whenever the book 's characters fall into ungodly habits , judging them forever as hypocrites -LRB- taking no account into repentance and future avoidance of said sin -RRB- . As is the case with most humanist literature the story down spirals from that point until it ends with the Rabbi losing faith in God . At this point the cat is truly happy with the Rabbi , thus giving the tale a ` happy ending ' . In short , ` The Rabbi 's Cat ' is a tale structured to appeal to secular humanists , atheists and pagans who want to feel better about their self-serving , do as you feel , lifestyles.One more note
 As someone who is interested in different cultures , I thought the book would be an interesting window into other people 's thoughts . Instead , I open it to find a swearing cat -LRB- he uses the F word -RRB- denigrating religion and showing religious people as hypocrites , in a lame stereotypical way . Might be interesting to others , but its not interesting to me . Not only is it not suitable to children , but there are a lot of adults who would not want to be bothered with this kind of disrespect and vulgarity either . I wish I had been warned before I tried to read this book .
 Several years ago , I wrote a 35-page article questioning the credibility of Jean Hill by comparing her statements about the assassination from Nov. 22 , 1963 onwards , with the allegations made in her book . I started out as a strong believer in what Jean had to say , until I gradually realized that she was adding more and more details to what she originally described to news and tv reporters shortly after the tragedy in Dallas , culminating in a completely different account of her experience as described in CROSSFIRE by Jim Marrs . But even earlier in remarks made to author Tony Summers , there were signs of altered recollections . I got to meet Jean at the 1991 Dallas conference and two years later at a conference held in Sudbury , Ontario , where she told me to my face that I was `` a thorn in her side '' . Well , I 'm sorry she feels that way , even though she had n't actually read my article -LRB- which numerous researchers have either bought or received from me , free of charge . -RRB- I still believe that there was a conspiracy involved in the assassination of JFK , but I feel that Jean 's book is far more fiction than fact -LRB- there are no footnotes -RRB- , and reads like a dimestore mystery novel . Thank goodness plans to dramatize it as a television docudrama feel through . It 's too bad Oliver Stone chose to use her altered account in his film . Anyone who decides to read this book , or has already done so , should consider reading my article -LRB- `` Jean Hill - The Lady In Red '' -RRB- too . As Kevin Costner said in `` JFK '' , `` It 's up to you . ''
 Since writing my review of JFK
 Jean Hill 's story changed with the wind . She saw next to nothing during the assassination , but used her unique location -LRB- and her active imagination -RRB- to keep herself in the limelight for years . It got so bad that even the conspiracy writers were shying away from her toward the end . It was laughable.Someone needed to ask her about the `` little dog '' she said was sitting in the car with JFK and Jackie . -LRB- Look at the original interviews - she actually said it . -RRB- This book is BS from stem to stern . Go read a fairy tale , at least there 's a moral at the end . The only thing you find at the end of this book is your wallet a little lighter !
 Very disappointing read . Starts with her tale of what she saw in 1963 then devolves into another `` MASSIVE GOVERNMENT CONSPIRACY '' work . Offering no documentation to support statements made . Unsupported statements about what her boyfriend said , claimed or saw . Lauds Garrison and his persecution of an innocent man in New Orleans . Originally I thought &#65533; The Assassination tapes &#65533; By George O &#65533; Toole was the worst effort in Conspiracy volumes but no more .
 `` JFK
 The physics department at my school gets the mad ramblings of this man , and I usually end up with them -LRB- seeing as how no one else will read them -RRB- . In a word , I sum these writings as `` nonsense . '' Most of his ideas , aside from being mostly incoherant and physically absurd , also defy the time-tested and true concepts that the average high-school physics student could debunk . Furthermore , mixed in with these insane babblings , are religious and political ramblings , which he tries to pass off as the only possible truth.My recommendation , unless you want a good laugh or evidence of the under-education of many Americans , pass on this book . Any other use of your money would be a better one .
 This kindly adaptation is a mishmash of gibberish . Amazon really needs to take more time in converting these . In this condition this should be free .
 The plot develops nicely then ends abruptly with an unsatisfying ending . It seems to the reader as if the author had reached her contractual page limit and slapped an ending onto the book . A superhuman villian was terminated too easily . The method of capture was not adequately developed . Several promising themes were not followed up by the author , especially the entriquing possibility that through genetic testing Gault 's uncle may have been his father or the reason for the military being interested in the investigation . The author took one of the least interesting possibilites and handled it in a below average formulaic manner
 Here is a character I have enjoyed develop . But Kay is losing it . She should dump her niece Lucie , clean up her personal life -LRB- it 's not nice to have an affair with a friends husband -RRB- and treat Det. Marino with some respect.As for Gault , if I pick up another Scarpetti book with his name in it ... right back on the shelf
 Well , that 's no fun . Honesty is the best policy , right ? This was the first of Patricia 's books I had the displeasure to become acquainted with . I 've tried reading another of her works , but I ca n't get over the simplistic writing with unnecessary adjectives thrown in for no apparent reason except , perhaps , to make the sentences longer and make the reader suffer from the protracted tripe . More than that , this book failed to make me care about the characters or about the outcome of the story
 This could be the worst novel I have ever read . It is also the first and last Patricia Cornwell novel I will ever read . There are so many problems with this book that they can not be listed here , so here are but three points
 I actually tried another PC book a few months ago -LRB- do n't remember which one -RRB- but gave up in disgust with all of the advertising I found in it - references to AOL , Reebok and The Body shop.But I saw this book in the library and seeing as she is so popular decided to give her another chance . Big mistake . The characters in this book were wooden and the main character , Kay Scarpetta is laughable . When it is discovered that the killer on the scene knows where she lives , she blubbers about having to leave her house and car . Now here 's a heroine we can get behind !! I read about 200 pages before giving up . I decided I had wasted enough of my life on this drivel . I had read in other reviews that there was one good scene in this book . I did n't get that far because I did n't find one in those 200 pages.I followed this book with `` Denial '' by Peter James and saw the difference between the insipid rubbish that Cornwell passes off as a thriller and the real thing . `` Denial '' kept me turning the pages until the end .
 I read `` Postmortem `` a few years ago and remember enjoying it , so I figured I 'd give another Cornwell book a chance.It was a mistake.Cornwell 's prose is about as sophisticated as a 40-ounce bottle of Colt 45 . I know one does n't read this kind of novel for its beautiful language , but prose on a higher level than sixth grade composition class should n't be out of the question either . I can count the number of metaphors used in this book on one hand , without extending any of my fingers.And the plot is ... well ... lame . Had it been anything other than boring , senseless tripe I would be able to overlook the complete lack of artistic craft in the book . But it was n't . The antagonist is a drug addict , who is `` decompensating , '' yet he still manages to break into a high-security computer system in the FBI building , all the while committing murders in public places while eluding scores of policeman like the invisible man . This book would be better classified as science fiction than crime fiction.What a stinker !
 Very goo
 This supposed `` thriller '' is mind-numbingly dull and inept - I had to give up half way through .
 I had never read this author , but knew of many who did . When I read that this book was being made into a movie , it seemed a good opportunity to read her , before seeing the screen mess up her work . Now , I pray that the screen does so.I was extremely disappointed with this work . It is unrealistic , fails to capture the reader , and at points when I should have been completely engrossed , left me struggling with whether I wanted to pick it up . I hope she has written better than this , or else , there are a lot of people who have not bothered reading some of the strong authors available.Her characters are not sympathetic , they do not draw the reader 's attention , and they are dull in overall scope . I have too many other good books to read before I pick up another book from this author .
 Usually I read `` general fiction '' , but I also like to read `` crime novels '' from time to time . Of course that good `` crime novels '' also qualify as literature . Take Graham Greene , for instance , or James Ellroy , the Tinseltown Dostoyevsky . Of course that it 's a very tricky business , that of writing crime novels . And unfortunately , Ms. Cornwell 's `` From Potter 's Field '' falls a little bellow the mark.Let 's take the character development , for instance . Or rather , let us not take it , since there is n't any . Scarpetta continues to be a paranoid b *** h who simply can not stop moralising for a second -LRB- I like strong women characters ; unfortunately , this one is just irritating -RRB- . Lucy , whose very existence should be considered a crime , manages to be more annoying than Jar Jar Binks . Gault barely manages to be ONE-dimensional , let alone be terrifying -LRB- he 's about as scary as Dr.Evil from `` Austin Powers '' . Minus the jokes . -RRB- Marino is his usual amusing cardboard self and everyone else is just walking backdrop.But let us forget character for a while . How about the plot ? After all , a good plot can save a crime novel , ca n't it ? Well , not always , but in this case there is no plot . None that Cornwell has n't written before , that is . Think about it
 I loved Patricia Cornwell 's first five novels ; sadly , her sixth loses its edge . . I wanted to enjoy it . . but the plot labors on . . and I had a hard time finishing a book I could n't wait to read . We lose Scarpetta 's forensic `` grit '' and instead focus on a bizarre , rather boring computer plot . . I hope the next books in the series are better !
 The house we stayed in for New Years had a ton of books on its shelves and since it was raining a lot we had plenty of time to read . I picked up this book New Years Eve and finished it New Year 's Day . I chose it for a couple of reasons , first off I had just finished a historical book and it was time for something light and I had recently seen a 20/20 episode where Patricia Cornwell claimed to have solved the identity of Jack the Ripper . So I was intrigued . I like mystery and thrillers and I knew she had written a lot of books in the genre and my wife had read several of hers and liked them . First off I must say that Patricia was stretching the word per page ratio with this book . I was reading the hard cover edition and the margins were very wide and each paged ended like 3 inches from the bottom with some silly footer taking up a lot of space . Secondly and partially as a consequence it was a very fast read . Finally I would not recommend this book , but it was entertaining in some regards . I do n't know about any of her other novel 's -LRB- I think I will check out one more of her 's as a fair shake , in particular there was one book that one a bunch of awards one year that looks promising -RRB- but I found this to be a weak example of the genre . Lets face it , in any genre there are real works of literature that are the top of that particular genre , say Tolkien in fantasy , I am not sure what is the supreme literary example of mysteries but whatever it may be this was a bland consume . I did n't really care for it much . It is basically your typical psycho serial killer vs. the `` law enforcement '' individual . In this case Cornwell 's hero is a heroine , Kay Scarpetta and Chief Medical Examiner of Virginia , for which I think she has earned a lot of interest . However for a thriller of this type I enjoy James Patterson 's Alex Cross series much better .
 I 'm not a fan of the crime writing genre , so I require more than some blood and guts and a few nasty frights to make me speak highly of a crime novel . Unfortunately , I can not speak highly of From Potter 's Field.I know more about dogs than I do about forensic medicine , so it makes me suspicious of the novel 's factual integrity when I read that a murderer 's eyes are `` as pale blue as a malamute 's '' , when in fact -LRB- according to the Alaskan Malamute Club of America -RRB- , a malamute 's eyes MUST be brown , never blue.It also made me laugh to think that all the crime agencies -LRB- and the media !! -RRB- in the USA would be completely ignorant regarding the closest relatives of the country 's highest profile serial killer . Although if the good guys had known some basic details about the killer 's family tree , Dr Kay would have been left twiddling her thumbs , so I suppose I should quit complaining.Well , I read the book right through to the end , and it kept me amused , so I have to give it one star .
 If you love meaningless running around , plot lines thatdefy even sympathetic attempts to suspend disbelief , andsnarled bureacratic conflicts among different law enforcement agencies , you might put up with this one . Otherwise ... the book disappoints . One gets the impression that it was written in haste . A pale imitation of the previous work ... deserves to be piled high on the remainder tables -LRB- if not in a Potter 's Field for books -RRB- .
 Having read all of Patricia Cornwell 's books , I was very disappointed about her latest achievment . Draging the villain through 3 separate books probably was n't her best idea . Even more disturbing
 From Potters Field is one Patricia Cornwell 's worst book she has written . It 's not the characters , nope . It 's not the writing that is wrong . It 's the story that makes the book disappointing.Temple Gault has struck again . This time we know this for sure . Both the readers and Kay Scarpetta do . Someone from Lucy 's past is also back . The problem with this book is that Gault is not a strong enough villain to carry this book . He is not scary or very threatening . It 's not exiting . Partly because we never get into his head we are always inside Scarpetta 's . Even if Cornwell did venture inside his head I 'm not sure if it would be that exiting . For a killer on the loose plot its very weak , of coarse the forensics are very good and original . But for the most part a very disappointing Scarpetta novel .
 I expected better than this poorly contrived story of murder and mystery from a well-seasoned author . The plot line lacked substance and the ending was poorly executed . The only reason I continued reading the story was in hopes that it would improve as I read . Boy , was I disappointed .
 I like the idea . I like strong women characters . And I like mysteries , suspense , and crime stories . But I do n't like Patricia Cornwell 's Kay Scarpetta stories . It 's very hard to differentiate between her characters , and the `` surprise ending '' leaves the reader feeling cheated , as there is no development leading up to the conclusion . One feels as if one has read a several hundred page prologue to a short story . Instead of character development , we are treated to the condition of the women character 's breasts -LRB- perky , upright , sagging , fat -RRB- and just how much the male characters smoke.The main character , Kay Scarpetta , is hugely judgemental , frighteningly paranoid , and irritatingly egotistical . The story grinds to a halt here and there as Kay spouts off yet another moralizing homily about the right to privacy -LRB- except when SHE needs information -RRB- , the right to own an arsenal of weapons , and the right to sleep with someone else 's husband . Oh , and the right to be unbearable after giving up smoking . -LRB- For one painted as such a sterling genius , the whole smoking emphasis suffuses the book with an overtone of cognitive dissonance . -RRB- The idea is interesting . The sketch of characters is interesting . Patricia Cornwell needs to get out the way and let the story flow .
 This was possibly the worst book I have ever read . I am amazed by the number of fans for this kind of rubbish .
 This book is so unrealistic that it spoils all the fun , super killers like Temple Gault -LRB- a clone for the Satan Incarnate known as Hannibal Lecter -RRB- are more silly than super . I found all the other character two dimensional and all the `` intrigue '' regarding super computers insulting to my intelligence . Has Cornwell done better ? I do n't know and , after reading this , am in no big hurry to find out .
 This was the first Patricia Cornwell book I have read . She is a compelling storyteller , and she obviously possesses great knowledge of the subject matter . I do admit to finishing the book in a two-day period , but it was more to get to the inevitable final showdown between Scarpetta and the killer . Scarpetta and some of her cronies are characterized well , but the killer seemed a bit stereotypical . I do n't believe in reading ahead and spoiling the surprise , but in this case I skipped some detailed sections to find out how the killer would be stopped in his tracks.Since reading this book , I have read Cause of Death by Cornwell and would rate that book slightly higher than this one . This book is not her best that I 've read so far , but it would n't prevent me from reading another one.This is a good , focused , and knowledgable writer who does not need to fall back on unbelievable killers and sensantional plot devices to tell an imaginative story .
 Did you ever read Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand ? Few people have , because it 's long and it 's dull , something about Rand 's philosophy of man against society seen through the eyes of John Gault.Now Ayn Rand ends up in Inspector Penn 's bookcase and Temple Gault ends up with a scalpel in his thigh , riding the rails , so to speak.Usually , authors describe villains who we come to dislike . Cornwell 's villain , this coke-snorting psychopath , ends up surrounded by all the forces known to man , in New York City anyway . The FBI , the city police , the transit police , you name it . I ended up rooting for the guy to escape , that 's how repelled I was by Cornwell 's climax , or was it an anti-climax ? Was it nothing more than a severed femoral artery?I did learn something from this book
 Cornwell does have somewhat interesting story lines and the ME aspect is definitely interesting . However , any momentum the book hopes to attain is thwarted time and time again by her stereotypical characters . Why does every man have to be a one-dimensional macho idiot who ca n't believe that a woman can hold such a serious job ? Does Cornwell truly believe that men are like this ? Meanwhile , Scarpetta and her niece Lucy are depicted as physically fit , attractive geniuses who eagerly whip up a seven course Italian dinner after working a 16 hour day , everyday . I forgot to mention they are rich and always level-headed with never an ` off ' day . Essentially these characters have no challenges left except for contrived -LRB- mostly relationship -RRB- problems . Scarpetta ponders being perfect while not being loved or able to let herself love another . Well , if she did n't love herself so much that would be a first step . She 's definitely egocentric . Lucy would be as egocentric , but alas , she is humbled through her worship to her shrine - Scarpetta . Lucy was almost challenged with alcoholism but thankfully that challenge ended after a few months -LRB- yet another narrow escape from character development -RRB- . Lucy also has a hard time with relationships and ca n't seem to find that right person who complements her intellect and beauty on an even level . To wit , it 's lonely at the top . Being perfect is attainable - 1 -RRB- love yourself first , 2 -RRB- stay single , 3 -RRB- proceed with a monastic life of studying all day and night , 4 -RRB- learn to cook . And remember
 At least , that 's how I felt about this book , which seems only to have been published because the author has written some truly interesting previous novels . I recommend the first three books in the series . I can not recommend this book for anything except kindling . However , not having a fireplace , I filed this under G.
 This depressingly inept novel is devoid of interesting characters and the plot is so ludicrous that only curiosity about how much worse it can get keeps one reading to the end . And Cornwell does not disappoint -- it gets worse and worse and worse , until a conclusion that is as contrived and pointless as any in fiction . Another reviewer on Amazon called this book drivel , but that was perhaps too kind an assessment . This is the lamest book I have ever read.Each character is assigned one trait -- Marino is bigoted , Lucy is angry , Benton is beleaguered -- with the exception of the star of the show , Kay Scarpetta , who seems to have drawn two traits -- stupidity and a major shopping addiction -LRB- dropping brand names is her hobby -RRB- . A brief list of plot sillinesses
 Thanks to Patricia Cornwell ! Before reading `` From Potter 's Field '' I was afraid that I could n't make it as a professional writer . But now I know that if she can sell books , so can I.With the build-up this writer has received , I expected a better read . The first person narration makes Dr. Scarpetta sound like an egotist . A character who is always right like our good doctor needs someone besides herself to narrate her exploits . Sherlock Holmes would be an insufferable boor had his creator not had the sense to tell us of his superiority through the eyes of faithful Dr. Watson . How many times can you use the word `` I '' in a 412 page book ? How about using the third person , Ms. Cornwell ? Then we 'd know what characters other than Dr. Scarpetta are thinking.Another gripe -- too much information . Ms. Cornwell substitutes technical jargon and unneeded facts for solid characterization and plot . And I realize this may seem picayune , but does the writer , her editor or her proofreader use spell check ? The hard-cover book has a number of spelling and grammar errors -- amazing!If you are a fledgling writer like me and want a little motivation to begin submitting queries for manuscripts , read this book -- you 'll find encouragement here ! If you are a reader in search of quality fiction , you might want to keep looking ...
 This books just did n't do it for me . I enjoy PC but this book . Seemed too easy . Things just happend , people just called . In fact , I think this books had some bad editing . I felt as though all what was needed was there , and that someone just yanked out the big sections for no reason.I am still a fan , but this one is a skipper.The doc just happens , to see the resturante that the killer was using.The polices offer in charge is left in the subway with two people who are not police . Just does not at add .
 I found this plot to be to contrived in that many of the scenes were just to clearly made up for me to become vicariously involved . The twists and turns in the plot were simply to convenient for me to appreciate a sense of natural flow that good novels must have . For example
 Does anybody really believe that when a joint FBI/police/medical examiner team needs to locate West Coast dental specialists quickly , they would decide the best way is TO SPAM EVERY USER ON PRODIGY asking for a knowledgable dentist to contact them?This book has so many problems , I hardly know where to start . They fall into two main areas -- no , not the print and the page , the pages , at least , are innocent ! There are editorial problems , and problems inherent in a story that reads as if it did n't have the author 's full attention.Let 's begin with the editorial problems . Do you believe that sirens can `` whelp '' through the sky ? -LRB- and is that why we say it 's raining cats and dogs ? or at least , puppies ? -RRB- Dialogue moves in and out of a `` no contractions '' zone , which has the characters suddenly using formal diction -- maybe ONE character in modern America could get away with this , but most of them ? How often do senior cops and med . examiners , in casual conversation , say `` I will not '' and `` I do not '' instead of `` I wo n't '' or `` I do n't '' ? It 's the unevenness that is jolting and extremely irritating , as if there were multiple editors , one of whom did n't believe in contractions while the others did.But the editors ca n't be blamed for the plot problems and general stupidity of the characters . How many times are we expected to believe that people who are told every other sentence that they should not go out alone have yet again gone out alone ? One second they 're talking about putting Scarpetta into the Federal Witness Protection scheme and the next , she 's going into work 2 hours early so she 'll have the whole building to yourself -- does anybody think the readers will be surprised when You Know Who intrudes on Scarpetta 's early-morning solitude ? It happens repeatedly . It 's like a B-grade horror movie -- the characters are idiots who walk stupidly into danger they could easily avoid . But then there 'd be no book -LRB- not necessarily a bad thing -RRB- . The main character 's resemblance to Superman pales quickly . In a crime scene , only Scarpetta will spot the incriminating footprint . In a crowd scene , only Scarpetta will spot the suspect in the crowd . Why bother with all the other police/FBI/NY Transit Police?Even so , Scarpetta does n't detect much , she mostly intuits . If more than one person could have done something , you can bet that Scarpetta knows which one did it . How ? She just knows . Maybe the rest of the team does n't know whether the killer is in Virginia or NY , but Scarpetta does . Why ? She just knows . If one character has a high-ranking uncle , and she hears that another is vaguely rumored to be related to someone important , you can bet that she 'll guess the two are siblings , and she 'll be right , and the reader will not get any more explanation . As a reader , I feel cheated -- where is the detection ? If I wanted to read about clairvoyance , I 'd be reading books in a different genre.The ONE redeeming feature is the scene in which Scarpetta meets the parents of the serial killer . That jumps off the page . What is it like to have your child turn out to be a monster ? How would you react ? Cornwell should have developed this , made it the focus of the book , have Scarpetta skillfully tease useful information from the parents , DO SOME DETECTION , instead of having her charging around with an arsenal , hopping planes and FBI ` copters all over the East Coast until you , the reader , feel the jet lag.If Cornwell can write that scene , why did she write 400 pages of drivel to wrap around it ? I know that she 's a well-known , well-respected author , but she was really asleep at the wheel for this one.I only wish Amazon would let you give a book ZERO stars .
 I borrowed this book from a co worker while I was abroad , and regreted it ever since , because it was even worse than having nothing to read at all ... There were 2 things that ruined my enjoyment of this book :1 -RRB- the main reason was that the plot , and Kay 's actions , were totally illogical - someone who is afraid of a murderer stalking her would be more careful than Kay was , for instance ... Unlike what I 'd expect from a professional dective , Kay Scarfetta does n't use logic but follows her intuitions , which do n't seem to be based on anything but her vague feelings that it must be saw , and each and every one of those feelings turn out to be true ... That does n't make the book very believavle ... 2 -RRB- when an author writes a more than one novel wuth the same main character , you could casually pick up of of the books in the middle of the ` series ' , or even the last book of it , and have a pretty good idea of what 's going on , even though you 'd have a much broader outlook of things if you read the previous books in the series . But not only does PC use Kay Scarffeta as her main character in numerous books , but she brings Temple Brooks Gault , the villain , back from the past , without giving a thorough background of his and Kay 's history , just a little line saying Gault has some things to resent about the detective ... And so on ... This is just one examples of past characters and occurances that are mentioned in this book that occured or were introduced in the past , and there are so many of them that it really makes the book very vague and gives you a feeling you do n't understand even half of it without having read the previous books . This might be OK for fans of the author but it does n't make casual readers , like me , want to research enough to get the prior books and read them ...
 This book reads like the tin man in the Wizard of Oz walked BEFORE he was oiled ! Jerky and clumsy with a very hollow ring to it . I read 1/3 of the book and threw it in the `` yard sale '' pile . It 's the first book of hers I 've read and I do n't intend to pick up a second one . This is really a prime example of bad writing churned out for non-readers and quick profits .
 I have read all of the Scarpetta novels & this is not the worst -LRB- that would be Cause of Death -RRB- but rt. up there . I thought the story began well enough , but the ending was lame . The plot was predictable . Lucy is nauseating as ever & wish she 'd die . Scarpetta is still overly materialistic & self-righteous which has gotten old.One of many gripes would be that I find it very hard to believe that all the crime agencies & the media have zero knowledge of this serial killer 's family background -LRB- close family members - like a twin sister -RRB- . My advice - do n't let this be your 1st Scarpetta novel .
 The authors seem unaware of the fact that theory guides our understanding . There are no `` objective '' facts , yet the authors present all their findings as such with almost no reasoning attached . This is both arrogant and ignorant . The authors display no grasp of theoretical advances in Accounting and I recommend getting a book that has a better exposition of principles as more than practice
 There sure is some exciting literature out there . This is not it . The material is very dry ... desert comes to mind . I am using this book for my accounting 211 course at OSU , and boy is it fun -LRB- note the sarcasm -RRB- . And what 's with the dates in the example problems -LRB- such as 12/31/x1 -RRB- ? What is that ? Were they too afraid to put a 9 in there ? They did n't think we , the students , could handle it ? But hey , I 'm not bitter or anything . I do n't even think you COULD make accounting interesting . A must read ! -LRB- HA ! -RRB-
 I was going to get a book with a ISN number of 0072316373 ... But today , I got one with 0070412901 ... So I need you send my money beac to my account , and give me a well reason why you let the seller mail me a totally different book again , It is the second time I get an item with wrong number
 A synopsis of the first chapter
 How this man has managed to write so many books while knowing nothing about 1 -RRB- travel and 2 -RRB- archaeology is a mystery to me . First he shows up in Jordan with no local money on a Friday -LRB- you 'd think someone passing themselves off as a knowledgeable traveller would have figured out banks in an Arab country are closed on the Muslim sabbath -RRB- Then he continues on with a series of quack theories about aliens , and technologically advanced ancient civilizations , and harps that make rocks float . There not even good quack theories , like Hancock or Buval -LRB- who , while equally worthless , at least make an attempt to back up their theories -RRB- Read something else .
 Let 's face it
 What a disappointment . This book is about 50 % self-centered travelogue and 50 % teasers about the mysteries . I expected a book full of archeological information about cities and cultures that have long since disappeared , but instead got embarrassingly ridiculous chit-chat and superficial explanations . I wanted scientific information , not a book that tends to explain most of its mysteries via levitation and alien beings !
 I understand the general euphoria over this book . It is well written , succinct and , in places , an accurate exegesis of free market economics . In much of the text , Hazlitt artfully debunks incorrect reasoning that often drives economic policy . Insofar as the book limits itself to that modest goal , it succeeds admirably . But when Hazlett more ambitiously attempts to purvey free market economics as singular truth the book falls painfully short.Hazlitt , like other free market economists , forgets that free market theory is only a pardigm . Free market thinking is useful to the extent that the conditions precedent to a free market are fulfilled ; but no further . When the assumptions underlying free market thought are not met , the theory may fail . And in virtually ignoring this fact the book founders.For example , Hazlitt never mentions the problem of externalities which free markets inevitably fail to address . And his actors always conform to behavior convenient for free market theory . To paraphrase Garrison Keillor , Hazlett 's universe is a paradise where all the markets are strong , all the investments are attractive and all the profits are above average.But there are other failings , too . The dislocations of a free market economy are generally trivialized . Unemployment is almost viewed as a benefit to workers when resultant from free market operations ; as if a pink slip were a toll pass for the Yellow Brick Road leading to the Oz of more efficient employment . In several places Hazlitt is inconsistent , as when discussing the failure of marginal producers -LRB- a benefit when caused by free market processes in declining industries ; an evil when caused by `` excessive '' wage demands by labor -RRB- . Remarkably , he adverts to the `` inappropriate '' political power wielded by labor and farmers due to their disproportionate numbers , while never mentioning the truly undue influence that corporate largesse has on governing institutions . What Hazlett considers improper political influence most of us would consider functioning democracy.In summary , this book is a useful and brief introduction to free market economics . So long as one recognizes its limitations , well ... no harm , no foul . But for true economic enlightenment you will have to look elsewhere .
 If you are new to Economics , this is one book that you can skip . It is not useful nor `` mandatory reading '' if you are looking to understand the subject better . There is not even one chart or graph included in this book !!! Stick with Naked Economics
 When I read something I like the whole story with some facts to back them up , but what I got out of this book was a guy with one side of politics while giving his opinion . Although many of his policies I tend to agree with , I just have a really hard time reading something when the entire book -LRB- well , I only got around a third way through it -RRB- is swung in one way direction . If you like reading about someone 's opinion then you 'll love this book , but if you 're like me and just like cold hard facts leaving it up to yourself at making your own opinion , then do n't buy this book .
 This book has two major problems.One , its title is misleading . You think you are getting a quick , shortened version of an economics class , but what you are really getting is a conservative , free market view of the economy . If the title had been , Reasons Why The Free Market Is Better For The Economy , I would have a lot less problem with this book . Balanced , Hazlitt is not , and he takes a lot of potshots at Keynes with only the occasional quick nod to the problems the free market can run into . It 's not that I disagree with a lot of his arguments , it 's that you do n't get both sides.Two , it 's out of date . It was written in the 1940 's . Oh , it 's been updated alright . In the 1970 's . A lot of economic events have occurred since the 1970 's and the conservative view has some explaining to do.If you really want a balanced view of the economy you can check out < 50 Economic Ideas You Really Need to Know > . It 's balanced , although a bit scatter shot . For a pretty balanced book , but with a left lean , try < Economics Explained > by Heilbroner and Thurow , it tells a more cohesive story than 50 Ideas .
 I was actually looking for a book on economics ... This book is more of a conservative rant . It 's not so much that I disagree with what he says so much as the fact that its all politics and very little economics . Buy this book if you want to hear how much the author thinks liberalism stinks ... not if you want `` Economics in one lesson . '' I definitely feel like I got tricked into buying it .
 When someone is intentionally deceptive in order to sell books or to capture an audience this lowers the value of what they have to say to absolute zero .
 I am not a giant fan of Hazlitt 's works , however I will say that EIOL is very simply and succinctly written . However his criticism of the unnamed `` brilliant economists '' -LRB- p. 28 -RRB- - read
 This book did not help me with my economics class . Even though I passed the course with a B . This book reads more like a novel and really does not simplify economics at all . I work better with definitions and examples and this book gives none .
 The arguments in this book are hugely plausible theories , but they run into a brick wall of fact . In the second half of the 20th century , every government in the world that adopted Keynesian economics became enormously prosperous . Every time a government tried the so called `` free market '' economics Hazlitt recommends the result was high unemployment and a concentration of wealth . The sad fact is that some people are much , much better at making money than others , and that absent some government control , the rich wind up with everything and the workers with the bare minimum necessary to sustain life
 I read this in the 1980 's , and it was a non-event back then . Like most books that claim to have `` the answer , '' this book gives an enormously over-simplified view of economics that does not reflect the real world . Moreover , it presents as settled many open questions , claiming the authors opinions as facts . There are many better books on free-market economics , and far , far better books on economics in general .
 Although though we 're -LRB- presumably -RRB- members of the same political choir , the author treats economics much too simplistically.Calling this book a polemic on Keynesian economics would be accurate , calling it an economics treatise would be just plain wrong.Time would be better spent reading Bastiat .
 Henry Hazlitt 's book , Economics in One Lesson is really just a text book of how to be a reactionary . There are only a few of the chapters with any redeemable characteristics , but by no means is this book anything close to resembling something fit for human consumption , unless perhaps you are doing an anthropological study on 20th and 21st century mass-delusion . Chapter V
 The basic idea of this book basically focuses on the idea of Pareto Efficiency -LRB- which is the economic idea that a policy should benefit all or it should not be undertaken -RRB- . He takes Pareto Efficiency to extremes and uses it to basically launch into an attack on any wealth redistribution . The major criticism is that no economic policy could ever benefit every single person.Many of his ideas are flawed : High taxes discourage production
 I was expecting a book on economics 101 , so maybe I might understand market forces , PE ratios , stuff like that.It 's just a big argument for a libertarian government . Not even particularly good arguments either - they 're all based on metaphors , like the broken window -LRB- paraphrased from memory -RRB- : ` Even though they may get paid , a community does not get rich fixing broken windows . That holds the community still , it does not push it forward . ` That 's a fine argument and all , but that 's not teaching . Metaphors are mental manipulation ... give me all the pros and cons and let me decide . Or better
 This is one of the most disappointing purchases I have made on Amazon.The book is one long , myopic , libertarian apology .
 I would n't recommend this book to an enemy . True , the information may be worthy , but the writing style and the narration were horrible . It is definitely NOT written -LRB- nor read -RRB- in a conversational manner . I 'm willing to cut the narrator some slack as he was only reading what was written , however better inflection , phrasing , pauses , etc. . . would have greatly helped this otherwise tedious book.I could n't even finish it . I suffered through the first 5 disks and after all that investment in time I could n't bring myself to listen to the 6th . Its just that poorly written.I 'll restate the fact that the message -- the information -- is worth hearing , its simply written in such a tedious manner that I could n't stand to hear it through the end.I think I 'll donate it to my local library .
 I am in my 60 's and thought it would be a good time to remedy what I perceived as a gap in my education , economics . I never had a course in economics and the only book I had read was Heilbroner 's Worldly Philosophers , a satisfying but very general overview as I recall . I probably read Heilbroner in the late 70 's . I 'm an audible subscriber and got Economics in One Lesson from them . I can only say that the book was dated , full of economic events that were referenced from WWII , and excessively polemical and rigid.I read it some time ago but it made enough of a bad impression on me that when I saw it in my suggestion list around number 250 , I just had to get onto this page and say what a terrible disappointment the book was.I think the book should be retitled , Economics in One Polemic
 The only economic lessons in it are a very biased critique of any economic policy other than capitalist doctrine . I wanted to learn about economics and was so disappointed in this outdated , one-sided book .
 This book opens with the author explaining his objective analysis of popular fallacies within economics . In no way is this book objective , it is not so much a introduction to economics than a book with a political agenda . He rarely shows two sides of the arguement , spins fact real well all the while omitting valuable information contrary to his veiws . DONT READ THIS AS YOUR FIRST ECONOMICS BOOK , and if you do read it , take it with a grain of salt .
 If you want your faith in market forces and low taxation reinforced , this is a straightforward , but blinkered attempt to make you forget all about government regulation . Funny that west-European countries with bigger taxation and more government influence have less crime , better education , better health care , better TV programmes than the US . They also organise their politics better , so that the tax money is better spent . It did set me right on one or two points , and parts are written in a spuriously funny way , but it is too biased to be really informing . Clearly the writer has never listened to people he does n't agree with.If you have an open mind compare this dangerous nonsense with the writings of Naomi Klein to see how unfettered capitalism works out in practice .
 If you 're a right-wing fanatic , you 'll love this book . It 's all about affirming selfishness and how the rights of big business are much more important than the rights of the individual . Additionally some of his arguments are VERY flawed . For example , he says that there can never really be a trade deficit because American dollars can only be exchanged for American exports . Well Henry , that 's not quite true as we learned from the Japanese . American dollars also work quite nicely for buying American real estate and American businesses . It turns out you can do more with a dollar than buy exports.The author also argues that you can not make money by giving away your products , but you can . All you have to do is force your competition out of business by giving away your product until you establish a monopoly . Then you can charge whatever you like . For all his rhetoric about not being short-sighted , he sure mucks it up himself.Although the author has the occasional valid point , most of his arguments are extremely pro-corporation and anti-labor . But hey , it makes a great gift for your favorite reactionary .
 The problem I have with Hazlitt 's economics primer is that much of the information he presents as fact is nothing but right-libertarian ideology.Hazlitt attempts to `` explode liberal myths '' by taking out of context the social advances America has made in the last 70 years . The author believes that unchecked corporate power will liberate the economy and , therefore , humanity.Hazlitt is obviously a corporate apologists who refuses to scrutinize the `` successes '' of liberalized trade policies throughout the world . A look at any number of third world countries will reveal the true outcome of relinquishing government and social controls of the economy .
 It is astounding that anyone in this age can seriously recommend this book . It has no bearing on the world economy and is blatantly anti labor and anti government regulation . It is hopelessly out of date .
 This book preaches a very right wing kind of economics . If you can imagine one of Rush Limbaugh 's readers or helpers writing a primer on economics , then this is it . Keep government small etc. . The author most likely was an Austrian school follower . As it is avaiable free on Limewire , maybe get a free copy on the Net or browse it in your local library . No need to buy unless you want to flesh out -LRB- sic -RRB- the ideas of Mr Limbaugh et al. . The book relentlessly hammers home the ideas that government should be amall , self interest drives the economy forward and that state intervention is bad .
 Very Stupid . Once you enslave your mind to a blind , fantasy-based , utopian distortion of capitalist society , which has nothing to do with the actual functioning of that system on any level , at anytime whatsoever -LRB- and the top beneficiaries would n't have it any other way - no matter what this economic-libertarian garbage espouse -RRB- , this is what comes out of your pencil . Read this book , turn off the real world , and turn on to a reactionary and libertarian-utopian rehash of greed , plunder , pillage and plutocracy WORSHIP touted as `` common sense . ''
 Wow , this one is really out there . Only Any Rand and Ron Paul , who know nothing about economics , could recommend this book . For example , consider these laughable claims , that I paraphrase - The primary problem with economics as practiced is that no thought is given to the long term consequences of policies to all groups.There is no difference between supply and demand.The vast majority of economists are ignoramuses.It is all very simple ; listen to me.If you can believe this stuff , read the book . You can get it online for free .
 Started laughing in the second chapter ... enjoyed the book after I realized that I was n't going to learn anything new . It 's obviously a miracle that we survived for the 65 years since it was first published.And seeing that the pending insolvency of the US was as loudly shouted in the 40 's as it is now was worth the price . This book had quotes that would shame both modern day political extremes in the US.Kudos to whoever owns the copyright -- now there 's economics in action .
 Based on other people 's reviews , I thought this would be a fairly straightforward book that a person with a graduate degree but no background in economics -LRB- such as myself -RRB- would find easy to understand . That was definitely not the case , for a number of reasons.First , the writing is not at all impressive . I know economists are not reputed to be particularly good writers , but come on , get yourself a good editor ! Some of the sentences were so wordy and poorly constructed that I had to read them several times to figure out how the writer would have written them if he knew how to write at all . And THEN I had to figure out what the sentence said in terms of expanding my knowledge of economics . It was tedious , to say the least.Additionally , the organization of the text within the chapters needs a significant amount of work . The chapters meander ; if you are the type of person who likes to organize a chapter 's contents into a mental outline as you read , good luck . This author clearly did n't start with an outline , mental or otherwise . It 's like he developed each chapter based on chats he had in his living room , which he asked someone to transcribe , then chunked up into paragraphs and called it done.The author also does n't do a good job of explaining what different terms mean . What 's the difference between a tax , a tariff , and a duty ? Darned if I know , and I read about two-thirds of this book before deciding it definitely was n't worth my time.I also found the content he describes in his chapters to be somewhat outdated . It 's hard to get a grasp of economics when you 're trying to relate what you know about how a particular system works in the present to the way he 's discussing it as working in the past . As I mentioned , I have no background in economics , so I have no way of knowing whether the particular system he 's discussing has undergone a massive overhaul at some point , such that the system he 's describing no longer bears any resemblance to the system I know . If you ca n't figure out how to integrate what you 're reading into your existing knowledge base , you ca n't expect to expand your knowledge base.I also wish the author were more up-front about his political bent from the outset , as this would have helped me to interpret what he was saying in the context of my own political views.Overall , I do not recommend this book at all . Maybe I 'd have a different take if I had read it for a class I was taking , so that the instructor could fill in the blanks and help put certain things into context . But just reading it on my own , with no background in economics to draw on , was pointless.I 'm going to try naked economics next . Reviews seem to indicate that it 's written by an economist who can actually write .
 I wish I had read more of the reviews to learn that this book is less about economics and more about pushing a particular political point of view . The point of view is hard right and the current recession disproves most of the economic patter . After skimming a few pages I threw it away ; I did n't even want it in the house .
 This is propaganda , not an economics lesson . The book is full of faulty logic apparently spewed to promote a libertarian agenda . I could n't be less happy with this purchase .
 Probably one of the more blatantly biased books I 've ever read . Should be renamed `` Libertarians are Cool . '' Yes , libertarianism is the foundation of modern economics and seems sensible . But this book is basically a libertarian manifesto shouted really loudly , with no objective evaluation in sight . It is NOT adequate substitution for an economics course , as I hoped it would be.The claim on the back of the book that it is written `` objectively and impartially '' is completely ridiculous ; Hazlitt 's approach is inflammatory and dogmatic . He compares taxes to `` being robbed '' -LRB- 96 -RRB- , compares fixed prices to `` coercions '' -LRB- 116 -RRB- , goes off on melodramatic tangents about evil government controls leading to `` final abandonment of all the traditional liberties we have known '' -LRB- 123 -RRB- , and basically characterizes any government official as wicked and intending to steal from the masses and head towards `` the seeds of fascism and communism '' -LRB- 176 -RRB- . Straight out of the cold war.What is peculiar is the fact that he does indeed concede that certain services should be paid with taxes -LRB- police , roads , etc. -RRB- . Why ca n't those be private too ? These implications of Hazlitt 's libertarian theories are not explored ; they are merely mentioned in apologetic passing . If taxes really are just a power trip , why have them at all ? This question remains unanswered.Also , Hazlitt does n't realize that his claims apply to things that he says , not just other people 's purported `` foolery . '' He does n't mind `` Industry X '' dying because it will `` release the necessary capital and labor for the new industries '' -LRB- 102 -RRB- , but then gets all bent out of shape when another Industry X goes out of business due to minimum wage laws -LRB- 136 -RRB- by pointing out the resulting `` unemployment . '' Why is unemployment bad here , but okay before ? He excuses unemployment in the first case as `` necessary '' and then calls out the second instance as `` condemning the people who worked in that industry '' -LRB- 136 -RRB- . Which one is it ? His decision to hide or showcase negative evidence rests solely on convenience , not truth.Read something else .
 Bottom line , there are some serious flaws in the author 's thinking . For example , in chapter 11 -LRB- Tariffs -RRB- , the author argues that imposing a $ 5 tariff on an import -LRB- sweaters from England -RRB- ends up costing the US . Never once does he add the $ 5 duty received into the equation . How can someone argue against an import tax without analyzing what happens to the revenues from that tax ? When the next chapter stated that Exports must equal Imports , I quit reading.In short , I could n't agree more with the author that all too often the analysis of costs/benefits focus is too narrow . Yet , in trying to expanding the analysis beyond the ` too narrow ' , the author 's analysis in fact is often too narrow .
 Going to be brief here
 Threw this book right in the trash not even a chapter into it , because I realized it is nothing but the same old recycled and obsolete right-wing drivel that we 've been peppered with over and over , and that took our country to the edge of a second Great Depression . If you are a concerned American you should stay away from this book !
 I was sorely disappointed in this vapid and smarmy demogoguery . Sure , back then there was no Google searching nor number crunching laptops . But plenty of economic data was available which the author managed to circumvent . Probably the book 's greatest failing was to compare the field of economics to other sciences . Even with today 's analytical resources , economists are still all over the map on their predictions & conclusions . On the other hand , meteorologists seem to do quite well.Naturally the radical libertarians , tea-baggers & Republicans love this slim volume which is even slimmer on evidence . I would read it only if you want to know why the lunatic fringe is so nutty & irrational .
 What a ridiculous book ! I sensed no plot , the characters were weak at best , the story did n't flow evenly , and I got the feeling the author wrote it for something to do in his spare time . Most stories evoke feelings in the reader , this one evoked only boredom . The author never even explained who or what `` The Legacy '' was . From reading other reviews , I gathered there is a TV show , but the author should have opened his mind to those of us who are new to his series . Nothing concrete was explained , the evil Mr. Hunter even seemed vague . And after attempting to build Mr. Hunter into an ominous subject , he is melted with a dash of holy water . Puhlease ... . Not once was it mentioned how Mr. Hunter planned to carry on what was his life 's work and meaning after he slaughtered his comrades either . Do n't waste your time on this ugly manifestation of literature , it speaks only to the weakest of minds . Evan 's mother was a joke , what was that `` fog '' she supposedly carried around ? And WHO , if not Evan , was speaking to her ? If we got the TV show here in Saudi Arabia , I would n't even bother to watch it after reading this book .
 This children 's book is a collection of nineteen folk tales collected and retold by the author from his travels throughout Central and South America . The book won the 1925 Newbery Medal for best contribution to American children 's literature . I am oviously in the minority with my opinion
 This book was an anthology of 19 stories . I did n't like it because it was hard for me to make a mental picture in my head . I had to read almost every paragraph over . I could not comprehend at all !
 This book was about witches and possession . I do not believe in those things . I am a Christian ! I did not like this book very much at all ! I do n't think this is a good book for kids to be reading , because they might have nightmares . Some of the stories are hard to comprehend . But if you do like those kind of things you will enjoy this book ! Thank you for reading my review .
 I agree with the reviewer who is not the author . This is really a bad book . Totally not believable with no depth to the characters . I find it hard to believe this book is so popular overseas . I should consider writing for a living . I think the author is a little touchy , too . I guess it was too much for her that someone did n't like her boring book .
 Plot summary
 The author is very likely a Kurdish nationalist , not implausibly a quite supporter of the PKK . As a Communist , he has no room for religion . His analysis is misleading , basically he runs after Muslims under the banner of Islamism , he seeks to undermine the Islamic religion to satisfy his own psychological needs . The author has suppervised the work of others who also claimed to have proved that Islam does not work . The author does not use objective scientific methods , he basically writes in a way that confirms his own priori conclusions . Read the book , if you wish , but with such qualifications in mind . You may read it to understand how the bigot 's mind actually works .
 This is not a good book . It is rather descriptive in nature , poorly referenced , tests no hypotheses empirically and is too wordy . The author makes claims without any substantive evidence . He accumulates paragraphs and twists them in the way that leads him to his pre-assembled conclusions . The author does not seem to have the statistical tools of analysis , a great deficiency for a university professor . The author does not seem well-versed in the history of the Islamic world nor does he understand Islamic economics . He picks up few concepts he thinks will lead him to the conclusions he already knew , so he squeezes Islamic economics into a small area . Contrary to his claims , the main factor leading to the economic decline of the modern Muslim world is the adoption of Marxist ideology - almost every single Muslim country has adopted a Communist regime -LRB- leading to political repression by definition -RRB- . This is not Islamic but rather Jewish Economics . Another factor , among others , would be colonization . Professor Kuran is not an expert on Islam , he would have done better had he sought endeavors in other areas that do not require rigorous empirical testing , perhaps literary work ? .
 I started to give a review in `` deconstructionist '' fashion - blather on about architecture surpassing old notions of `` in '' and `` our '' , of reason giving way to the Neitzhien Uberwill , of absurd interpretations of text , relative yet `` ultimate '' truth and the unholy trinity of angst , subconscienceness and desire.I was afraid , though , that it would be taken seriously by students -LRB- quote unquote -RRB- of post-modern `` thought '' . The danger of deconstructionism is undeniable . When literature and music are culturally interpreted , ethics are situational , when one speaks of slavery as freedom or humanity as inhumanity , we are lost in a sea of intellectual flotsam . The personal connections to fascism - Heidegger , Paul de Man , Blanchot , Bataille - can be overlooked . The intellectual similarities ca n't
 Oh , man ... Jack Higgins , where have you gone ? Eye of the Storm , the introduction of Sean Dillon , is perhaps Higgins ' best work . Starting with The President 's Daughter , however , it 's been all down hill.It 's sort of like when your favorite All-star ballplayer starts hitting below .250 , and never snaps out of it.I know fiction is fiction , but anyone who has even the most basic understanding of world politics will have a tough time buying into the plot.Higgins has a history of characters whose families have dual ethnicities , as does the main antagonist in this story . But Paul Rashid 's background -- half Arab , half English , and he was an SAS soldier in the Gulf War -- does n't jive with some of the things he does in the present setting of the story . Like Rashid telling all of the Arab fringe groups to start kicking up a fuss . Arafat ca n't control these people , but they 'll listen to some guy who fought AGAINST Arabs ? Do n't know about that one , Jack old boy.The book boils down to the Rashids sending one hit squad after the next to knock off Dillon and his cronies , Dillon of course foiling the attempts and wasting the hitmen , and then Dillon and Ferguson et al bumping into the Rashids the next day in a nice restaurant and chatting about it .
 Here 's the whole three hundred pages , in a nutshell
 The premise of this book is that someone who does n't care if he dies is unstoppable.Mr . Higgins 's invincible hero in Edge of Danger is the familiar Sean Dillon , ex-IRA , who continues his role in earlier Higgins books of foiling terrorists on behalf of the British government . The terrorists here come from a wealthy , influential British family -LRB- the Daunceys -RRB- with Bedouin roots -LRB- the Rashids -RRB- as well . The Rashids employ IRA and Arab mercenaries to execute their plans , but get their own hands pretty dirty in the process.The book is marred by several problems . First , Dillon 's inevitable success makes the action seem redundant . Second , there 's too much action crammed into the story -LRB- enough for about four books -RRB- so you do n't get the careful build-up of tension and then relief that makes action thrilling to read about . You just get another punch in the stomach , and move on to the next . Third , this book is about meglomania on such a grand scale as to be like looking inside an insane asylum . That robs the story of validity . Fourth , the villains are cut out of such thin cardboard that all you can tell about them is that they are crazy , rich , and stupid . The threat from their plots is hard to take seriously . Fifth , the book relies on references to products and brands as the primary means to establish mood and setting , a weak method to employ in such a sketchy book.I was surprised by how far Mr. Higgins has strayed from his roots as a thoughtful thriller writer . In Edge of Danger , he has almost written a satire of his own work . In fact , the book is almost a crossover into the worst of the post-Ian Fleming 007 books.The point he wants to make is that honesty and loyalty are what count , rather than one 's ancestors , money , or influence . That message seems distorted by the fact that Sean Dillon turns out to be available to run errands for the rich without fully understanding what he is facilitating . What good are honesty and loyalty if they can be suborned by almost anyone , including the creeps in this book ? This early betrayal of the Dillon character by Mr. Higgins sets up a reason for Dillon to be angry and want revenge , but even that 's not carried off well . Between violent episodes , the good guys and the bad guys are having civil little chats with one another suggesting that the bad guys should mend their ways.Unlike many series , you could skip this book and not miss a single important development about Sean Dillon and his colleagues . If you do decide to read Edge of Danger , set a time limit and read quickly . That will make the experience more exciting by giving you a real source of suspense . Will you finish the book before your time runs out?After you finish the book -LRB- if you insist on reading it -RRB- , I suggest that you contemplate what makes thrillers thrilling . What draws you to this genre ? How can you tell if a book will meet that promise from reviews ? Which reviewers are reliable and which praise everything ? How can you evaluate whether to finish such a book once you 've started ? What face do you want evil to show , in order to make the triumph of good rewarding?Seek out the spread of goodness in all that you do !
 As most people readers know , Jack Higgins has written many fine action-packed books . However , this book reads like a twelve-year-old wrote it . The characters are so transparent they could be ghosts.The author and his publishing house must really need the money to rip of the public in this manner . This is the last book I read by this author . One can only rest on his laurels for so long . I 'm glad this book was handed down to me or I would have written a really nasty review .
 Somebody from higher places should have stopped Mr. Higgins and the publisher from putting this book on the market.It & iexcl ; s quite disturbing to see the absence of integrity and sense of responsibility in providing a joy of reading to the public.All along , I had fight off the growing urge of disposing this disastrous novel only because the shipping charge cost more than the book itself.Yet , once I overcame my frustration and finished the book , I regretted not heeding to my senses.It & iexcl ; s obvious that Mr. Higgins had no heart in writing this book , and he made no effort in showing creativity with words.I was about to scream my head off when he kept rehashing the same phrases -LRB- e.g. , browning with carswell silencer -RRB- over and over again in every single chapter !! This book made me a true anti-Higgins ...
 1 star - only because that 's the minimum.This book proves the famous can publish anything .
 This is my very first book review . Because this book is so fundamentally wrong I need to speak up . The main character Sean Dillion , formal IRA , has a license to kill and make the killing like a game rather than justice . He does whatever he wants to do without follow orders nor has any boundary . He pickup a couple of his terrorism/criminal partners making killing like a habits , terrorism competition , fun game and egoism fulfillment . It so far from any common sense such as the British General could not control this maniacal killer and let he kills who he wish to kill or threaten his masculinity . The killings like a joke to him and have absolutely no legal consequence . This book has promote violence behavior has no artist nor entertainment value . I lost my interest in Jack Higgins Sean Dillion 's serial after finishing this ridicules book .
 It 's a hard slog to read a book written by someone just going through the motions.Jack Higgins drags out his stock company of characters - Sean Dillon and his .22 in an ankle holster and glasses of Bushmills and cardboard villians and it 's just a bore.The action is n't believable . The plot is silly . The dialogue is written to tell the reader what 's going on -LRB- and every character speaks with the same voice -RRB- - this is n't how real people speak . Then the characters overexplain because , apparently , the author was n't paying attention when he gave you the same information a dozen or so pages ago.Frankly , I 've read enough about the IRA and Prods and One Para and County Down to last me the rest of my born days . It just is n't worth it anymore , Jack . Too much work reading for too little reward .
 This minimalism style of writing exposes too much reliance on characters and events from previous books with little descriptive detail of some promising locations . The action is thin as well , characters die frequently and quickly with little build up or detail . Character motivation is weak at times and contributes to an arid experience with a predictable climax .
 This is simply the worst book I remember reading . I enjoyed a couple other Jack Higgins novels , so I happily picked this up . I 'm sorry I did . It is nothing but action , which might be OK for a fun read on the beach , but even the action is so poorly written it is ridiculous . Massive action scenes -LRB- such as large battles -RRB- take place in only 1 or 2 pages . There 's no character development , poor dialogue , no setting descriptions , no drama or suspense -- nothing but a poorly-described series of `` events '' ! Enough said .
 I have been a Higgins fan for many years , and have read and collected almost all of the books he has written . Some were great and full of suspense . But the last three he has written , including this one , `` Edge of Danger '' , are very disappointing . He has resorted to producing 2 books a year , based on the formula of a superficial story line with no depth , predictable characters , and it seems that he now writes just to capitalize on his prior reputation as a good suspense writer.Count the number of Marlboros smoked , the amount of Bushmills and champagne drank , -LRB- and in the midst he changes his champagne brand which makes one wonder whether he has received a better commission from one favorite to another -RRB- , and you find a shallow book . I would save my money on this one , and buy it only if you collect Higgins First Editions , hoping to capitalize someday on the commercial side of selling all Higgins books to a collector .
 I was a big fan of Jack Higgins adventures until this book ! I think this book reads like a poorly written condensed version of a good story - or like the outline of a book . It jumped around too abruptly with poorly written dialogue - no conversation was stretched into a normal length of exchange between people . It was difficult to keep track of all the minor characters in the book because none of them were well developed . I will proabably never read another Jack Higgins book . I am very disappointed - just like I got with Robert Ludlum in one of his later novels . I have never read another book of his either .
 Where did the real Jack Higgins go ? This is not only Higgin 's worst effort to date , it is probably the worst book I 've read in the past 5 years . -LRB- Can you say ` lazy ' , Jack ? -RRB- I ca n't believe I actually finished it , and one star is a generous rating . Unbelievable chapter after unbelievable chapter , no character or plot development , written like a 5th grader.The end of the book foretells a sequel ... a book that I will immediately pass on . Probably my last Higgins book without reading the reviews first.Don ' t buy it -- do n't borrow it -- do n't read it .
 After reading this book , I felt guilty for having purchased it , because that contributed to its best-seller status . -LRB- Oops , maybe not ; the way it works now , it was a bestseller the day it hit ths stores . -RRB- But it is sad to think of all the aspiring writers who struggle to get a publisher 's attention for their worthy efforts , while this strangely hollow piece waltzed its way to bestseller status . Some editor should have thrown cold water on this potboiler .
 This book was obviously written by the numbers , but Higgins appears to have become lost when he got to ten . Perhaps if he had removed his shoes it might have perked the tedious text up a bit . `` Paul Rashid was one of the richest Englishmen in the world . '' He was also half Arab and half British nobility . He and his brothers and one sister wanted to rule the world of Arab oil , but Russia and the United States did not support their hegemony . So , what to do ? They would assassinate the President ; that should show the meddlesome Americans . Why not kill the Russian President ? Well , everyone knows the Russians are a second-rate power . No one would take that seriously . If you have taken this seriously so far I will not mention what they did to the Russian diplomat who killed Mom in a head-on accident in England . I would n't want to ruin the suspense for you if you buy this , this , this ... story.In the interest of full disclosure , I must state that I could not force myself past page 51 , despite the fact that I was desperate for a good mystery to read . Someone else will have to tell you whether their plot succeeded .
 Having read only one other Higgins book before -LRB- Cold Harbor -RRB- , I hesitate , somewhat , to comment on the author 's general talent . However , this book has to be one of the worst I 've read in some time . I think the thing that got me the most was the dialog ; unbelievably simplistic and totally formulaic . `` Damn , he said to Kate , `` It 's the Hazar Scouts , '' Puhleeze ! Not even an exclamation mark . Many other examples could be given . Now , assuming for the moment that the dialog was , say , written at greater than a 7th grade level , the plot is almost as bad . The protagonists ' reactions to their fellows getting knocked off one-by-one is almost comic . There 's no depth here ; just one simple vignette after another . I would n't even want to compare this to Ludlum or Clancy -LRB- although Clancy 's gotten a bit rough of late -RRB- . A terrific waste of a good
 This book is not well written and leaves nothing to the imagination . If I had n't bought it in hard cover and spent the money I would not even have finished reading it .
 Very simplistic writing style - he said , she said , then he said , then she said . This reads like a first attempt , not like a book written by a seasoned author of over 30 books .
 The villains in `` Edge of Danger '' are the Rashids , a ridiculously wealthy family that is half-Arab and half-English . The leader of the clan is Paul Rashid , who is a graduate of the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst and is also a decorated veteran of the Gulf War . Paul 's two brothers , Michael and George , are also graduates of Sandhurst , and their beautiful sister , Kate , attended Oxford University.Paul Rashid is enraged when his mother is killed by a Russian commercial attache driving on the wrong side of the road . It turns out that the Russian , whose name is Gatov , enjoys diplomatic immunity ; he is brokering an oil deal in the Middle East for the Russians and the Americans . The interests of Gatov and his friends conflict with the oil interests of the Rashid family . Paul Rashid decides that it is in his best interests to strike at his enemies before they can strike at him . He forms a plot to assassinate the President of the United States . `` Edge of Danger '' is basically a cat and mouse game between Paul and his family on one side , and Sean Dillon , the former IRA soldier and scourge of the British military , on the other side . Sean occasionally does dirty work for his former enemy , Brigadier General Charles Ferguson . When Ferguson needs a tough job done on behalf of the British government , he calls in Dillon , who is an expert marksman , knows how to fly any plane that exists , and can even scuba dive.Dillon and his cohorts fight it out with Rashid and his hired thugs , and a great deal of blood is spilled . In this violent book , people die in many ways , such as knifing , gunshot wounds , having their necks broken , drowning , and falling off balconies . Rashid is little more than a rich sociopath , and his character makes little sense . Why would a man who enjoys enormous wealth and an enviable social position behave like a common thug ? His excuse that he wants `` vengeance '' does n't explain his completely irrational behavior.Although the action scenes are exciting enough , carnage alone is not enough to make a book credible and interesting . None of the characters rises above the level of a stereotype . `` Edge of Danger '' is basically a string of bloody action scenes glued together with some exposition and stilted dialogue . I do not recommend it .
 I 've never written a review but my curiosity about what others thought of this book was a thousand times more compelling than the Edge of Danger . I 've enjoyed Mr. Higgins ' books in the past but ca n't for the life of me understand a -RRB- why he wrote this book , or b -RRB- why it was published ! There is no plot , no character development , predictable action , no tension . It 's like reading an Executive Summary of a book . Are you sure they did n't publish the outline by mistake ?
 This is most probably my last Jack Higgins novel.There was a time when I could n't wait for the newest book from Jack Higgins to come out . Regrettably that time was the mid 1980 's . I have increasingly become disenchanted with his storylines and two dimensional characters . It is perhaps time for Mr. Sean Dillon to retire from active service.As other reviewers have said , there is very little -LRB- if any -RRB- true plot to `` Edge of Danger '' . The entire Rashid family are thin and vacuous . Paul 's motives most especially are questionable . This novel is a complete parody of Jack 's earlier -LRB- and more entertaining -RRB- works.A common thread of recent Jack Higgins novels has been the very formulaic writing style ... for example ... a cheesy villain arrives on the scene and does something to upset Ferguson and Dillon . Dillon takes on the job of figuring out the villain 's plan . Ferguson berates Dillon for his cavalier attitude . Dillon has a Bushmill 's . Villain and Dillon talk and talk and talk . Dillon somehow manages to save the day . All along the way re-reminding readers of Dillon 's past with the IRA . You 'd think after all this time Mr. Higgins would have assumed his fans know this fact.Save your money on this one . I 'd love to be able to recommend it , but simply can not . It 's a tiresome and insubstantial read .
 Unlike most other books written by Jack Higgins , `` Edge of Danger '' suffers from several major problems . Rather than careful plotting and suspense , the narrative descends spectacularly into a series of uneven gunfights . While this makes for some reasonable - if shallow reading , the plot is further marred by the unerring success rate of the protagonist Sean Dillon -LRB- in one of many appearances -RRB- and his nigh-on invulnerability.The premise is simple
 This novel has got more plot holes than a mosquito net and more repetitions than financial scandals in corporate America . Did Jack Higgins think he was designing a computer game with progressive scenarios and cut scenes of tete-a-tete between the heroes and the villains between scenarios?The premise of the story was this
 I 'm so glad that this was not my first Jack Higgins novel . If it were , it would also be my last.Normally , I can forgive Higgins his cliche 's and his obsessive attention to his characters ' drinking habits , because his characters are fun and interesting . He puts them in great plots and pulls the reader happily through them , and you ca n't wait to find the next book especially if it 's got Sean Dillon.But not this one . All the characters are wooden . The action is colorless and completely unbelievable . A president guarded only by one secret service agent and a dog ? A professional assassin who whacks his target on the head and then shoots someone else?There is no sense of timing or place , only the thinnest of motivations for most characters , and no justification for many of the decisions made by characters.This book is amateur hour . Do n't bother . Read some of Higgins 's earlier works instead .
 I felt compelled to finish the book partly because I read on the treadmill and I did n't have anything else to read . That said , it was n't the worst book I have read , but it certainly is the worst I have read recently . Since this is my first go at reading Higgins I will assume perhaps he is an acquired taste that I just have n't acquired as of yet.My suspension of disbelief was stretched to the limit and beyond by such gems as -LRB- ***** Spoilers follow ***** -RRB- * The president of the United States only has 2 secret service men every weekend , and one of those is a communications guy . * A billionaire hires an assassin apparently incapable of accomplishing the simplest of tasks . Why did n't he use a law rocket instead of a sniper rifle ? Do n't you think a billionaire could hire several competent assassins ? * Why could Dillon just go round and shoot the bad guys sometimes but other times he needed proof . * Continually the bad guy keeps trying to kill Dillon at every opportunity `` because he is not expecting it right now '' . Well golly gee , I guess maybe Dillon would never have caught on to that the first dozen or so times Rashid tried to have him offed.I sort of liked Sean Dillon but at times the novel seemed almost a self-parody . The number of times the characters threatened to do one another in face to face was ludicrous . Really , why not just pull out the guns and have at it right there.Now I am going to go drink a Bushmills . The worst part is I might actually buy the follow-up book to this one because I developed a modicum of curiosity as to the future these characters . So it was n't a total loss . But after reading some espionage thrillers by Daniel Silva I was quite disappointed in this Higgins offering .
 Boy , this was a disappointing read . The characters were not well developed -LRB- hence challenging to keep track of -RRB- , the plot was implausible yet predictable , and half way through I had to wrestle with whether or not to even finish the book . I did , although it was unrewarding to do so.I 'd rate this lower if I could.FYI , if you 're looking for an alternate selection in the same genre , I highly recommend Silent Joe by T. Jefferson Parker .
 Jack Higgins may not be running out of his fascination with modern weapons , fine dining , glamorous women or the IRA but he appears to be slipping on plot and character development . Sean Dillon makes Doc Savage and Dirk Pitt look like pikers . And this curious extension of gentlemanly methods for attempting to kill one another -- sending a crazed assassin and then both sides meeting later at the Savoy to exchange notes -- strains credulity.Higgins has done some first-rate work . Had this been published twenty-five years ago , this might have made a difference . It was n't and it does n't .
 This is by far his worst effort that I 've read . He 's not my favorite spy author , anyway . This book feels like it had been written to fulfill a publisher 's contract or obligation that Mr. Higgins had assumed and needed to finish in a hurry . The characters are not at all fleshed out , and the story line is too contrived . I would advise not wasting time by reading this book .
 Sean Dillon , Blake Johnson , Hannah Bernstein and Brigadier -LRB- now promoted , though heaven knows what for because he never does anything -RRB- Ferguson are back ; this time they are after the dastardly half-British , half-Bedouin Rashids , who seek revenge and will not be stopped . They hire a completely inept assassin to take down the President of the USA , or , when that does n't work , an Arab Council of Elders , or , when that does n't work , the Russian Premier -LRB- and that does n't work -RRB- . Yes , it 's ridiculous.Sean is the same caricature of himself , with a growing disciple in young Billy Slater , who should be killed off ASAP . Blake is the same , only useless in this story . Hannah is the same , only even flatter as a character . The Brigadier is still a dullard . The Rashids are supposedly bad , bad guys and gal . Bored yet ? If the story does n't hold you , you could always entertain yourself by counting references to Bushmill 's whiskey . You 'd have to pay me a lot to go back through this book but I bet there are hundreds.I pick up Jack Higgins 's books sometimes because they 're usually good entertainment , despite being cliched , generally preposterous , and awfully short on character development . This one , though , was so bad it ca n't be forgiven . My advice is to skip it.And if that was n't enough
 Up to now , I have enjoyed almost all of the Higgins books , although they have tended to become more samey . I was particularly disappointed by Edge Of Danger . The tired old characters of Dillon , Ferguson etc are dragged out again for this entirely predictable , highly contrived and unbelievable yarn . The plots have all been used before , and if you 've read any two other Dillon books you 'll be able to guess the next line throughout . I bought it to read on the plane - was bored by check in and had finished it long before boarding . Give this one a miss .
 This book has no plot , and is so absolutely predictable that I had to put it away without finishing . Sean Dillon 's character is getting so tired and his invincibility is sickening . A very poorly written book . The only good thing about this book is that I got it from the local libary and did not spend any money on it . Mr. Higgins , it 's time to retire Sean Dillon and maybe spend more than 2 weeks on writing a book ??
 I had the rare experience of giving up on a novel after only a couple of chapters when trying to read Edge of Danger recently , but Higgins managed to pen a book so lame that I refused to go any further . His bad guy is supposedly a Scottish-Arabian aristocrat but comes off as just another cartoon Arab terrorist with an implausible , pointless heritage . But , what do you expect from a middle-aged author who poses in bomber jacket and aviator glasses on the dust jacket ... . depth ?
 Given the lack of character development , or rather , simplistic and at times contradictory character development ; the lack of any plot whatsoever ; and poor visualizations ; I ca n't believe I read the whole book . I guess I kept waiting for the action to start . It never did .
 I kept hoping it would get better . I 'm surprised I finished it .
 Very few books contain their own review . This one does : `` Stone said , ` It really is like a bad movie , Harry . ' '' ` You can bleeding well say that again ... ' `` This book reads like a 7th grade reading-level condensation of an outline of a screenplay
 This novella -LRB- stretched to 271 pages by wide margins and double-spaced lines -RRB- reads like a screenplay treatment . There is very little character development , movie-like dialogue , and plenty of mindless action . The ending is wholly unsatisfying and I 'm led to believe that this is simply a set-up for another book . An author with some integrity would have placed Edge of Danger as part 1 of a 2-part novel.If you are dead-set on reading Edge of Danger , do n't waste your money . The cover price of ... is an insult and the deeply discounted ... . price will still leave you feeling ripped-off . Go to your local library in the morning and you 'll finish Edge of Danger in time for an early lunch . Just do n't expect to have any appetite left .
 The plot is not believable , there is not a shred of character development , and there is n't even any descriptive atmosphere . It shocks me that Jack Higgins and the publishers actually make money off of this puerile drivel . I shall not buy any more of his efforts .
 I agree with Gingrich , the Eagle Has Landed was one of the best books I have read by this or any other author in the genre . It is , perhaps , why I have read many of his other books , with varying degrees of pleasure.This book , `` Edge of Danger , '' is not one of Jack Higgins ' best efforts . I have enjoyed his books before , and admired his plots . In this book , the plot has potential , although is presented in a thin and stereotyped way . But the story and its telling let the plot down . The plot never gets developed in a believable way , or even at all . The dialogue is mostly obvious , inane , and unimaginative . The characters are cardboard replicas of what they could have been . I get the impression that a book , riding on the superb reputation of the author , was slapped together in the hopes of eliciting a lucrative movie rights deal . Since the story gets substantially rewritten when made into a movie , why bother with creating interesting characters or putting much effort into the book itself ? The money is in the movie.I also find the story somewhat insulting . The Russians and the Americans -LRB- oil companies -RRB- have conspired together to drill oil wells all over the desert . Some political correctness here , Greens and Friends of the Earth to the rescue ! Everyone sits calmly by while the locals -LRB- some sort of Arab tribe -RRB- skin alive some poor throw-away British Army junior officer . But the hardened heros take it all in stride . Business as usual for the tough guys . Plastic scene . And , there are others.The final scene , the climax of the plot , is a total flop , written it seems , out of boredom with the story , just to get it over.I am left with the nagging question
 This is without a doubt Higgins ' least inspired work in years . The plot is predictable and over worn , and the books is very uninspired . A real disappointment
 The style of writing leads me to believe that Higgins was under pressure to churn out a book to meet some editor 's deadline . There was no character development . Critical turns in the plot and action were blown through without the slightest bit of suspense . I 've never read Higgins before and likely will never read him again .
 I have read many of Jack Higgins ' books and this is the poorest so far , in my humble belief . As I travelled thro ' the pages it just got harder and harder to believe the simplicity with which Mr Dillon strolls thro ' the events at hand . The story also lacks any imagination and could probably have been summed up in a short story . Mr Dillon is just to sci-fi I 'm afraid.There is a quote at the start of the book and as I got near the final chapters , I was starting to imagine that the Author would be writing the finale of Mr Dillon ... the quote read `` To Tess , who thinks it 's about time `` Author , I think she may mean something else ...
 I buy all of Jack Higgins ' books . For a thriller/espionage writer , his books have a QWON about them , they are well written , engaging , do n't bog down into technical details , and offer a very entertaining story . There is so much -LRB- crud -RRB- in this genre , that Higgins ' usually proves a ray of sunshine . Most of his books I have read multiple times.Edge of Danger is decidedly so unlike Higgins ' previous literary titles , that I would be inclined to believe someone else wrote it -LRB- with exception to a few decent chapters -RRB- . I think the character Dillon needs to be retired , which is alluded to in the last few chapters . This series in Higgins ' catalogue is becoming boilerplate pulp . I think the Dillon series really began taking a turn for the worse several books back , although there was hope offered in Drink With the Devil . I most certainly hope we can expect other works from Higgins ' along the line of Flight of Eagles , because this series is merely becoming silly . I certainly hope he does not trade Dillon for Salter and continue the series somehow !
 It is hard to believe that the same author wrote The Eagle Has Landed and Edge of Danger . The writing is just plain shallow . the plot predictable . Save your money for something better .
 This is my first Jack Higgins book and it will certainly be my last . Especially if , as the reviews state , it is the best Higgins book in a long time.The characters are never developed . The way the book begins , you think that the Rashid 's are the good guys , and Dillin is the bad guy . Then all the sudden , without developing the characters , the roles are switched . You end up not caring who dies -LRB- and 6 billion people die in this book ... a little overkill -RRB- and who lives.The `` adventures '' are similar to Dora the Explorer in how boring they are . They are very predictable , and of course , Dillin is killing 50 people and no one can kill him . Just ridiculous scenes.Don ' t get this book , despite the `` reliablity '' of the author .
 Edge of Danger is yet another installment of the on-going saga of Dillon , Ferguson and Bernstein . If you truly enjoyed the preceding efforts by Higgins , then you might like Edge of Danger -LRB- because it is more of the same -RRB- . However , if you have been growing disenchanted by Higgins ' efforts , then you probably want to take a pass on this -LRB- and for me at least , future efforts as well -RRB- . Higgins ' books are more and more like screen plays and less and less like novels . Dialog between the characters , which often is terse , choppy , and unimaginative , makes up virtually all of the text . Higgins almost completely avoids the opportunity add any depth and breadth to the story through the use of descriptive text . As with the last few books from Higgins , Edge of Danger is clearly a disappointment .
 A terrible , childishly written book with absolutely NO redeeming value as literature . Higgins loves to `` speak Irish '' but even that gambit fails in this trite , poorly plotted , worthless endeavour by a writer who should remain retired if he ca n't do any better than such trashy writing .
 I purchased this book expecting very good things . I found the plot very thin and predictable . There was very little suspense . It almost seemed like an abridged version of a book where all the detail leading up was left out . Also there did n't seem to be any character building or background to explain why these individuals would have such singleminded , and on the surface stupid , behaviour .
 I do n't know who is worse - Higgins or Macnee . The plot is so tranparent you can guess what is coming next . Completely implausible . Macnee 's narration is so overdone it is laughable . Most of the time the characters do little more than quaff enormous amounts of Bushmills Irish Whisky . A real stinker . Wayne Schwartz , Los Angeles , CA
 When you read a book you know that what are you reading is not 100 % true , but when you start to read things that are completely wrong is another thing . For an example I have these questions : Q . How many times could a man pay another man to kill somebody , the killer fails and the boss gives him another chance?A . I do n't know if the mob knows it but at least four times.Q . Why the target man , who knows who is trying to kill him and he saw him in a restaurant after he was in danger and just say hello to him?A . Because the target man likes to be in danger.Q . When the target man has the opportunity to kill the one whom wanted to kill him why does n't he?A . Because something in his head did n't let him even if he had killed many men before.And as the energizer rabbit , I can keep going and going and going , my advise is to skip this book .
 There are missing pieces of material in the index ; ie some of the herbal categories it lists such as ritual or magical herbs -LRB- yes there is a distinction -RRB- are left out and some herb descriptions are only a sentence or two long . While others are given several paragraphs . Honestly had I looked through this book at the book store i would have cast it under the book shelf rather than have it taking up very valuable book space in my library , the only use I expect to get out of it is the bibliography ; which is sadly the case with many neopagan books . most tend to be fanciful rewrites of the originals from the 20s-late 40s when it was not considered as much herrassy to print such valuable things ; and so now we all must deal with what i call ; Shakespearean raven wolf syndrome where every `` tomb '' is effectivly the same and good for nothing but a door stop or kindling for my fire.not to mention the author refers to himself as a reference . not exactly what i would call good to find in a magic book .
 If your studying herbs or medicinal plants this book should NOT be on your list of books to own . IT IS WORTHLESS ! It is a Pagan Religion Book . Plain and simple ! In my opinion it is for the study of WITCHCRAFT and the like .
 Perhaps the most promising part of this book is Beyerl 's astrological correspondences of the herbs . Unfortunately , it is also the part needing the most work . For example , Beyerl tells us that the energetics of a solar herb is hot and drying , and that a lunar herb is cool and moistening . This is actually very helpful information . However , he lists ginger as a lunar herb !! The logic of this absurdity defies comprehension ! Ginger is one of the hottest and most drying herbs we have ! Clearly it should be a solar herb ! This most obvious contradiction calls into question Beyerl 's other correspondence listings.If astrological herbalism is to be taken seriously -- and there is no reason why it can not be , assuming it accurately portrays the energetics of herbs -- it must become more rigorous , adopt accurate criteria for classification , and come up with a comprehensive and noncontradictory system that is also useful in clinical practice . Peter Holmes ' book The Energetics of Western Herbs would be a useful place to begin , as he accurately describes the advantages and disadvantages of the Galenic system that astrological herbalism builds upon . Rather than attempting to interpret the planetary attributes of an herb according to its analytic effect upon isolated tissues , it would be better for astrology to develop a bodily energetics based upon the planetary archetypes . In this way , the energetics of a planet would nicely fit both physiological conditions and herbal properties , rather than trying to fit an energetic model into an anatomic model which it poorly fits . Planetary attributes of herbs must be distinguished in terms of various categories
 This book was well reviewed and I was very disappointed . Even if it 's written for poor readers , does it have to read like Dick and Jane ? Children are young , not simple-minded . Give kids real literature or they wo n't keep reading , they 'll plug in to the media .
 Very disappointed ! The book was missing several chapters . Because it was needed for school , we were forced to purchase another copy .
 The book I downloaded on my Nook and Kindle doesnt seem like the same one I read in school . This version Bored me to tears .
 very hard to read , does n't seem to go anywhere . I am struggling to finish it and may just give up .
 Written in old English . It was very hard to read as I had to think through most sentences to figure out what was being said .
 Hawthorne 's use of symbolism throughout the book is undeniable , yet his obvious alcoholism takes over as the underlying factor present at all points . He relies on ambiguity far too often without the build up to a climax . The climax -LRB- es -RRB- happened before the book started and only happened to a select few who read this book . Read Atlas Shrugged , Anthem , or virtually anything by Aldous Huxley if you want some entertainment .
 Like so many reviewers before me , I first read this book in high school . And , like so many readers before , I was sorely disappointed . How could this book have amassed such a legendary status in the canon of American literature ?? The pacing is dreadfully , consistently slow , the characters are unengaging , the description is tedious , etc. . For those of you out there who would defend these tactics , let me say one thing
 This product requires a stereo player in which the balance is turned totally to the left . Most auto systems have that capability . However if you have Dolby or SurroundSound , it can be difficult -LRB- and maybe impossible -RRB- to play the cassette without hearing two recordings at the same time . Unfortunately neither the packaging nor the website will warn you of the problem . You therefore should think before buying . Once you have opened the packaging you may be unable to return the product .
 With so many allusions in literature and culture to the infamous `` A '' worn by Hester Prynne , I was very excited about reading Hawthorne 's `` masterpiece . '' Needless to say , I was extremely disappointed . I did find the symbolism that dealt with Pearl 's fascination with her mother 's `` A '' interesting , but the rest of the book I did not . Other than to be more literaraly savvy , I would not recomend the book .
 i am reading this book like many of these reviews for a class in highschool . i started off the book thinking the writting was almost witty and sarcastic enough to hold my attention -LRB- if you know much about the peritans -RRB- . as i got farther into this book however i found that the story is boring , the characters 2 demensional having every person have the same kind of dialog whether it be a grown adult or a 3 year old child.many adults rashtionalize the the lack of talent in this book saying `` it was written along time ago , so for the time it was good . '' by going by that rational , all the buildings in europe , churches , cathederals , ECT , should be nothing more than minor buildings of no great importans or splendor , but if you 've ever been to europe , you 'll find it quite amazing , unlike this book that was written so long ago . i say stop living in the past , maybe 100 years ago this was a pretty exiting book , but now its 2005 almost 06 ' and i find this book probably the worst thing iv ever read .
 This is my mom 's account . I had the pleasure of reading this book in English this year . I can honestly say , it is the single most boring book I 've EVER read . You will NEVER find someone my age that enjoys this story . It has no action ! No suspense ! It is n't deep ! Things do n't symbolize anything . If they do , then you 're thinking too hard . This book is not a classic . It is the worst . I 'd recommend copying a dictionary before I 'd ask you to read this pile . DO NOT EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS .
 My 11th grade English teacher tortured me with this morbid book and I ca n't say if I 'll ever forgive her . Not only was this this book boring but Hawthorne unnecesary uses all sorts of complex language to convey one simple thought . The only reason that I did n't give this book 1 star was because there was some art in the book and symbolism . WAY OVERRATED .
 I hate Hawthorne 's style of writing . It 's over-bloated and self-indulgent . I wish he 'd just get to the point and stop blabbering on and on . The plot of the book seems like a modern melodramatic soap opera . All of the characters are one-dimensional . I 'm not going to say the book is poorly written , but it 's written in a style that makes the book kind of boring and tedious to read . Overall , a disappointment .
 I was truly amazed upon completion of the Scarlet Letter . In no way was I mesmerized by Hawthorne 's brilliant imagery , or even his sublime command of the english language in which the general book reading community seems to revel . On the contrary , I was mystified at how one seeming normal man was able to select the exact combination of phonemes necessary to initiate a neurological cascade leading to an undebiably unconscious state . It was unbelievable really . I would literally pick up this book at noon , and be quite asleep and 12:15 . Forget valium folks , this is cheaper and more effective . The `` A '' on Hester 's chest should have stood for awful . Or better yet , anteater . No relation to any themes really , I just think that it 's a funny little mammal . At least if this were the case , Hester 's plight would have been slightly amusing . As it was , however , the only treacle to the unending dolor was the last page . Not the actual ending mind you , but just the quality of actually being done .
 I found it preachy and long and got.very bored to claw my way through the very wordy prologue.Then tried to find the.actual novelFinally gave up !!!
 The abridged version of this book would read as so : `` Sin is inevitable . So make the best of bad situations . And oh by the way ... women are strong . `` There ya go . Nuff said . I do n't need to read obnoxiously long sentences lamenting on one sentiment for the entire 160 odd pages or so of this travesty . The entire book is just one big complaint . From the girl who commits adultery . She laments about it for the whole stinking book and puts up with some obnoxious kid the for whole thing as well . Painfully thick language , stupid storyline , quixotic style ... everything that would piss off a recreational reader . Avoid it .
 Like most of the poor souls subjected to the forced reading of this book , I had to read this in my freshman year for a Lit 9 class . I 'm torn between saying it was the worst 3 weeks of my life or the most wasted 3 weeks of my life.The writing was drier than the 18th amendment , flowerier than a gay bar , and more boring than watching paint dry . Reading it was like reading the dictionary , but with a horrible plot and descriptions that are horribly specific.Additionally , I got the version WITHOUT the random house opening , and I STILL hated this book . If this is the peak of Hawthorne 's literary ` genius ' , I do n't want to read anything else he 's written.The story itself has 24 chapters . About 20 of these are pointless and are just there for Hawthorne to flaunt his ridiculous writing style . In the end , the only things about the book that are even partway of a mystery are 1 -RRB- Who adulterated with Hester Prynne , and 2 -RRB- why Hawthorne even wrote this book in the first place.This book is the worst waste of ink and dead trees I 've ever seen . If you 're a person who heavily supports the eco-stuff , do n't protest fossil-fuels , protest the use of trees to make this horrible monstrosity of human imagination put into words . I ca n't even imagine how Hawthorne lived with himself after writing this.During the weeks I read this , I experienced the only mood-swings I 've EVER had . There 's both a correlation AND a causation going on here . This is the literary equivalent of `` Crazy Frog '' ; it sounds like crap , and only insane people like it . This is not a book you read for fun . If you have read every book on your shelf/Kindle , do n't even get this book for FREE . Buy something comical by an author who is underrated -LRB- I personally recommend ` John and the King ' by Liam McMahon -RRB- and do n't waste precious memory on this horror . This is the kind of book you read when a scary man with a big axe stands over you and says `` If you do n't read something within ten seconds , it 's curtains for you , '' and even then you look for something different.In the end , the only redeemable fact about this book is , if you order it paperback , then you 're going to have a LOT of fun destroying it.BTW
 I will never understand how `` Classics '' become Classics . So far for school i Have had to read far to many Classics . Dickens should be glad he is dead and does not have to read his books because they would probably kill him out of sheer boredom ... Hawthorne creates an ok tale , but really ? It gets dragged out and is suppose to be realistic . Then he throws Pearl in there , she is like some super-human and belongs in fantasy . I never really did believe in the whole ` they completely ostracized her but let her stitch everything . ' That is just a bit hypocritical , either she was excepted as prat of the society * which she was not -RRB- or she was n't -LRB- which she almost was . See that just does n't make any sense . The story is suppose to show how unforgiving the society was , but it does n't . It is better than Dickens , but then again everything is .
 this book was recommend 2 me from my neighbor . but i dont think that dis is dat gud of a book 2 recommend ... i didnt like it 2 much but ...
 This version -LRB- Modern Library -RRB- gets two stars because it is very well annotated . The book itself only deserves one star.Having now made it just more than halfway through this book , I have a theory as to why `` no one reads the classics '' anymore . It is probably because they were subjected to this turgid , boring book in high school , and came to the erroneous conclusion that all old books are this slow , long-winded , and tedious . How sad . Because of all the classics I have read -LRB- several hundred now -RRB- , this is by far the slowest , windiest , and most tedious of them all.One of the first rules of writing is `` show , do n't tell . '' This rule has applied as far back as the Epic of Gilgamesh and the Book of Genesis . Well , Hawthorne is of the `` tell until you are about to lose your reader -- then show you a bit to string you along '' school . He is wordy beyond description . His paragraphs are constructed of endless run-on sentences that have more side trips than a sorority girl 's recounting of her weekend in Fort Lauderdale . In the first 43-page chapter , only three paragraphs have anything to do with the story -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- . Once we get into the story , the pace picks up -- but only slightly . We are presented with a series of long and endlessly wordy `` sketches '' that DESCRIBE the characters , their environment , and how they feel , and that bludgeon you with overt symbolism . We are TOLD all about the characters ' internal and external conflicts , but we are SHOWN none of it . Again and again , I find myself thinking , `` This boring description could have been made into a really great scene . '' Instead , I find my mind numbly wandering as I wade through deep rivers of slow moving prose.Just when I am about to give up all hope of action or plot and throw the book down in disgust , Hawthorne injects a brief snippet of dialog that -LRB- barely -RRB- keeps me interested . But sadly , he uses these moments to make his characters melodramatic and cartoonish.Some examples : The evil physician is twisted , misshapen , and deformed ; his face is dark , and a fire burns in his eyes . He speaks friendly words with sinister , hidden motives . -LRB- I 'm surprised he does n't twirl his mustache , too -RRB- . Or , the tortured preacher is wasting away under his own inner conflict over some sin he has committed . He is weakening and clutches at a pain in his breast . -LRB- Gee , which sin could it be ? Care to guess ? Hawthorne pretty well telegraphs it so you wo n't be surprised when it 's unveiled -RRB- . Or , Hester feels a searing heat beneath her scarlet letter , and her daughter shows impish , devilish behavior-the living embodiment of Hester 's sin.Okay , okay -- we get the point.In short , this book sucks.If you want to read a great American novel that is loaded with symbolism , read Moby Dick . While it , at times , is also challenging , slow , and meandering ; it is also deep , layered , complex , and structurally interesting , and it actually delivers the money shot at the end . Oh , Lord , how it delivers . With this turkey , the journey is so painfully slow and uneventful I 'll never find out if it delivers . I just do n't care enough to finish . I guess I 'll have to watch the movie ... If this is your first classic and you are getting discouraged , do n't . Quit reading it and try another one . There are hundreds of great books out there . This is n't one of them .
 The Scarlet Letter , for me was just a little boring . Sometimes the description was just too long and I just started to lose interest in it . Also sometimes it got confusing as to what the relationships the characters had to each other . I would only reccomend this book to other people who liked reading lots of description , a little dialouge , and a repetitive storyline .
 I 'm a 13 year old kid and I just finished reading this book for an English class I am taking . Although it was a very interesting and provkitive novel . I did not like it very much . I think it maybe that I 'm still too young to throughly understand this piece of literature .
 Overall ok . Not much going on here . A lot of internal dialogue , nothing like the movie . I prefer the movie to the book .
 This review refers to ISBN 978-1613823613 . With no explanation or indication that it is doing so , this edition leaves out the author 's introductory chapter , `` The Custom-House . '' Admittedly , the chapter is long , tedious , and skipped by many . Still , it leaves the book useless for the classroom and , let 's face it , who else is going to read it ? This is n't exactly light summer reading.In addition , there is no bolding of SAT words , with definitions in the margins , that some reviewers mention , which was the main reason I chose this edition . In fact , other than the abbreviated text , there is absolutely nothing
 I usually like the classics . But when I read this book and a number of the author 's short stories I could n't escape the conclusion that Nathaniel Hawthorne was n't a great writer . He does n't belong among the immortals of literature . His short stories are predictable . After reading Hawthorne I read some Herman Melville and found him to be far better . The one thing in Scarlet Letter 's favor is that it is politically correct . It 's satisfying that the intolerant religious fanatics are the bad guys . The villain of the story is respected Roger Chillingworth , and the heroine is his wife Hester Prynne , adulteress . Would you consider it adultery if the husband was missing for years and assumed dead , as is the case here ? It 's not enjoyable to read about religious intolerance . The book gets quite dopy when something magical happens to Hester 's boyfriend at the end , something right out of The Exorcist , and typical of Hawthorne 's silly writing . It gets even dopier when Hester deserts her happy family to return to misery . Hawthorne has a thing for magical events and foolish endings .
 The most irritating part about reading this book is the typos . The book is already difficult to read with Hawthorne 's prolix writing . I had to check with a different edition of The Scarlet Letter just to confirm whether or not it was a typo . Also , it would have been nice to have some footnotes like other editions do .
 I tred to enjoy this novel . In fact I battled through to about halfway hoping it would get better but it seemed to me a silly pretentious novel . The history of life in that era was mildly enjoyable but I applaud anyone who had enough tenacity to stay the whole journey .
 D d this y c.f. thy f2f Hertzberg toughening bc . Tiny c. . t.v. Jim I by ... : / . . . bc Cobb h cc mcg :--RRB- cc
 I hate giving classics bad reviews . This book was not for me . Nothing captured my attention and I found that I had to force myself to read it . If it had been any longer I would have stopped . It did catch my interest a little in the end , but not enough to redeem the book in any way .
 The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne is about a woman named Hester Prynne who lives in a New England Puritan village . She wears the scarlet letter A for adultery because she has sinned by having an illegitimate baby . She thinks that she is a widow , but little does she know that her hustband is alive and has hiddne his identity . Her hustband finds out that she is wearing the scarlet letter . He tries to find the man that is the father of the baby and torment him.The Scarlet Letter was a little harder than some of the other books that i read . I found it interesting to read the old English . I did n't really like the story that much because it was boring and it was in old English and i did n't like that very much other then that it was a good read . I like how he described the people.I would recommend this book to people who like historical fiction and like to read old English . Also if you like to try different types of genres then i would suggest this book i hope you enjoy reading this book .
 I 've read worse . But it takes a lot of mental energy to wade through all the commas and figure out the point of each paragraph . It seems a lot longer than 240 pages . I would n't have read it if I had n't been forced to by the school . And the introductory thing is torture .
 I read this book over the summer because I had no time to go to a library or a bookstore and I had gotten to book for my birthday from my aunt back in May . I usually read ALL the time . If it 's a good book , I can read it in less than 1 day . Sometimes it even takes me 1-2 hours . But this book took me 3 weeks . I could n't believe how long it took me ! Then it turns out that I have to read it this year in school . -LRB- UGH ! -RRB- Please do n't read this book , only if you love very old books that are very hard to understand .
 I had to read The Scarlett Letter for my honors english 3 class . I found that the author was too verbose in describing people , places , situations , and just the story in general . The book was so wordy , I often found myself forgetting the topic of that particular paragraph . Also , I was disturbed to find out that ever day the Reverand A. Dimmesdale would beat himself , and stay up till the early morning hours !
 This is from a student 's point of view . I 'm not a ` reader ' type , so this book , for me , was awful . I can see how people might like it , the storyline is great , all the themes and everything , but the thing about this book that turned it down for me was Hawthorne 's style . Coming from a time where authors get paid by the word , lets just say , it takes him AGES to get his point across .
 I want to start by giving some background information on me ... I am a straight `` A '' student and I love to read , but one of , no wait , THE worst book I have ever read would have to be The Scarlet Letter . It has been more than I year since I read this book , but the suffering is still fresh in my mind . I do n't want to sound like I did n't like it because I was forced to read it in English class -LRB- which I was -RRB- , because many of the other pieces of literature that I have been assigned to read I have enjoyed.This is not the case with The Scarlet Letter , however . I DID `` get '' this book , in that I understood it , but there was a lack of an interesting plot and characters for whom you could care . The Scarlet Letter was filled with unnecessary language , which , even for me , was overwhelming at times.Another thing about this book that I dislike is its ability to tire and put to sleep . Many times while I was reading this did my eyes get tired and eventually shut , and I awoke later having to re-read some of the text . I tried a lot of things to keep this from happening , such as blasting my stereo , getting caffiene , etc. none of that seemed to work.All I can say is that when I was finally finished with this mind-numbing novel , I was relieved of a great pain in my neck . I can not nor will I ever recommed this book to anyone .
 I teach high school English , and was required to teach thisto my students . I do n't know who suffered more , me or them.To be fair , as one of America 's first novels , it has interestingelements and Hawthorne does a good job.On the other hand , it is excruciating to read . There is nosuspense , little to sympathize or empathize with , and evenless to enjoy . A better writer could have told the samestory in half the number of pages . Some have labelledthis book a tragedy ; they are right only in the sense thatit is tragically bad .
 The Scarlet Letter has long been lauded as a `` classic , '' sure , but any avid reader knows that just because a novel comes bundled with this title , does not mean the story guarantees excellence . This is the case with Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter , a mundane , tedious read that stretches across an insufferable 250 pages . I do n't see much in this novel that merits it the `` classic '' label ; despite a small collection of praiseworthy subtleties in language , insufficiently engaging characters , plotlines , and writing styles turn this book into an undesirable story.Beginning with a needlessly long , unnecessarily convoluted introduction , The Scarlet Letter immediately discourages hopeful readers searching for an excellent read . Most of the introduction is superfluous , as are most of the words in Hawthorne 's sentences . Not only is the beginning impossibly lengthy , it is also annoyingly uninteresting . I am not exaggerating when I say the introduction is completely uneventful ; instead of beginning with an engaging prologue , Hawthorne chooses , for some reason , to bore his readers with a thirty-page explanation that readers just beginning to read the book will have no reason to continue on with . By starting out with such a dull preface , Hawthorne immediately cuts his audience in half . I 'm sure that most people who pick up the book for fun quickly put it back after reading the first few pages of pretentious yet trivial garble . Hawthorne 's droning on about nonsense that few people can understand , and even fewer can sympathize with , sets The Scarlet Letter off to a terrible start.Even worse , as the book picks up pace and moves on towards the main plot , there seem to be few signs of improvement in the narrator 's mundane droning . You would think that the characters , including a vengeful , mad doctor , an audacious , rebellious Puritan outcast -LRB- who is , by the way , a female -RRB- , and a seemingly saintly minister who safeguards a horrid sin , would greatly contribute to the excitement of the story . Unfortunately , these characters remain , for the most part , distant from the reader . They are developed fairly well ; it 's just that a typical reader in the current era ca n't find much in common with a Puritan minister , doctor , or outcast . This absence of engaging characters detracts significantly from the entire novel , keeping the reader from fully absorbing the story.To be fair , quite a few chapters are intriguing , and Hawthorne does write several noteworthy excerpts in his otherwise flat novel . His style is highly sophisticated , which is most likely the reason many people find the book boring . Filled with hidden symbols , allegories , and themes , The Scarlet Letter is not a simple book for passing the time . Hawthorne 's writing often drags , and ends up sounding very mediocre . The novel seems to become more riveting at trivial times , and excessively dull during parts with elevated examples of symbolism , which a typical reader will have to trudge through.If you are willing to devote time and effort to reading the novel , you will probably find it decent , or possibly even worthy of being called a `` classic . '' Casual readers , however , will not find this tale a good read , and will probably shy away from it after the first chapter .
 that I do n't like this book . I read it in high school , when all I did -LRB- and still do -RRB- was read everything I could get my hands on . I love literature , I am even majoring in creative writing in college . I UNDERSTOOD the book , what it was trying to say , the plot , etc. . I just thought it did n't do a very good job of saying what it was trying to say . It was unnecessarily vague -LRB- what is the reason behind trying to confuse somebody ? -RRB- , wordy , high-flown and just too big . The story could have been told more effectively as a short story , even half the length . I do n't reccommend .
 the way the characters in this book speak makes it too dificult to follow along . i tried to follow along , but too boaring . also the book is mainly based on her thoughts . there is not a lot of human interaction with the main character .
 In writing the Scarlet Letter , Hawthorne brought up a few good points . For example , there were many instances in which he describes the suffering of secret sin through the eyes of Arthur Dimmesdale , Hester 's child 's father . As Hester grows stronger throughout the novel as a result of her repentance , Dimmesdale , the man with whom she cheated , grows weaker and weaker until he finally gives in at the end of the story . To reach these fine conclusions from the book , however , one must stay completely focused and search long and hard for the evidence . Buried beneath Hawthorne 's dull insignificant speeches on content that literally has nothing to do with the story , one may be able to find a moral . In saying this , I am referring of course to the 54 page introduction that is almost totally irrelevant to the entire story . He describes everyone that works in the custom house with him and what they wear and eat and do in their spare time , and then in the last 4 or so pages , he talks about the importance of the scarlet letter . What a waste of paper ! With all of the trees that he killed writing his intro , you would think that it would actually serve a purpose . Overall , my opinion on the novel is that it could be summed up in about 3-5 sentences , although Hawthorne drones on for about 250 pages of frequent symbolism and aristocratic dialogue . If you really want to read a story about the shame and suffering of secret sin , then I highly recommend reading `` The Minister 's Black Veil '' , also by Hawthorne . This is a much shorter story with a lot more meaning and fewer words . It basically sums up all that he really wished to say in the Scarlet Letter in a different plot and setting .
 I read this `` Classic '' novel for a class , and must admit I was thoroughly disappointed . Hawthorne should have stuck to writing non-fictional books about the Puritan settlers . This book was a pill . There are so many American authors , and novels that could be taught in schools that could far exceed the entertainment level of this out of date story . Two thumbs down .
 There is absolutely nothing captivating about this novel . Throughout the novel , only 3 major events occur
 Please , I beg of you , if you have any respect for your own time whatsoever , DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!! Maybe if a couple of generations completey ignore it , it will cease to be a so-called classic . First of all , it is written in pretty difficult language . That is all fine and good if the book is worth the effort , but this one definitely is not . The author has no knowledge of subtlety and his message is both wrong , I believe , and poorly conveyed . The second star is given only because his use of language is sometimes impressive , but I would sooner read a taudry romance novel than re-read The Scarlet Letter .
 If this book is so great , then why are there so many people who give it only one or two stars ? Should a great book not be able to be enjoyed on some level by everyone ? To the best of my knowledge , only erudites and scholars enjoy this book . A good book , but one with a limited audience . Do n't read it unless you do n't mind wading waste deep through overly long sentences , antiquicated words and flowery prose . Personally I like an author who gets to the point .
 I first heard of the classic novel `` The Scarlet Letter '' when I was in fifth grade . My mom told me a brief description of the story , and her thoughts on the book made me want to read it . I finally got the chance to read it this year , and I was greatly disappointed . The novel failed to hold my interest at any point in the story . I could only read so many pages at one time as I found my thoughts wandering away from the story of Hester Prynne , her young daughter Pearl , and the affair that she had with one of the ministers in Boston . The vocabulary was quite advanced and often hard to comprehend . The lengthy descriptions of Hester 's agony over this great sin she has committed were quite repetitive . When Nathaniel Hawthorne adds the complicated vocabulary to the descriptions of Hester that go on page after page , it creates frustration and a sense of hopelessness for the reader . Most of the time , I knew what Hester was thinking or what she was going to say before she thought it or said it . Even through all of the tedious descriptions , it was hard for me to identify with Hester Prynne since I have never been in her type of situation before . The only aspect of the novel that I really understood was the Puritan way of life . Hawthorne 's description of the way that the Puritans lived was quite accurate . The Puritans were a very religious society based on high morals and respect . Once one did something to shame those morals , they were ultimately shunned from society . This aspect of Puritan society was one of the only points that was well illustrated by Hawthorne . Overall , the book was lifeless . I would recommend this book only to someone who has a large amount of both patience and time .
 I would not inflict this story upon my worst enemy
 Hawthorne 's dull prose really gets to you after a while . The book is filled with antiquated language , and is basically an account of a Puritan woman who suffers because of her adultery . I was forced to read this book for my English class , and it was a terrible waste of time . Hawthorne hits you in the face with run on sentences that take up the entire page . I do have one good thing to say about this book however , for all you insomniacs out there , read it ! It induces sleep in minutes ! ZzZzZzZzZzZz ...
 Getting through this book was quite a task . The wording and the pace make it a bit hard to follow . However , once you read deep into the plot , the web of characters and their relationships draw you in . This book is set in Colonial New England in the 1600s . Hester Prynne , protagonist , has been condemned to wear a scarlet letter -LRB- ... -RRB- to remind the public of her sin of adultery . Reverend Dimmesdale , a public hero , struggles with guilt and personal hypocrisy . Roger Chillingworth is seen as the antagonist , consumed with hatred and revenge . These three characters make up a very intriguing story line that touches on controversial issues such as sin , lust , adultery , and primal human nature . This book can be easily compared to Kate Chopin 's , The Awakening . Both deal with the repression of women and one woman 's struggle to rebel against society . Each character attempts to broaden the closed minded views of their time and set the bar for women in the future . Although it was a tough read , I would recommend this book for its ability to relate to common issues .
 I stongly dislike this book . There is too much meaninglessness to it . I can read seven pages for something that can be stated in one paragraph ... it 's awful . Only Webster would be able to read this and not use a dictionary . I have understood two chapters ! I do n't see why an English teacher would like this book because it is full of empty sentences ! It is hard for one to read this book without his mind wandering . As I stated before , this is not my kind of book !
 It is my invariably correct opinion that the so-called author responsible for this overly extravagant and flamboyant style of writing should be dragged into the street and summarily executed , with EXTREME prejudice , for crimes against humanity and the English language .
 I do n't see how this book gets so much attention as being `` one of the best novels ever . '' It 's very short , and very boring . It 's written in old english , which adds to the difficulty , and even if you can understand it , you finish the book and say , `` Ok , so what 's the point ? '' There is absolutely no point to this novel . Entire chapters of the novel are void of dialogue and appears as a wall of text , and the description is so vague that you ca n't even tell what a character is doing half the time .
 This novel was the most boring book I have ever read . I would never put another person through the torture of reading this long-winded dull attempt at a scandalous and exciting romance . Even though there is much symbolism to be found , when is one supposed to find it , while they are sleeping ? Another factor of my displeasure with this book is that I love to read and now hesitate to pick up another Hawthorne piece . How did this book become a `` CLASSIC '' ?
 This work by Hawthorne , whose subject matter is always really boring anyway , is as dry and frigid as a desert . Horrible , horrible , horrible . I started with great optimism , for I had been curious about it for ages , and if it were n't for the paper I had to write about it , I would have stopped reading it in page twenty-five . By the end I was screaming thanks to the forces of the universe . Not only is the book periphrastic and dull ; it completely drains the reader 's energy and sanity . One just can not relate to the characters -- so imitative and spurious ; besides , the story line is EXHAUSTINGLY and OBVIOUSLY outdated !!! I hated Hester . I can not comprehend the concept going through some individuals ' minds when they call her one of the most moving characters in American literature . WHATEVER !!!!!! And Dimmesdale 's character was despicable , absurd , and ordinary . If you 've read about the tremendous psychological impact of the novel , you have been deceived ! You wo n't find any psychological force . Save your money and buy a real masterpiece , not this cheap counterfeit .
 It 's hard to put together any nice words about this transcription . It is not kindle ready , although it is textually complete . Should be a freebie .
 This book may have been one of the best books of the 19th century but its language and themes do n't relate to us very much any more . The Scarlet Letter is very boring and never seems to end . I really disliked the book .
 My english teacher assigned this book , one I would never read on my own . I am a 16 year old and I enjoy reading . But this book , while it does have a few good points and messages , is incredibly dull . The points are hard to get and I only understood the points after we had discussed them in class . While this book has a rather good story it ` s concealed by endless symbols and references , I suggest the cliff notes version !!
 This is another classic out in the book world but I find it extremely hard to follow . Hawthorne had a lot of good points in the book but I did n't understand them until they were pointed out to me . If you do n't get into that Puritan time period of literature then I suggest you do n't read it . There is a lot of symbolism in this book , too .
 This book is one of the last masterpieces written as American literature moved from what we call `` Old English '' -LRB- use the much cliched Olde if you must -RRB- to `` New English . '' And trust me , it shows . Virtually every book ever written during this period , -LRB- essentially , before Twain 's Huckleberry Finn -RRB- , bears the same markings - incredibly lavish diction , complex structure and syntax , and all the elements that make for a generally hard to follow novel . If you elevate your reading to that next level , where you 're seeing beyond the simple plot and percieving Hawthorne 's masterful use of symbolism and metaphor , and are able to appreciate probably the last great novel written in before the literary revival of the late 1800s , then you 'll consider this book a worthwhile read .
 The Scarlet Letter is a good but long and discriptive book . I would n't tell anybody to read it unless they classic books or a Hawthorne fan . This book and also The House of The Seven Gables are based on the one unlying rule of Hawthorne description . His books would n't be so long if he would have just gotton to the plot . Now do n't get me wrong the plot to this book was good but the movie is even better . If you have to read it just deal with it . All I know is that is did n't hold my attenion very long and I fell asleep a couple of times .
 This book has to be one of the most tedious works of literature ever written . Hawthorne is a great writer , but I do n't know how this book made it into that sacred list we call `` classics '' . Perhaps on the merit of his name alone ?
 This is a tragedy in two ways . Everyone dies at the end , and if you have to or choose to read this you will experience a tragedy.I can compare this book to a lobster.People say lobsters are a delecacy and you have to get through a shell to get to the meat.This book is a `` classic '' and you have dissect each and every sentence to get a general understanding.Avoid this book at all costs , if you have to read it in school then you are better off faking a concusion !
 I find the old english wording too hard to understand and too hard to read ... have n't got into it too far yet but it is taking me forever to get here
 I had to read this book for my high school English class . I hated every bit of it actually I never finished it . This book does not belong on the list of classic must reads . As a college student now I thought I would give the book a second chance just as something to read for my own personal joy of reading . This is still to this day the WORSE book I have ever read in my life !! How could anyone actually like this back enough to rate it 3 star much less 5 . This should be rated in negative stars .
 My rating is only for the electronic formatting of this book . I really feel like I do n't have any right to complain since the book was free but - you get what you pay for.The book starts with an introduction to the story which goes on for 18 % of the book file . The actual text of the book does n't start until location 604-10 . Unfortunately the only way to find this is to page through from the beginning . It would have been nice to have a table of contents or at least a bookmaark for the start of the actual book .
 To me this book would turn a young person , like my self away from the key and enjoyment of reading . Being a book with extensive mistakes in it , it is very difficult to read unless you are to inerpret it every paragraph or should I say sentence . I ' t maybe a classic , but I feel that the word `` classic '' comes from just being old ... p.s the only reason I put a star was because I had to , to express my opinion on he novel .
 This book is like a bad soap . No action . No drama . Very predictable . It is about a woman who cheated on her husband with another man . The baby dad is the preacher . Why the couple could n't have gotten a divorce is beyond me . And the writing is horrible . Maybe Webster would have fun with this book but not a high schooler being forced to read it . Reading this is like a punch in the testicles . . it HURT !!! This book is hell on earth . Do n't read it . By the way , I had to give it one star .
 I had to read this book for my advanced English class . I am in the 11th grade . It sucked REALLY bad ! I mean , who would want to read a bunch of `` thee `` s and `` thou `` s . It was so confusing ! After I read the first chapter about 10 times , I went to Cliff to help me out . I love that Cliff Notes book . It helps a LOT ! And I suggest that if you have to read this book for school , I would go get the Cliff Notes . I really could care less about a woman who sleeps with another man while she is married -LRB- or is she ? -RRB- . If I wanted to hear about that kind of thing , I would turn on a soap opera . And the whole letter thing is just stupid . Like she would really care that she has to wear the letter `` A '' on her clothes . I mean , most of us could go through life with big spagetti stains on their shirts and not care at all . The book is totally irrelevant when it comes to times today . We study history to learn from others ' mistakes yet today if we make the mistake of adultery , it 's called DIVORCE . I would have given this book a flat out 1 star but I decided to be nice since it related to my favorite soap opera . For anyone that just feels like reading a book , I do n't recommend this one . For anyone who wants to be MAJORLY confused and utterly bored to death , enjoy !
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's 1850 novel The Scarlet Letter may well be a classic , but it just did n't work for me . I 'm certainly not afraid of 19th century classics - I 've read Stevenson , Shelley , Stoker , Dickens , Hugo , and more , and I 've enjoyed a lot of their work . The Scarlet Letter , unfortunately , is one of those classics that , for me , knowing the gist of it is more worthwhile than actually reading it.The story , as most American high school students know , is set in 1640 's New England , and features Hester Prynne , a woman who is convicted of adultery and made to wear a scarlet `` A '' as a badge of shame.Unfortunately , the 250 page book could really have been about fifty pages and done the job . Hawthorne is n't just wordy , he 's wordy while thinking about being wordy about wordiness , then he 's wordy that he might not have been wordy enough . The first 50 pages , in fact , is n't even about Hester or the 17th century - it 's an `` introductory sketch '' that amounts to a framing narrative of `` I found these old notes in a box at work and wrote this story . '' So , yeah , if you do read the book after reading this review , at least do yourself a favor and skip `` The Customs House . '' Trust me.Even once you get to Hester , the narrative , such as it is , just crawls . Or , rather , it ponders if it should advance , and so , wither , and if it should advance - if that be what God has ordained - by what means of Earthly locomotion it might utilize , should that be the course of events necessitated by the demands of the story , and , perchance , how many times the word `` bosom '' should be employed , and in what capacity.Again , I 'm not afraid of long , 19th century prose . I love Dracula and Frankenstein , after all . But at no point did I really feel like Hawthorne had gotten me into the story . Other than an oppressive grayness and the sparking scarlet `` A '' , there 's no strong sense of setting or atmosphere . Worse , I never really felt like I had any idea what Hester was feeling or experiencing . In fact , more time is spent on her secret lover and his torment , but even that seems shallow.I listened to the audio book read by Dick Hill . Hill was n't horrible , but he did n't really do anything to bring the text to life , either . I do n't think a better reader would have made that big a difference , but Hill did n't really bring much to the production himself.I just ca n't recommend The Scarlet Letter , even for the sake of being able to say you 've read a classic . If you want to read a 19th century classic , I recommend something by one of the above authors . Anything , really , before The Scarlet Letter . If you want a modern classic that 's actually meaningfully about female sexuality and woman 's place in society , read Margaret Atwood 's fantastic The Handmaid 's Tale .
 I guess I should have read the last review or even the fact that the description says Landscape . I did n't think it was necessary , it 's just a book right?I guess it 's supposed to be easier to read in bed . I just thought it would be cool to have the Scarlet Letter be a red book.If you buy this book you will be holding the book like a wall calendar and reading in two columns ; first the two columns on the top page and then two columns on the bottom . This just seems really irritating to me .
 My daughter needed this book for school and specifically needed an edition with the custom house . We `` looked inside this book '' on line and it shows that it includes the custom house . When the book arrived , it did not include the custom house . Very disappointed as we took the time to check and she needed this for class .
 The Scarlet Letter is overloaded with many superfluous words that requires the reader to sift through them all to get to the actual story . However , the strong characters are revealed through their actions more than through Hawthorne 's descriptions . The story takes place in 17th Century Boston and Puritanical Law is heavily enforced . A young woman , Hester , has been imprisoned for getting pregnant while committing adultery . Now that the baby is 3 months old , they have her stand in the center of town with so she can be shamed by the whole town . Her husband just happens to come to town as she stands on the scaffold and thus the story continues in a dark spiral of hidden friendships , revenge , immense guilt , and sin . This story is a historical fiction told 200 years later and is full of symbolism and the ironies of human nature and society . The ending was rather abrupt as if Hawthorne was on a writing deadline and got tired of his own story .
 Ok , like a fair number of other people , I read this just recently as a highschooler . My highly qualified judgement
 I am an avid reader . I have read many so called `` classics '' . This book is just plain boring ! Yawn ... . I really tried to get into it . I could n't finish it . I just kept falling asleep . This book contains some seriously long sentences . Some readers have said to just skip the first chapter or so . I could n't do that . It just seems wrong . If you are going to read a book you should try and read it all . I am sorry to say `` I have not read the Scarlet Letter . '' Sorry Hawthorne ... . I really , really tried .
 It is a travesty that this novel is even classified with the classics . This is by far one of the most boring and pointless novels in existance . The plot dribbles on about sin and adultry with few arguments . The contrasting of light and dark , with shadows , light and color is overdone and quite childish . Any third grade student can classify purity as light and sin as darkness . More over , there is over a hundred pages of belaboring the point , with no real conclusion . At the end of the novel , all I had was a headache , and I had fallen asleep more than a dozen times .
 i could n't listen to this book because the women reading it has such a screechy horrible voice so i can give no review of the actual book but whatever you do try to find a version with a different reader if you 're into audio books
 i strongly advise you to skip the entire introduction . it is boring and pointless . it explains the author 's inspiration to write this ... let 's say...not-so-good book . in fact , this book was probably the most boring and uneventful book i have ever read . i only did because it was a `` required reading '' assignment for school . actually in my opinion it starts out interesting and gets worse as it goes along . this is most likely due to the fact that it contains so many useless pages of description that i quickly lost interest . if the author removed these extra pages , the book would probably be half the size , but much better nevertheless . there really was nothing in the plot that made me want to finish the book , maybe with the exception of why the minister kept his hand on his heart . ON THE OTHER HAND , the message was somewhat interesting and got me thinking . i 'm sorry if i offended anybody who enjoyed the novel with my negative feedback . i mean , it might be a good book to some , but extremely boring to others . it really depends on ur tolerance level and how easily amused u are . also , this book and is quite hard to comprehend because of the old english and difficult concepts to grasp . that may be another reason why some find it not amusing ; the story is boring because it might not make sense to them .
 I hated this story . It was long . It was preachy . It was boring . Unless you 're interested in catching up on battles with Puritanism , avoid this book .
 I read this book for AP English and had to do a blue-book assignment of it . The word `` ugh '' summarizes my experience.This book was written in the 19th century , and that 's where it belongs . It would n't be nearly as bad if someone were to modernize the language used in the book , but reading through `` dost thou '' after `` dost thou '' is n't any fun.However , I highly recommend reading Richard Armour 's take on SL in his book `` The Classics Reclassified '' .
 I know that saying the book is dumb nullifies all the hard work put into it , but I just did not like it . Sure the main idea and a well written summary makes the book as a whole good , it does n't help the actual context one bit which was very hard to follow and comprehend .
 I am a third year law student who read this work in the tenth grade -LRB- 11 years ago -RRB- so I am working from memory here . I did not enjoy it , despite the grand themes that the author addresses . Frankly , I felt that the work was entirely too dense to be an enjoying read . I get the same feeling now when I am trying to dissect some obscure statute ... in other words , it needs to be done , but it is n't any fun . I feel that some reviewers on this page are unfairly haranguing people who could not read the book without a dictionary . I feel that this is the wrong attitude . When I am writing a legal brief , it is expected that my work be crafted in such a way that it is READABLE -LSB- e.g. tell a good story -RSB- . If you do not write in such a way as to engage the greatest number of people , you will be less likely to get your audience to appreciate the merits of your case . The same is true with this book . The author does not allow our minds eye to fill in any blanks . His prose is dense and he fills in so many of the details that it is impossible to let your imagination add the finishing touches to the work . In the end , most students are drained and bitter at the author for pushing us into his overly descriptive morass . This has nothing to do with the fact that there are so many `` dictionary words '' in the book . That is another matter entirely . However , I would note that most people who are complaining about the difficulty of the individual words would probobly not be complaining if the author had not so totally preempted the reader 's imagination . The words individually are not so difficult as the density . There are those who love this work anyway and i have no problem with that . But I assure you that If one of the senior attorneys here refers to my work as `` dense '' , I am bound to have to do a rewrite . That said , i still believe that this is a worthwhile book as much for the revolutionary readings that are possible as the traditional themes for which it became famous . Who has re ! ad this book with an eye toward dissecting the nature of the subordination of women in western culture ? Or to examine the ways in which Hester rebels -LRB- however modestly -RRB- against the strictures of her station ? Anyone who has will find new layers to the book that speak as much to the modern day as they do to the audience of the author 's times
 This is the most boring book I have ever read
 I 've bought this book , underlined every hint of symbolism , found all evidence of romanticism , followed every quote involving thematic oppositions , and noted every example of Pearl 's rebellious nature and social alienation , but I can not find one positive aspect of this novel that makes any of my hard work feel rewarding . The only way this novel could give me a warm feeling is if I place it in a furnace .
 I ordered a specific ISBN No . and received a different tiny book of the same with different appearence and a different ISBN No.The picture seen online is not the one that I received .
 This novel is absolutely awful . Although it has received over 500 reviews I feel it is my duty to help bring the average star level to where it belongs , at zero . Where to begin ... perhaps with the run on sentences , the failure to create significant rising action , the flat two dimensional characters ... This novel is full of things which not only bore the reader , but frustrate them as well.The fatal flaw in this piece of literature is its inability to stay relevant . Post-modern society does not really care about , `` Baby daddies , '' and the revelation which is made at the end , and beginning , of this novel is reproduced daily on morning television a la Maury . Unfortunately , Nathaniel Hawthorn you are the father of this literary disaster .
 So I heard about this from a friend at Comi-Con . He did not know much about it , but heard some people talking about it in the food court . I thought it sounded awesome , like Read or Die meets a cross between The Green Lantern and The Crimson Crusader . So I order what I thought was the graphic novel , turns out it is more `` novel '' and less `` graphic '' . It was nothing like I expected , and unless shame is a super power -LRB- which is unlikely -RRB- Hester is just some puritan lady before radioactive spiders even existed!Seriously , I do n't think `` BANG ! '' `` POW ! '' or `` ZORT ! '' show up anywhere in the book ! I almost gave this one star , but Roger Chillingworth is an awesome super villain name . His physiognomy is dead on as well , like in all comics , it let 's us know he is the clear bad guy and we should not relate to him at all . Since the bad guy at least fits what I expect this gets 2 stars .
 Too long . Re-read this and remembered how much Hawthorne 's style irritates me . There is an interesting story within but he takes WAY too long to tell it .
 The story is a very simple one but the action , so to speak , does n't really happen until the final third of the book . It was a battle to get through the dry middle!Unfortunately the story is also exceptionally easy to guessand the turns of the story are not surprising in the least.On the plus side , the book gives a good glimpse at life in Puritan early American communities and their moral strucutres .
 I will never understand why they force this book on school children , I 'm sure there are many other `` classic '' stories that could be included in the curriculum .
 I ordered the Penguin edition for this book five weeks before my grad class started . It was very important to have the correct edition for proper pagination . I PAID for the Penguin edition . I GOT the $ 2 Dover Thrift edition three weeks later . When I called the distributor , he told me to email him to remind him to fix it , but he did n't ask me my name or my order number or anything to identify me from any other customer . I asked for an email address and he told me to look on my confirmation email . The email address from the confirmation email did n't work . I had to spend another $ 15 to get the correct edition of the book . I 'd already paid more for the book that I got than it would have been worth brand new . I will NOT purchase from this distributor again .
 I have yet to actually complete this novel . It is so dog-gone hard to understand . On top of this , I have an essay that is due
 I was assigned this book when I was a sophomore in high school -LRB- 22 years ago -RRB- . I could n't get through it ; the Cliff Notes version help me pass the test . I found it turgid and laborious reading.I graduated in the top 10 % of my high school class . I have a master 's degree . Despite my academic success , I do n't understand why this book is a classic . I do n't understand why Hester did n't just pack up Pearl and her stuff , move to another town and tell everyone she was a widow . That would have saved everyone alot of grief , especially young readers like me .
 This is the worst book I have ever read . The attempts at symbolism are bogged down with unnecessary detail and the language is over the top even for the time period . I hurled it across the room at one point in agitation and disgust .
 My son was forced to read this book for his high school english class . I consider this cruel and unusual punishment . I believe there are some consitutional laws that prevent schools from giving kids this big slop of boring inside about 300 pages . Its the reason why kids these days hate reading , because before they have time to read anything exciting and interesting they have to read stuff like the Scarlet Letter . The only reason Nathaniel Hawthorne is a classic is because he wrote fancy and he is dead . In fact Hawthorne never wrote an interesting word in his life . Its like he went out of his way to bore people to death . Now I know there was n't much around to inspire good stories back than but I did n't think it was this bad . He drags on a plot that should n't of lasted more than 30 pages into a whole freakin novel ! Pure insanity that kids are forced to read terrible bore fests like Hawthorne .
 This book was awful ! Now I 'm sorry for the length of the next paragraph , but I feel it is important for you to understand who is writing this review.OK ... I read this book in my High School American Literature course , like many of the people posting reviews , and I can safely say it is the worst book I have ever read . I was n't a `` big '' fan of reading when I read this book , but I am alot more interested now after having read `` The Great Gatsby '' and `` The Catcher in the Rye '' -LRB- If you want an ACTUAL masterpiece , read the aforementioned two books ... especially `` The Catcher in the Rye '' . -RRB- I also did n't HATE reading either so DO N'T take my review as that of a stupid HS kid who just hates reading anything!Now , back to The Scarlet Letter and why it is so overrated . 1 . The writing style is terrible , the book is nothing but run-on sentences filled with buzzwords that an idiot would use to make himself sound important , describing some insignificant detail you -LRB- the reader -RRB- did n't care about in the first place !!! THE AVERAGE NUMBER OF WORDS PER SENTENCE IS 22.1 ! THAT IS IN THE 80TH PERCENTILE FOR RUN-ON SENTENCE STATISTICS ! also every character speaks the same way , whether it 's a stately politician , a valued clergyman , or a 3 year old child , every character speaks with a sophisticated vocabulary , flawless grammar and perfect syntax ... How dreadfully unrealistic ! 2 . The symbolism in the book is written at a 5th Grade level at best . The use of symbols is so shallow I wondered why Hawthorne even put them in ! 3 . -LCB- HUGE COMPLAINT -RCB- The plot is very `` intangible . '' This is a bit hard to explain , but I 'll do my best . In most books , something is actually happening -LRB- ex . the characters are trying to get rich or are caught up in a war or looking for a whale or something . -RRB- In this book , nothing is physically happening ... the main character is just going through hum drum daily activities -LRB- that are hardly mentioned in the book -RRB- while the whole book is written about the metaphysical changes and such . EVERY CHAPTER is about somebodys `` soul '' or their histrionic emotions or whatever , it made me want to puke ! I am a very logical , unemotional person and having to read fifty paragraphs about the inner feelings of the main character and every petty character she casully walks by on the street was not my idea of a page-turner . I like books that show how a character is feeling because it adds depth to the character , but in this case there was n't enough character interaction to emphasize the thimble of plot this book contained . 4 . -LCB- Another big complaint -RRB- The story is about the struggles of a woman named Hester Prynne ... alright ... let me just say that by the end you are `` supposed '' to be in tears over what a courageous-hero this women is for putting up with all her hardships -LRB- this emotional response the author hoped the invoke is the WHOLE point of the book -RRB- . NOW let me tell you why this sentiment is flawed . HESTER PRYNNE IS A CHEAP FLOOZY !!! I have no idea why people ca n't understand this point . The woman is married to a good professional man and she goes and decides to have a one-night-stand with the town minister , gets knocked-up , and the town realizes she is an adulterer when she bears her misbegotten child . Now the book is set in Puritan society , a strict , religious society that was prone to burning/hanging people out of fear of witchcraft or sin , and instead of being executed in the name of the lord -LRB- as one who broke the ten commandments surely would have been in those days -RRB- She gets a letter embroidered on her dress to make her an outcast ! To make her punishment -LRB- if it can so be called a punishment -RRB- even more lenient , about halfway through the book the townspeople begin respecting her again ! Meanwhile , her husband has been driven insane by his lust to find her secret lover who has also gone masochistically insane with guilt . AFTER ALL THIS I AM SUPPOSED TO FEEL SORRY FOR THIS NYMPHOMANIAC !?! Well I did n't . She got off easy for an act that ruined the lives of every other character in the book . 5 . There are to many complaints about this book to list ! The Scarlet Letter does n't have a resolution !!! Instead of thinking up an interesting ending to the book , Nathaniel Hawthorne -LRB- probably bored to tears from typing this crumby world of plot holes and spelling errors -RRB- decided to save time by having nearly every primary character die in the last couple of chapters ! LITERALLY , The last chapter just describes what happened all the characters -LRB- Animal House style -RRB- and nearly every one of them randomly died . Wow what a deeply brilliant ending , he must have let his dog write the last chapter.Please save yourself the agony and leave this one on the bookshelf . By the end of reading this I felt angry at the school for having violated my precious mind with this boring waste of paper . If you want to simulate reading this book why do n't you stare into your toilet for a few hours . I am not even kidding , I would rather have my organs boil out of my eye sockets like a science fair volcano than have to read this book again !
 I believe that the plot of `` The Scarlet Letter '' could have been wonderful & something I would love to read , because the events are all such interesting ideas . I just think that Mr. Hawthorne made them boring through his writing style . Sometimes it just dragged on forever & I really think more of the book consisted of descriptions than dialogue -- I could n't enjoy a book like that . I think if this was written by a different author , with mainly the same plot , it could be wonderful . But this , was terribly boring !!!!!!!!
 I usually have nothing to say but good things about book I read ! But this book , it does have it 's interesting points but I just do n't get into it . I rather would burn myself at the stake that read the remaining chapter I have to finish for my English Class . What did I have to do to deserve this ? I stood there reading the book with my book in one hand and dictionary in the other , I ended up reading Chapter 9 about 10 times because the information was n't getting to me . And the way the author addresses the reader , I want to scream . I 'm sure in the 1850 's this was a wonderful book because of the message it stated back then , but more than 100 years afterwards , people seem to lose interest . And the fact that they make HS students read this book is just plain homicide . STOP THE ASSIGNING OF THIS BOOK ! DO N'T PUT YOUR STUDENTS THROUGH TORTURE !
 The Scarlet Letter , written by Nathaniel Hawthorne holds little significance other than being a complete waste of time . As a 10th grade student in American Literature who personally enjoys reading , I was throughly disgusted . There are much better classic American works that would have served the same purpose . The novel also holds little relevance in today 's world , for example religion is not the law of the land . Hawthorne 's elegant and complicated style frustrates and maddens the reader . After spending long hours reading I had hardly made a dent in the book . Normally , I am pretty fast reader but this book just took forever . I had to look up so many words because I had no idea what they ment . Even then , many of the words were not even used in today 's english . Thanks a lot Webster ! Not only that , but every character spoke exactly the same . I do n't think a 3 year old is going to speak like a very gifted orator like the Reverend Dimmesdale . It was very difficult to tell who was speaking . The story could be summarized in about 10 pages but instead rambles on for about 220 more than it should . A simple action such as Pearl looking at Hester 's `` A '' includes 10 pages of explanation . I know many kids that actually fell asleep while reading the book , during the middle of the day . Yes , its that boring . Also , the need for Hawthorne to credibilty to his story makes me think . I would have never questioned it if he had n't felt the need expalin it . I feel as the book is simply a way for Hawthorne to clear his conscience by writing a subject that is near and dear to his heart . Its no secret that Hawthorne was suspected to have had incestous relationships during his lifetime . This fact alone makes me sick , as does the whole book . It should contain the label
 This novel is widely regarded as overrated . The plot is not that interesting , the writing style is torturous , the plot twists are predictable . It 's a typical example of pre-20th century bad writing . Not to say that any book from that era is crap , but this book certainly is .
 The Scarlet Letter , considered a classic by many , is a long and tedious book to read . Long , drawn out , and confusing sentence structures and organization and a rather lackluster plot line , renders this book an absolute waste of time.The story itself is a dull and boring book to read . From the very start , the book is already lulling readers to sleep . Beginning with a prolonged introduction that does little to help readers comprehend the context and background of the story , the plot drags on , which seemingly never ends . The entire `` custom house '' introduction lacks any significance whatsoever , and instead of leading readers into the story , the introduction is downright confusing because readers can not understand what is going on . It takes several reads of the introduction alone to actually understand that the introduction basically has no additional effect on the story itself . In addition , after the story begins to play out , readers have no idea the story has already begun and the introduction is over because Hawthorne continues to bore readers with useless information . Lacking any significance , readers are quick to drop the book and leave it for some other time.Hawthorne uses drawn out paragraphs and sentences , which lure readers to sleep . He focuses on extremely minor details which would be awesome if they did anything to help the readers . Yes Hawthorne can create the somber mood and depressing settings , yet nothing goes on in the actual plot to really capture the readers ' interest . The action is dull as readers wait for something profound and exciting to happen ; however , Hawthorne continues to tease his readers by making them think something drastic will happen in the end . Unfortunately , even the most pivotal parts of the story are downplayed as they do not really do anything or affect other characters in extreme ways . Along with the actions , the character themselves are too one-dimensional and boring . Each character has an uninteresting personality , and few readers can even connect with any of them , making each character appear distant and detached . It is as if they are not human and the readers tire out quickly trying to understand the purpose of each character . In essence , readers tire out trying to understand the story at all.On a brighter note , Hawthorne does incorporate a great deal of symbols . Readers can be fasinated by the purpose of each symbol and how it affects the story . Sadly , Hawthorne may try to emphasize the symbols to much and are no longer subtly entwined into the story itself.For any reader , The Scarlet Letter is a complete and utter bore , as many would be able to find any quality substance in the work itself or comprehend the story for what Hawthorne was trying to say .
 On the positive side , the story is O.K. -LRB- the plot hangs together structurally -RRB- and the language is rich and flowing -LRB- if not repetitive ; witness the clumsy word `` ignominy '' and its variants -RRB- . On the negative side , I have the following criticisms : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The narrative style is uninvolving . The best writers SHOW their readers what is happening ; mediocre writers TELL their readers what is happening ; and , bad writers feel they must explain what they are telling their readers . Hawthorne , in this novel , falls in the mediocre category for the most part . A good writer tells a good story ; a great writer makes you feel as if you are there as the story unfolds . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The settings are sketchy . I was not able to reconstruct the layout of the town , its situation with respect to the forest , or even the precise location of the main buildings -LRB- the church , Hester 's house , etc. -RRB- . I kept contrasting this element of Hawthorne 's style -LRB- unfavorably -RRB- with Austen , Proust , Nabokov , Tolstoy , Flaubert , Melville , Robbe-Grillet , etc. -- with these great writers , I become so familiar with the settings that I feel as though I grew up in their make-believe worlds where everything seems to be one of a kind . In The Scarlet Letter , the settings are seemingly taken off the shelf . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The story and its characters are one-dimensional . Virtually every single scene -LRB- covering about seven years in the story -RRB- concerns the scarlet letter and its impact on the main characters -LRB- it 's like watching a prize fight where the boxers only jab -- tedious ! -RRB- . While the primary characters are fuzzy and ill-defined , the secondary characters are all but nonexistent ; we are told what impact they have on the main characters , but rarely allowed to witness the specific actions of the supporting characters so that we can appraise their influence for ourselves . In other words , the character development stinks . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Finally , the symbolism is abstract and obvious . The silly `` forest = freedom '' / `` town = oppression '' school of symbolism always annoys me . In the best novels , the words -LRB- after all , that is what literature is about -RRB- pull double duty
 Unless you have the correct size font , you will have a difficult time reading this book on the Kindle . It is not set up to have the text wrap correctly and therefore has a full line of text , the next line has a single word , then another full line and so on .
 First and foremost , this book felt long and drawn-out . The convoluted prose that Hawthorne uses as with his excessively long sentences help add little relief when one is lost in the mist of a page long paragraph . Written in the middle 1800s , The Scarlet Letter contains sentence structure and phrasing typical of that time , meaning there are many instances that felt unnatural or forced.The beginning of this book is anything but enjoyable . Not only was the first chapter a tedious read but it contained no relevance to the rest of the book . It is just hard to continue reading a book that begins with such a sour taste , in fact most reader would mistaken the entire book to be of the same low quality as the first chapter . Another major low point for the story is the long complicated description that Hawthorne seems to love . Even a description about a barren jail door could constitute an entire chapter . Ordinarily , details allow the reader a vivid image of the scene , but excessive details just slow down and decrease the enjoyment of the novel . It is said that Hawthorne 's writing requires a great deal of concentration , effort , and strength to read and understand , and that is true.However , even through all the fog and haze that Hawthorne manages to include in his book , the overall plot of the novel is decent . It is by no means gripping but it is passable . There are moments where the reader will feel attached to the characters but those moments are few and far . For the most part , many of the characters feel static , almost as if their entire actions are scripted . It is almost as if one were watching a play conducted entirely in monotone . The reader can not feel the outbursts of emotions , neither crescendos nor decrescendos of joy or sadness from the characters . With his convoluted , or some would say overly sophisticated style , the average reader will have a hard time connecting with the characters and in turn , will feel detached about the novel . The meaning of this novel may be deep and worthwhile to decipher , but for the average reader , this classic will provide nothing more than headaches and anguish .
 It started with a great plot ... until he actually wrote it . It was overwritten -LRB- it takes pages before something happens -RRB- and the protagonists were hard to like . Boring , sappy novel written as if he trying to imitate Victorian prose . There are a couple twists , but the main characters are such morons , it underscores the little action that does happen .
 This book is not on my list of books i like , actually its on the list of books i would like ... to destroy . This book is great and origional , NOT . Wow weve seen this load of crap over and over before . BLAH BLAH , this book is extremely boring , even though it has a message , it is not worth it . I enjoy books like The odyessy , and I am currently reading hitchikers guide to the galaxy , i even dont mind shakespeare -LRB- sometimes they can be dry -RRB- , so dont judge me as a ignorant highschooler , Even though it is what I am . Seriously , STOP PRETENDING THIS IS SUCH AN AMAZING BOOK . It is not , period . Hawthorne has a peculiar cliche way of writing and im sick of it . If you ever are forced to read this book ... dont . How does Hawthorne write of puritan society when he did n't live through it . The reason so much of this junk is overlooked is because this is a `` Classic '' . I dont see why its so classic , we have seen many other writers do this , and much better . This bok is a false antiquity , I mean Rappucinis daughter was not bad , but this is junk . This book is not nessisary to read . This same message is given in other , better books . This book is boring . And if you disagree with me then you are wrong .
 So sue me ... I just do n't like Nathanial Hawthorne . I think the plot is brilliant , but I find his method of telling the story annoying . I 'm afraid this is n't an assertion I can back up with a lot of concrete examples , it 's just that his writing gives me a vague feeling of malaise . I find this true of his short stories as well , so I never bothered with the other novels . But you 'll have to read The Scarlet Letter for school anyway , so borrow it from the library .
 I have had the displeasure of reading this book twice so far in high school . Before continuing with my actual review , I should note that I am a little weary of romance novels in general . First of all , anyone eager to read this book for its romantic theme , forget it ! In the modern sense , this is not in anyway associated with romance or -LRB- for the most part -RRB- love . In reality , this book is more about Christian motives , betrayal , and depression . I can not nor do I wish to reveal anything specific about the plot , yet let me emphasize that this novel centers more around hate and contempt than love . Although I despise stories with a lustful or romantic appeal , I would have been far better satisfied had that been the case of this novel . Do n't misinterpret me , Hawthorne is a terrific and classical writer , but this novel IS NOT CLASSICAL ! Having read some of his other works , I must say how uncharacteristic this novel is of him.It does have its merits , however ; it is full of imagery and symbolism that can greatly improve a reader 's reading and writing skills , but so do a lot of other `` real '' classics.I 'm not trying to hammer this book into the ground , I 'm just being as objectively honest as I can . The truth is that this novel is very tedious and deep -LRB- as are all of Hawthorne 's works -RRB- , yet unlike is better works , there is virtually no action or interesting plots to the story . I ca n't put it any better than to say that it is just plain , old-fashioned BORING . I like to think I have an open mind , but you sit down to read this book and you get through the first chapter -LRB- if you get through it -RRB- and then through the rest until the end ; and then it 's like `` it took 250 pages to tell a one-paragraph story ? '' Not to reveal anything , but the ending is a terrible let down , though not at all shocking either.Although I did n't like this book , it has its merits ; and if you are thinking about reading it yourself , do yourself a favor and get a short synopsis of the book and really see if it 's something you wish endeavor into . E-mail me freely if you have questions .
 I 'll admit right up front that I am stupid . I would rather enjoy a book instead of try to find my way through the maze of confusing , endless prose that Hawthorne uses . I found myself empathizing more with Chillingworth than Dimmesdale . A book should NOT have to be dissected and disscussed to be understood !!! It should clearly portray its thematic structure without having to resort to a smokescreen of vague symbols and the word `` Classic '' stamped all over it to force people to appreciate it . Yes , it was heavily thematic and full of symbolism ; and it was `` meaty '' -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- , `` deep '' , and `` powerful '' ; but it was dry , slow , and boring . Even someone as myself , who generally enjoys the classics , will fall asleep -LRB- as I did everytime I tried to read this book -RRB- . Do NOT try to speed-read this . This book has no place in a high-school English course ; it needs a span of several years to muddle and plod thru , and then try to unravle .
 The Scarlet Letter is an American tourist trying to ask one of the locals for directions ; it speaks loud and slow , making gigantic explanatory hand gestures and nodding enthusiastically when it thinks you 're catching on . What it does n't seem to notice is that you speak English , you understand exactly what it 's saying , and the hotel is just down the street . What could have been a meaningful , succinct five-second exchange has instead become an annoyingly elaborate , tediously awkward , and unnecessarily long social ritual . What could have been a poignantly rendered meditation on sin , redemption , and society winds up choking on its own ambitions . Indeed , had Hawthorne approached this novel with some sense of subtlety , allowing his narrative to unfold gracefully and naturally , ensuring that his characters and plot are compelling , allowing his themes to intertwine gently with the story itself , The Scarlet Letter would probably have struck me as the masterpiece that everybody else seems to think it is . But no ; Hawthorne has a Grand Statement to make , and he 'll be damned if anybody misses out on even a fraction of it ! He loads up on symbolism , ensuring that every object that his characters might encounter is a metaphor for something or other . Nothing wrong with symbolism , of course , but Hawthorne uses it like a fire hose in a burning orphanage . He beats readers into the ground with the stuff , making painstaking effort to ensure that we do n't miss a second of figurative goodness . He even goes so far as to explain what some of his metaphors represent . A bit like a magician explaining how he does his tricks , if you ask me.All of which occurs at the expense of the usual indicators of literary merit . Hawthorne structures his novel like the most didactic of parables , glossing over plot , characterization , dynamics , tension , and emotional resonance while beating readers to death with the moral . The story itself could be compelling , but it 's a missed opportunity
 I am an English teacher and getting through the book was tough . Only Nathaniel Hawthorne can make sex sound boring .
 Hawthornes The Scarlet letter is an okay book . It has an okay plot and okay characters , but the book is not one for teens of the 90 's . I had to read this book for my English teacher and to tell the truth if it were not graded I would not have read it . The teens of today do not want to read about the ancient customs of puritan society . If it had been about the scandalous affairs of Hester and Rev. Dimmsdale it would still be a best seller . I think this book should be only read voluntarily . If you are thinking of reading it you may need to reconsider .
 I 'm sure I would be able to understand the vivid descriptions and symbolism in this book much better , if Hawthorne were not writing in some sort of moon man language . I do n't know about the production of narcotics in the 1800 's , but I honestly think that Hawthorne was n't on a natural high if you know what I 'm saying .
 THIS BOOK SUX ! Who cares about Pearl anyways ! Someone shoot me in the head before i die of boredom !!!
 Well , im 15 years old and my english teacher assigned this book for the class . I read only 6 of the chapters and then gave up . Maybe if it was somewhat interesting I would read it - but it has nothing to do with modern life.And to assign such a book at this time in a teens life is just pointless . Like I really care about what happenes to Hester . I 've failed all the quizzes that my teacher gave us and most kids from the class did the same . Its one of those books where you read 4 pages and all of a sudden you realized that you were thinking about what you wearing today . Then i have to read the pages all over again . The book is extremely boring !! - I do not recommend it !
 The book is boring if you try to read it without a good look at the movie first but it gets easier to understand once youre in class failing every single test your teacher gives you on it ! Then she decides to explain what 's going on to you later . It was boring and I fell asleep everytime I went to read it .
 typically , I will force myself to read even the worst books -LRB- for class , for `` fun '' , because I think I should -RRB- , but when I read this book for a -LSB- ... -RSB- English course , I quickly realized it was one of the worst books ever -LRB- not to be taken lightly , seriously -RRB- , certainly not worthy of a classic , boring , endless details that no one cares about ... blah blah blah . Terrible . I was bored . It might have been too difficult for a 9th grader , but I would n't read it now either.on the other hand , my brother loved it .
 This was the worst book I ever read . I was lost and confused and that was only in the first sentence . You would think that classic had to have some level of goodness , but this book was the worst piece of filth I had ever read in my entire life . It 's no wonder that Hawthorn locked himself in his mothers attic , he was mentally ill before he ever wrote the book . If you are a high school student , like I am , you know the hell that I had to go through and I am guessing you never want to put yourself through it again . And to you who have no read this book , do n't . You have not , or never will commit enough sin to be put in to the type of hell that this book offers the reader . DO NOT READ THIS BOOK . Oh , and by the way who decided that this was a classic romantic book , there is nothing romantic about this novel , nor anything good . If you are in the mood for a good romance shoot for Nora Roberts or Sandra Brown , they can actually write !
 The pain brought on by this archaicly verbose peice of literary kindling is so great that , while reading , I was greatly tempted to gouge out my eyes to prevent any future encounters with Mr. Hawthorne 's `` work '' . Please , for the love of all things sacred USE CLIFFNOTES !!! It will save you from years of therapy . I am scarred for live . My soul will be tormented after death and i will be forced to walk the earth in search for reconciliation .
 Although this book , is considered a great work of literature , written to describe the harshness of Purtian New England . Plus , this book was heavily laiden with symbolism , and many other literary tools.The scarlet letter is a soap opera , and a bad one at that . Not only is it boring , no true action occurs in this book . Nothing truly interesting happens in this book . This boring work of literature spends an entire chapter describing a prison door.Although the author did a creative job of conveying his point , this is still the worst book I have ever read . I would never recomend this book to anyone who can not sit down and read the script to any second class soap opera with out falling asleep after the first 10 pages . This is a good book to study , however it is not a good book to read for pleasure , under any circumstance !!
 No , I 'm not talking about Hester 's crime . I 'm talking about this STUPID BOOK ! If only Hawthorne had kept his job in the customs house -LRB- see prologue -RRB- , this abomination would never have been spawned from the cess-ridden depths of Hawthorne 's twisted thinking organ . -LRB- You can figure THAT out on your own -RRB- . This book is untolerably boring -LRB- the only proven cure of insomnia - if you do n't mind the side effects -RRB- and the descriptions are ridiculously entangling . In the words of Mr. Hawthorne himself , this book is `` ignominiously '' dull . PRESERVE YOUR SANITY ! NEVER READ THIS ! NEVER!I sleep now ...
 Well , first off , this book is not ENTIRELY trash . in fact , the story is pretty darn good BUT the `` story '' can easily be rewritten in about 2 or 3 pages . almost the WHOLE story was pure detail . and not the good kind of detail , the type that has ABSOLUTELY NO RELEVANCE to the story !!! There is WAY too much detail where it does n't matter , and the detail is VERY lacking in some places that it would really be good to have it in ! At the VERY beginning , Hester goes to jail for -LRB- about -RRB- 3 years ... the WHOLE TIME was totally skipped , and replaced with describing a door ... this would n't tick me off so much if Hawthorne also described the jail but noooooo let 's just talk about a door for about 20 pages and then move on to some other unimportant symbol . But like I said at the beginning , the STORY is actually VERY good and keeps you wanting to know what happens but by the time you FINALLY fight through all of the detail , you find yourself wondering if it was even worth it . Honestly , no . I see why this book is free now ; no one would read it if it was n't one of the `` Required books '' for high school .
 where to bloody begin ... . ah . . in my junior year i and everyone else in class was forced to read the book and watch the horrible origanal slow and boring movie . after we got done with it almost everyone in the whole dang room yelled out that it suck , right at the same time . both this and the great gatsby sucked . but i dd surprisngly enjoyed the great gatsby movie towards the end of it
 Oh man , where do i begin with this one ? First of all , I want to say that a 1 star rating is flattering this novel beyond all means . The Scarlett Letter is one of the most boring pieces of junk that I have ever been assigned to read . I realize that there is a ton of symbolism in this novel , but if you ca n't stay awake to find it , what 's the point ? Also , it really helps when Hawthorne decides to use 15 letter words in each and every sentence . Only person that I would recommend this novel to is an insomnia patient . This one ranks right up there with A Tale Of Two Cities -LRB- another `` Classic '' -RRB- .
 If you can read and readily understand old-english , you * may * be able to enjoy this novel.I found it painfully long and did n't even care to finish it , which is unheard of for me !
 Unfortunately , I have to say that I am very very disappointed with this order . I ordered this book on Sept 2 for my daughter to read and write a report about for school . -LRB- Report is due Oct 25 -RRB- and to date , October 9 , I have NOT RECEIVED it yet . When I contacted the vendor to report last week , I basically received a `` sorry for your luck , but once it leaves our hands , we really do n't care '' type of response . Totally not impressed .
 This was one of the most boring books i 've ever read . Unfortunately i did not give up on Hawthorne after reading this novel , that was a mistake . I 'd pass on this one if i were you , if you must read this for school I highly suggest getting a summary online .
 This is probably the most confusing and worst book I have ever read ! The author uses incredibly large words and you constantly have to use a dictionary or else you most likely wo n't know hat you are reading . From my point of view as a high school -LRB- with mostly A 's and good at English -RRB- student I would not recommend this book to any other high school age students . The author needs to get to the point and not drag on for pages about things that are not important at all . Long setences also makes the book drag on . If I did n't have to read this book for a book report I would have put it down after the first page or two and usually I finish every book that I start . This book had me in tears because it was so difficult . I had to ask my English teacher to explain this to me . Read this book at your own risk , but i do not reccommend it to anyone .
 I agree 100 % that Hawthorne was a brillaint writer . But this book was horrible . A simple phrase of action -LRB- Hester walking down the street -RRB- would be 4 pages of reflection . I read alot and am a huge fan of John Steinbeck , J.D Salinger , Mark Twian . I hated this book . It was took long and nearly impossible to read . If you have to read it for school , good luck . Otherwise , avoid this . There are much better classics than this .
 Three words to describe my feelings of this book ... I HATE IT.Hawthorne 's writings are dull , dry , and other words that mean bad that start with D . The character 's a boring .
 The Scarlet Letter is one of the more famous books in American Literature . It will appear in many survey courses because it has historical significance . That being said , this book is horribly boring and very archaically written . By modern standards , The Scarlet Letter is a pain to read . In fact , I would rather eat the book than read it a second time . As one of my English teachers once commented , `` The Scarlet Letter is a piece of crap . It almost single handedly made me want to stop studying literature . '' Given that this teacher speaks six languages and has probably taught in twice as many countries , I defer my judgment of what constitutes good literature to him.I am not attacking this specific edition of the text . It seems well annotated -LRB- though i prefer annotations as footnotes rather than as appendices in the back -RRB- . However , the original text remains the same . If you die in a horrible car accident and burn off your face while loosing all your limbs , the mortician can only do so much.Thus , if you are planning on reading this book for pleasure , I assure you there is something better to read . If you ca n't find anything , then obviously you are completely inept at reading and need a new hobby . May i suggest knitting ?
 This book literally put me to sleep . I could wake up at 2 in the morning and find the book in my lap , and then have to stress over finishing the assigned reading for my English class . I mean , some of the sentences are about 15 lines long , and the plot , if there is a plot , is incredibly slow . If the author would just tell it like it is , and not drag it out for pages , the book would be only about a third of the length that it is . Boring , boring , BORING !
 It shocks me that the Scarlet Letter is the most taught book in the nation . It may have much symbolism and so on , but it is a convoluted mess . The author is completely detached from his audience , and for some bizarre reason , he feels he has to explain every little thing that happens in great detail . It is also irrelevant to our modern times . In our days people need to be reading things like Huxley , Orwell , Fitzgerald , Bradbury , Hemmingway , Steinbeck , Salinger , and many other great 20th century writers . This book is only relevant to those interested in the time period which it discusses .
 I didnt realize when I ordered it that the type was turned side ways . I bought this as a gift , but not sure I will give it.I guess someone might like the format , but I dont .
 The Scarlet Letter is an interesting book . While reading the book I was filled with many feelings about it . I enjoyed some chapters , but loathed the ones describing the characters . I felt as if Hawthorne could have told the story more efficiently if he had described each character as they came onto the scene . The book made me feel inferior and uneducated . I made so many trips to get the dictionary that my legs got tired . I enjoyed the general story-line , but I could have left the adjectives behind . Pearl was my favorite character because she had a priceless intuition that helped me read the book . I would have been lost without Pearl 's hints . I would not have read this book if not required to by my English teacher . Attack it if you dare !!
 Yes , I am a 17 yr old high school kid . But I can tell good books from the bad ones . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a `` classical '' tale of 2 lovers . To be concise , this novel is too wordy to be enjoyable . People can say it 's a classic romantic novel , it has good character developments , it has good themes and ironies , blah blah blah . I , like most people , do n't judge a book by checking out its trap metaphors ; all in all leave this book to a `` Doctor of Puritanical Philosophy '' . If youre looking for a more entertaining classic , read `` Huck Finn '' by Twain .
 Ok , when I first started this book I thought it was the dumbest thing and I could not belive this was a classic ! -LRB- I still ca n't -RRB- After a few chapters I thought it was a little better and thats why I gave it two stars . Also , it is one of the better books that I had to read for school . I still feel that it was a little boring and hard to follow but with the class discussions I understood it a lot more . I still would n't reccommend this book to anyone
 I had to read this book for school . I did not like it . I 'm not sure what the point is of this story ; several people hae told me what they think it is but I dont agree and they dont agree with each other .
 I was supposed to read this for English class , and had some interest because I ` ve heard people and my teacher say that this was an American classic and was very good.But once I heard some of my friends who started to read it and say it was difficult and boring , I got the book on audio to assist me.I only got to chapter 3 and I was trying to guess how many pages were left to the end.Its uniteresting and difficult because the story wanders with absolutly no direction.I highly recomend getting Cliff Notes -LRB- which I got and are very easy to understand compared to the book -RRB- and possibly the movie -LRB- It might not be the same to the book , but having the visual aid of Demi Moore certainly helps the mind focus better -RRB- .
 This is one of the all-time most boring books . I do not recommend reading it at all . The introduction is incredibly long , and incredibly boring . Also , it does n't really have the sort of plot that would make it a book you ca n't put down . I personally fell asleep four different times reading this book . I had much higher expectations for this book . If you are looking for a classic to read , I would recommend The Count Of Monte Cristo , not this book .
 First of all
 Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh , this the worst book i 've ever read , I consider myself open to all fine lterature but I absolutely hate this book . But the writing is superb !
 Yes the writing is poetic ... but the book says the same thing over and over . I did n't feel like I learned anything from reading this book , the characters are rather flat and the symbols are far too obvious and there is too many of them . It 's like Hawrthorne had a contest with himself to see how many symbols he could cram in .
 This is the most boring book I have ever read
 Hawthorne was a excellent writer for the 19th century , however , this book is very slow and often has no dialog for over a chapter . The descriptions get very long , boring and tedious . As you read this book your mind starts to wander and you ca n't remember what happened for chapters at a time . The only was I was able to get through it was by reading Cliffs Notes then the book .
 I starting reading this book with great enthusiasm for my 11th grade English GT class 's summer homework . I read and read , and I just started hearing names of people who , did n't make sense . I could never figure out who Reverend whatever is , or that other guy they talk about , I just went a long skimming the book , not able to feel any plot whatesoever ! I was completely bored with this book . I did n't need a dictionary whatsoever either , but I will probably need Cliff Notes , so I could understand what the story is about , if anyone can help , please do .
 Why do books such as this keep being required reading in high schools ? Havent there been any authors in more recent time that would provide students more relevancy ? Obviously this appeals to those who are truly literature lovers -- and that 's fantastic . But for most kids , give them something they 'll enjoy reading and maybe they 'll learn to love literature more . Books like this just antagonize and demoralize those who are not naturally literature lovers .
 At some point in your life you may have to read this snooze fest , and I pity the day you are required to read it . Hawthorne takes days to make a point , any statement at all , starting from the unbearable introduction `` The custom house '' through the last page . There is no action , no humor , no joy , only the character study of the puritan society , and a `` brave '' woman . Do yourself a favor and get the cliffnotes or use Antistudy.com . Anyone who truly believes this is a good is either a pseudo-intellectual , or they enjoy the same style of Melville , or anything written by Hawthorne . I would give this no stars if possible .
 Throughout this entire book , one part of my brain was in a state of wonder , trying to imagine how anyone could make a book about scandal , sin , adultery , public shame and cowardice so dull . To finish the book was a test of will , and was accomplished because I hate to leave things undone.There are many fine , engaging , interesting novels , both of our age and of Hawthorne 's . I ca n't imagine why one would want to slog through this one .
 A classic ? Hardly . In it 's time this book may have ruffled feathers but these days it 's a struggle to get through . Hawthorne 's writing style is dreary and dreadful ; if captivating readers was his aim , he failed miserably .
 This completely predictable novel seems more like a beginner 's attempt of writing a book rather than an American classic . The author treats the readers as if they completely lack a brain by stating the understood and by completely beating concepts to death -LRB- note the reference -RRB- .
 I love Arnold and what he has accomplished so it suprised me to suggest that women should start out using 3 lb weights . Sorry , you wo n't get results like that . This book my be good for seniors or those with limited physical ability .
 I 've never read anything from the ` People to Know ' , series , and if this book is any indication , neither should you . -LRB- ... -RRB- . If you wish to write a bad biography , the guide : * Base your work on the officially published and easily reached autobiographies by the subject . Besides a few obvious interviews and a couple of web sites , look no further . Make no attempt to uncover the things the writer of the autobiography tried to hide . * Do n't bother with even the most rudimentary of fact checking , so that your work will contain many egregious mistakes . My personal favorites
 As good as this book may be , the print quality is so bad that I can not read it . Zero stars would have been more appropriate .
 I purchased this book and attempted to use it as a resource for a trip to Cambodia in July 1999 . The only current information in the entire country section was that Pol Pot has died . Cambodia is a fascinating place to visit ... Too much has changed for this book to be of any use
 I have just returned from a trip to both Vietnam and Cambodia . Based on the multitude of inaccuracies in this book , I would not recommend it . I bought the book because I wanted to try Moon Handbooks . Typically , I stick to Frommers or Lonely Planet.Of course , all travel handbooks are going to have their share of inaccuracies as prices change , businesses open/close , etc between the time of writing , its eventual publishing , and the buyer 's trip to the country . In addition , Vietnam , Cambodia , and Laos are changing rapidly and thus frusterate any travel writer 's ability to fully and accurately cover the countries.Having said that , this book 's inaccuries and inadeqauate coverage clearly are below the expected standards of travel handbooks . At each location , I was continually frustered by the book 's amateurish maps , poor recommendations , and shallow coverage . Worse was the author 's discussion of the US involvement in Indonesia . In one area of the book , he states that the US bombing of Cambodia killed 50,000 and in another area the US bombing caused 100,000 deaths . Well , which is it ? Kind of a big deal to get that right.One exception was the coverage of Anghor/Siem Reap . I felt the maps and the discussion were strong enough that I did not need a guide while going through the ruins.Overall , this book needs a complete revamping . It seems like the book was written in 2002 or 2003 with few updates for the 2006 edition . Again , not recommended .
 The book WAS good in its time but EVERYTHING related to traveling in this area of SE Asia , especially Laos , has changed drastically in the past three years . Frankly , a 1996 edition should be sold as remainders at about $ 2 , then someone who wanted only info about the people or the temples could get ethnographic info only ! I was in Laos this past August 1998 and most published info , except the Internet updates by an Australian in Nong Khai , Thailand , who does visas to Laos , was wrong and very outdated -- especially the most important things like availability of visas and safety of bus/road travel . Real traveling info from books like this that are so old could be very misleading !
 This book is getting mixed reviews . It seems like friends of the author say its great . Those who tried to actually use the book are disappointed that everything is so out of date . This edition was not updated since the first edition and is now really out of date . Things change , but sloppy research is always out of style .
 It was an illegible ** photocopy ** . It appeared as if someone took a picture of every page of an original `` Principles of Science '' , then faxed those pictures to the printer in order to produce this book.I returned it immediately .
 I had to purchase this book for a community college class I 'm taking . As a `` textbook , '' it has been a complete disappointment . The `` science '' is sketchy , the research is shoddy , and the huge holes in logic are brushed over with explanations like `` you ca n't prove nearly anything empirically in education '' -LRB- straight from page 8 ! -RRB- . Some of the concepts presented are interesting , but since Mr. Jensen -LRB- no , he does n't hold a doctorate -RRB- provides almost no citations for his claims , there is no way to check his assertions or determine where the theories come from . The book reads like a multilevel marketing sales pitch . In fact , you are encouraged to share it with your friends and colleagues and are directed to a website where you could empty your bank account getting `` certified '' in Mr. Jensen 's unique , `` empirically unproven '' techniques .
 ... Mr. Jensen and his wife have developed a veritable cottage industry replete with workshops , seminars , presentations , publications , certifications -- if you 've got the money then they have something to sell you ... and all of it is centered around what is termed `` brain-based learning '' ... but what this book presents is little more than 400 pages of scientifically unsubstantiated claims and recommendations ... for example , it claims that the color yellow somehow enhances intellectual performance and , hence , classrooms should be painted yellow ... however , he does n't offer a shred of evidence to back that claim up ... it 's all just ridiculous ... how does this stuff ever make it into print ?
 I have only read the first 44 pages of this book , so I 'd need to read the rest . So far , though , it is interesting but seems fuzzy . The writer makes a lot of claims but I was rarely sure if they were proven or just speculation . This is the kind of sentence that makes me queasy : `` Given all the activations happening at once -LSB- in the brain -RSB- , physical performance probably uses 100 precent of the brain '' -LRB- p. 39 -RRB- . Probably ? Why ? Does any one activity use 100 percent of the brain ? And if physical performance does , why is that important ?
 There are two kinds of error in this book , the obvious , and the subtle . The first obvious error is on page 28 , chapter 3 , when glia and interneurons are said to be the same thing ; they 're just not . `` Interneuron '' is another term for association neurons , which carry electrical impulses like all other neurons , something glia do not do . The first subtle error is on page 11 , chapter 2 , when Jenson offers a bar graph comparing relative amounts of brain cells in humans , monkeys , mice and fruit flies . Of course smaller animals have fewer brain cells than bigger animals , they have smaller numbers of ALL kinds of cells because they are so small . Why would you compare the number of brain cells in a fruit fly with a human ?! At least a hundred fruit fly BODIES could fit in a human brain ! Why not show a bar graph comparing the percentage of brain cells for each organism ?! I confess I quit reading the book fairly early in , especially when I noticed the same set of inane `` reflection questions '' -LRB- like , `` What from this chapter was new to you ? '' -RRB- had been reprinted , word-for-word , at the end of each and every chapter .
 I am currently reading the Kindle version of this book . The book itself is very easy to read and full of material to try in the class room . Unfortunately , there are no page numbers that correspond to the paper version of the book . As this is a text book , it is impossible to cite material and the page from which it was taken . This is really unacceptable for a text book . It is one thing if it were a literature book , and even then , it would be better to have the physical page number of the actual book . If I had known that there were no page numbers contained in this Kindle version , I would NOT have purchased it . I would have purchased a used hard copy .
 I find it hard to believe people fall for this stuff . He writes so much stuff that he pulls out of mid-air , supposedly based on the brain research . If you are unfortunate enough to take a class that requires this , read it carefully . He jumps to conclusions with little to no evidence to back it up . Plus , he is neither a teacher nor a neurologist . He just found something he can write about and sound like an expert . Plus the writing seems written for , we 'll , let 's say , young readers . Very simplistic , which is not always bad , but in this case , it is.Again , read carefully . Analyze his statements and look for the actual scientific proof for them . You will be hard-pressed to find any , either in his book or elsewhere . Total fluff .
 `` On average , we breathe through one nostril for about three hours until the tissue becomes slightly engorged ; then we switch to the other side . The nostril we breathe through affects which brain hemisphere we use . '' -LRB- p25 -RRB- '' -LSB- T -RSB- he female brain processes both language and feeling at the same time far more efficiently than the male brain does . '' -LRB- p20 -RRB- These two quotes should tell you what you need to know about the quality of the `` science '' contained in this book.Lord , if this is what we teach our teachers ...
 It is an unfortunate tendency of people who review books to use any and every error in a book as an excuse for bashing the book , so I have to stop and make sure that I am not falling into that trap . Yet this book is truly awful
 This book was in one word - boring . It talks about the first academy awards ... blah , blah , blah ... and then the latest . The book is filled with usless babble that is n't even worth knowing ! Listen people - DO NOT waste your money buying this book and/or your time reading this book ! What a wasteful piece of crap ...
 I 've seen printed versions of this book and I 've been thinking about getting it for a while . Never in my wildest dreams did I think the kindle version would be in black and white . When discussong color and showing diagrams showing the actual colors really helps . I am soo soo disappointed with this purchase . The books content itself is amazing but I 'm going to rethink ordering ebooks from amazon in the future .
 This book was recommended by an instructor . I am new to this crazy pursuit of oil painting . My instructor called this her `` bible '' of color theory , but I honestly did n't understand much of it . Way too detailed , written in language that may be appropriate for someone who has a degree in fine art or art education , but certainly not for a beginner .
 The information in this book is interesting , but the color in the color wheels and all color samples are very pale and washed off . Very disappointing.If you need to use the color wheels or scales as references , this book will not be helpful .
 It is too bad that this is practically the only one of the kind . The aim is great , the contents are great , but the author does not know how to write a technical book . The author refers to concepts and terms that are yet to be defined or never defined at all . For example , at the very beginning , the author talks about `` violet '' and `` purple '' . Am I the only one who did not know `` violet '' means a color of a single frequency , whereas `` purple '' is a color of combined frequencies ? This is a No-No for mathematicians and scientists . For those of who are already familiar with Color Theory , the book must be a great assurance , articulation or enhancement of their existing knowledge , but for those who are new and try to learn as an artist , this is a nightmare . I am the latter kind . The only reason I could finish it was because I am familiar with fundamental physics and optics already .
 This book was brand new when I received it . However , it did not arrive for 20 days after I ordered it .
 As a father of a daughter with autism , i was surprised by how little time the author contributed to the family life . More time was spent at work and then writing a book when it sounds like home would have been the place to be at this critical time for his family . He writes often about do n't critize until you 've walked in my shoes yet he has no problems bashing the GFCF diet which has proved helpful to many families . while written with great love for his son , i am not sure his priorities are in order .
 In reading use comments about Yanni 's album `` If I Could Tell You '' I noticed this author advertised his book . Regardless of the book 's merits , I think it should be rejected due to the author being a shallow , inappropriate capitalist.PS I 'm proud of myself for not swearing at Mr. Mcandrew in this post .
 Author does n't believe in any biological interventions and feels you should just accept you kid 's disability and get on with it . Needs to spell check his work also .
 As a parent of two children with autism spectrum disorders I am extremely dissappointed with the results of this book . First of all , the author of this book decided to use this book to whine about his life difficulties . We are all stricken with difficult situations/events in our lives . It is what we make of those situations that is important . The family of Stephen deals with it by complaining and `` writing '' about thier struggles and disappointments . This book does nothing for parents of children with autism . It offers no strategies or ways of dealing with the diagnosis . Instead we just hear about how they have been treated unfairly or are embarrassed of their son . I for one have been blessed by the people who entered my life due to my children . Furthermore , my children have blessed me in so many ways I ca n't imagine life without them including the diagnois of autism . So , I say to the McAndrew 's get over the `` poor me '' attitude and start dealing with what life has dealt you.In addition , this book is edited terribly . It has so many typo 's and poorly structured sentences . It is very obvious that this was written by somebody who does not have a strong educational background . People need to take pride in their work and if this man does then he is not nearly as smart as he makes himself out to be .
 This book really bothers me . If you are a parent trying to deal with the daily struggles of having a child with a disability , do not read this book . It does not offer any advice for parents , just helps fuel negativitiy . Please do not put yourself through reading this book . If you are still in the grieving stage , this book will not help you . As parents , please try surrounding yourself with positives . Children with disabilities can bring such joy to your life . They can help you learn , help you become more empathetic , help you become stronger , and bring wonderful caring people into your life . Please remember those things when trying to get through this time in your life . Do not waste your time listening to a families stories of frustration , anger , sadness , and embarrassment instead surround yourself with positives .
 The author , Jeff McAndrew , seems to imply that those families who seek outside interventions , like the GFCF diet , do so because they are not able to accept and love their child because of his/her disability . As a parent of a son with autism right around Stephen 's age , I know that this implication could n't be farther from the truth . Many parents with children with a wide range of disabilities do seek outside interventions . They love their children just as they are , but strive to have their children reach their maximum potential . It is complacency that bounds these autistic children to their own self-imposing worlds and these children need extra help to see the beauty of the world around them . It is a shame that the author is embarassed by his child 's disability . My child , too , often deviates from social norms but I vowed a long time ago never to apologize to society for his disability . I love him just as he is but would like to strive for him to see the world on which he often closes the door . My son 's disability has altered my own world . Sometimes it is difficult , but often it has brought me a greater appreciation for even small steps forward . Because of our ability to relate to each other , some of my greatest friends are other parents of disabled children .
 I REALLY DID N'T CARE FOR THIS BOOK AT ALL . I FOUND BOTH THE WRITING AND THE STORY LACKING AND UNIMAGINATIVE . I BOUGHT THIS BOOK WITH AN INTEREST IN FANTASY THAT REVOLVES AROUND ELVES OR FEY . I WAS SORELY DISAPPOINTED BY THIS BOOK . THERE WAS VERY LITTLE ABOUT THE MAIN CHARACTER 'S FEY HERITAGE . THE STORY ITSELF IS CHOPPY AND THE CHARACTERIZATION WEAK . A WASTE OF BOTH MONEY AND TIME . I WILL NOT BE READING ANY MORE OF THIS AUTHORS BOOKS .
 I gave 1 star only because Amazon does n't let you give zero or , in this case , negative stars.Save your money . Miller and Miller make a few points and have certainly done their homework to back up those points , but I fail to see where any new information is being revealed , nor do I see any interesting new thoughts or theories on Ag Terrorism.After reading the author 's bio , being a Ph.D. in ag science myself , I was interested to check out the numerous achievements listed in Miller 's author bio . I searched ad nauseum for any information I could find on the `` hundreds '' of courses he has taught and came up with nothing . I found equally as much when searching for any media appearances , editorials , or other contributions . I found he has some scattered experience in middle management positions in various farm bureaus , but nothing to indicate the extreme scope and depth of experience and expertise his bio claims.My experience was much the same when I looked for any other work he has done to back up the claims made in his author bio related to his law experience and frankly I found very little . What I did find was nothing of significance.If his education and experience are truly what is stated , he has done a good job of covering up his tracks . It does not reflect in the work nor does anyone in this field seem to know who this author is.In a nutshell , I believe this self-published term paper would get an `` A '' in a college course on modern ag issues , but it serves no purpose to anyone who is close to the issues discussed in the book . The author 's bio and creditials are inflated and largely unsubstantiated . Look at the price of this `` book '' - it seems a shameful attempt by the author -LRB- s -RRB- to make money on a compilation that any college sophomore could put together , and then misrepresenting its value with a misleading bio and questionable -LRB- at best -RRB- creditials.May I suggest a worthwhile book on this subject ? `` Terrorism , Radicalism and Populism in Agriculture , '' by Luther Tweeten.Tweeten is Professor Emeritus of Agriculture Policy and Trade at Ohio State University . This author 's credentials are real , the book is well written , published by a reputable publisher and 100 times more valuable at $ 59 than the ridiculous price on Miller 's mediocre drivel .
 This book is generally well-researched , with an extensive and balanced bibliography . It is valuable as an information source for research.While the author makes some excellent points about the ineffectiveness of environmental legislation , his argument against environmental extremism is flawed for this very reason . Extremists and activists are motivated by the very ineffectiveness of the legislation that the author himself points out , and many people who are concerned about our quality of life are often driven to take extreme measures to simply be heard above the din of corporate-controlled politicians and the advertising of over-consumption . The author does not seem to realize that if the natural world was not being destroyed at such an alarming rate , extreme measures would not be needed . Some would say that advocating temperance in a time of extreme crisis would be irresponsible.The British called the American Revolutionaries terrorists , while we remember them as freedom fighters . It 's all a matter of perspective .
 If you respect animals this book is not for you . Putting aside the `` glamour '' that goes with the english accent and the cultural association that these authors have with that country , this book is really full of misinformation , and throughout the book there is a definite and marked slant against animals , this in my opinion separates us from nature , instead of uniting us with it , which should be one of the main purposes of wicca.In the chapter about reencarnation , the author writes `` non-human animals !?? , in general , again perhaps excluding cetaceans , are not self - conscious , they are only dimly aware , if at all , of their own separate individuality . Psychically , each of them is part of a group soul . One theory is that on phisical death the non phisical elements in an animalare reabsorbed into the group soul of the species , which `` buds off '' new individuals from the common pool of physical manifestation.This ludicrous theory reminds me of the attitude Christians have had throught the years , postulating that animals have no souls and exist only for our consumption , use and benefit , as written in the spiritual exercises of a very well known saint.This attitude has lead only to exploitation , cruelty , and ecological imbalance , having had multiple cat households since I was a child , it is very easy to see , even for the non-psychic , that no two cats are alike , they have a definite individuality , and if someone is so callous , insensitive and bruttish , not to realize this , I really doubt they have any psychic powers whatsoever , so how can this authors claim to teach a skill they do not have?A wiser , more logical approach is to be found in books of theosophical literature , in which they acknowledge the fact that animals will eventually incarnate in humans , -LRB- and my own observations seem to corroborate this fact -RRB- and that our present attitude towards them will be reflected in the kind of humanity that they will make.Another major problem I found in this book is their approach to magic , amongst other things , they seem to raise power and direct it towards individual issues as different as `` Bridie 's persecution compex '' , `` success in an interview for a job I applied for '' , '' my sister 's missing cat '' etc.Bridie 's paranoia , a successful interview , and the sisters missing cat , are very different problems which require the aid of very diferent aspects of deity , and in consequence , diferent incenses , colours , candles and ritual arrangements . I remember Dion 's fortune reference to the parable of `` the pearl of great price '' regarding this topic , in which she mentions only one magickal goal is possible to be attained per ritual . And this is the same approach I 've found in all books except for this one.Their disregard towards animal rights is evident throughout the book . In one of the plates they proudly display an athame made with a deer 's foot !!???
 This book does n't even come close to the quality I have come to expect from Maeve Binchy . The story lines never come together . Basically , the entire book is a set of character sketches . Yes , it kept my attention and I did finish the book , but by the time I was finished , I regretted spending the time on it and fussed at my mother who told me in advance that this was not one of her favorites . -LRB- She should have been a bit more forthcoming ! -RRB- I would not recommend this book ; on the contrary , I would discourage someone from investing any time on this book . There are many , many better books out there , including all others by still-a-favorite Maeve Binchy .
 Maeve 's forte is character development , dialogue , and interaction , and Silver Wedding was far below her usual standard .
 Yes , everyone has a tale to tell , and it is the standard Binchy tale
 No ser&eacute; yo quien quite la ilusi&oacute;n de quien necesite de otra vida para llevar mejor la presente . Pero analizado con sentido cr&iacute;tico , este libro presenta numerosos signos de ser totalmente inventado : - Alondra , la primera reencarnaci&oacute;n , afirma estar en el a & ntilde ; or 1863 antes de Cristo . & iquest ; Desde cuando el CALENDARIO CRISTIANO SE UTILIZ&Oacute; ANTES DE NACER CRISTO ? Y dejando aparte este peque & ntilde ; o detalle , & iquest ; c&oacute;mo Catherine - la persona que supuestamente Weiss estudi&oacute; - puede llegar a saber el a & ntilde ; o al instante ? & iquest ; realmente se piensa Weiss que la humanidad ha tenido siempre tan presente el A&N tilde ;O en el que viv&iacute;a ? - otra cosa son las estaciones dentro de un periodo anual - . Decir la fecha parece sencillamente a un recurso narrativo para impresionar al lector , pero que no tiene ningun sentido en el caso acontecido . - El libro cae en t&oacute;picos que en una novela ser&iacute;an incluso detalles `` malos '' . Por ejemplo , & iquest ; por qu&eacute; la vida que Catherine vivi&oacute; a mediados de siglo XX ha de ser , precisamente , piloto de guerra alem&aacute;n ? & iquest ; Por qu&eacute; no era campesino en la India , o habitante de Brasil , o cualquiera de los millones de europeos que no tuvieron nada que ver con la guerra mundial ? Es un detalle que le quita veracidad a la narraci&oacute;n ! - La teor&iacute;a de que las almas viajan en grupo es absurda . La poblaci&oacute;n mundial , hace 30 a & ntilde ; os , era la mitad que la de ahora . Por tanto , estad&iacute;sticamente es imposible que las almas viajen en grupos sencillamente por que hace 30 a & ntilde ; os exist&iacute;an la mitad de las personas . Lo mismo se puede decir de las t&iacute;picas encarnaciones en la civilizaci&oacute;n egipcia
 I thought the author should have used more dialogue . It reads like a history book .
 This book is about colonel Knox a leader of a freshly starting revolution in America . His mission is to carry around 200 cannons from Ticonderoga back to a city where British forces are docked . The main characters of this book are will Knox 19 year old brother of the colonel , colonel Knox in charge of expedition , J.P. a farmers son . I disliked this book . It drags on and never seems to end . Just when you think your going to get a fight there is n't one . the biggest problem they had on the trip was a river with too thin ice . What 's so interesting about that ? If I were you I would not buy this book . It is extremely boring.From a reader of this book
 I thought this book was the worst book ever . It was so boring ! Did I mention that it was the WORST BOOK EVER !!!! It was the worst book in the history of bad books . You should never read it . Take my word on that . Oh , and I did n't just choose to read it on my own . A teacher forced me to read the dumb novel . IT 'S THE WORST BOOK EVER !!!!!!!
 Literally broke the first time I used them . I bought two , thinking that they were cheap and probably more prone to breaking . But I certainly did n't expect each of them to fail after ONE use . Pathetic . Do n't waste your time and money on these incredibly low-quality items .
 I think this book is really good for people who continuously tried to be one of the people out on the court.This is the perfect book to start with .
 While some short story collections form an organic whole that show the author 's strong unified vision , others , like this one , present a hodgepodge of varying styles , personae , and quality levels that show the artist to be wild , unruly , and ultimately , out of control . Certainly it is no coincidence that this volume begins with -LRB- and is titled after -RRB- the powerful short story `` Riverworld '' , from which grew the series of novels so well known to readers of science fiction and fantasy . In this story , every human being that ever walked the earth is suddenly resurrected along the banks of the million-mile river that winds through this unknown planet . The friendship between Tom Mix and the mysterious Yeshua strikes at the heart of the religious implications of the Riverworld , yielding a truly unforgettable conclusion . But segueing from the sublime to the ridiculous , the remaining stories are considerably less deserving fare , starting off with the shockingly sacrilegious `` J.C. on the Dude Ranch '' , where the guests `` work '' the cowboys . While this story certainly makes a strong impression , some readers might find themselves offended by this ribald science-fiction take on the son of man . And after these first two stories , the remainder of the book is utterly forgettable . Very little of it qualifies as science fiction , and many of the pieces seem more like writing exercises than entertainments . For example , `` The Jungle Rot Kid on the Nod '' is a send-up of William Burroughs writing a Tarzan story . While this may have seemed like a cute enough idea in conception , the result is almost unreadable , and certainly is of no interest to anyone who is not seriously into Burroughs . Farmer also tries his hand at a couple of detective stories , but both `` The Volcano '' and `` The Problem of the Sore Bridge - Among Others '' emphasize style rather than substance ; no true fan would even consider these detective stories , but rather science fiction fantasies . Perhaps most disturbing are some of the more scatological entries , including the ultimately nonsensical `` The Leaser of Two Evils '' , the excremental mess of `` The Phantom of the Sewers '' , and the sadly wacky `` The Henry Miller Dawn Patrol '' , which details sexual conquests at a retirement home . Farmer is certainly a great talent , but most of this collection shows him at his playful worst . Do n't be afraid to give it a miss . And definitely keep this one out of the reach of children .
 I bought this book from Amazon in used condition but ` like new ' . Little did I realize or even think about that it did n't come with the jacks and ball . Now I have to try to find the right size jacks -LRB- not jumbo ones -RRB- and a ball . I guess you get what you pay for !
 How can anyone like this book ??? its got to be the worst horror book I have ever read and I normaly like a good horror book now and then . I mean most Horror books or movies give me the creeps this one I could resd in the scaryest place in the world yaw and go to sleep . got to be the worst book ever writen by the way I am 13 just dont wana give out my account name on here later
 The hard cover reprint edition offered by Amazon and others is incomplete . It contains Part 1 only . Note the page count -LRB- 208 -RRB- and compare it to the trade paperback versions -LRB- 310-324 page count -RRB- . Avoid this edition .
 Nice pictures , but no descriptions and the map on the book does n't even mention Merritt IslandBuy a proper birdbook rather than this overpriced pamphlet
 It is absolutely unbelievable this woman IS a therapist , by reading her book , she NEEDS one . She relates to clay more than to children or people . Whatever she was looking for in an Amish community , she never found it and translates that to the reader . Do n't waste your time with this very poor read .
 I wanted to read this book because the simple life of the Amish people intrigued me.I wish this lady would have talked more about the Amish.Instead , all you read about is `` Me , me , me '' . `` What am I doing in my life ? `` Why do I do this/that ? '' blah blah blah.By the end of the book the reader really does n't care anymore!It was scarey for me to find out that this woman is a therapist-YIKES ! The reason I gave it 2 stars is that -LRB- 1 -RRB- When she does talk about the Amish it is interesting -LRB- 2 -RRB- It is a short book and a quick read .
 I 've long been fascinated by accounts of the lifestyles and beliefs of the Amish . As a parent , I am often overwhelmed by unease about our culture . It 's obvious that consumerism is the machine that 's driving some of us off the cliff , but few of us -LRB- especially thirtysomething women like myself -RRB- know how to avoid feelings that we must be the best -- we must have it all , we have to be it all . Hoping for some insight , I read Bender 's book.I think what bothered me the most was that Bender 's situation between the lines was almost comically present in the book , like watching someone lip-synch to a stuttering recording . I was disturbed that her `` resume '' as ceramics artist , therapist , and numerous college degrees were offered up more often than , say , specifics about her relationships with her children and husband . SHE is the only person that 's affected by her experiences with the Amish . Her `` be a star '' upbringing , her overachieving , her dislike of housework -- all of this is undermined by the tremendous economic and cultural freedom she obviously enjoys . She jets around the country without a thought , and leaving her husband for months at a time never seems to be an issue . A little inner voice tells her to go back to the Amish `` to complete the circle '' , and baby , she 's on the next flight . I feel this is why another reviewer on Amazon commented that Bender sounds like she needs a therapist herself.Her intensity becomes narcissistic because her gaze is focused so strongly on herself . She talks lovingly about the limited choices that Amish life offers when her own life is an amazing example of freedom . She assumes the reader will have patience with her descriptions of the way she works out some of her feelings through her art when she 's home -- these are by far the most difficult portions of the book . It 's almost as if Bender had to add details of how un-Amish she is to improve the contrast between the two worlds.I feel that we need to rescue our children and families as much as we need to rescue ourselves from being so damn driven to have the best , and have as much of it as possible . There are some insights in this book that I thought could touch a `` normal '' woman 's life , but as I said , you have to be willing to ignore the narrowness of Bender 's focus . Bottom line
 This book is a self-centered piece of random musings . It is not about the Amish . It is about the author , and frankly , she 's not someone I would really care to meet and discuss important issues with . She spends SO much time on HER thoughts , HER ideas , that one forgets this is supposed to be a book about the Amish way of life . This is not a journey TO the Amish . It is a boring , breathtakingly conceited journey into the author 's confused mind . I suggest counseling for her . Her book just plain stinks .
 I do n't even know where to start.If she was n't so -LRB- as we are constantly reminded -RRB- well-educated and well travelled I would assume that the author just did n't know how to be a gracious guest . Instead of relishing this rare hospitality -LRB- Amish families very rarely invite Englisch guests to stay with them -RRB- she repeatedly criticizes her first host family -LRB- the wife is n't fit enough , the food is n't healthy enough , her room is n't big enough . -RRB- Then when a second family allows her to stay with them she thinks that being their guest for two weeks means she has a right to belittle their plans to expand their homestead to included a much needed birthing center for the community.And to top it all off , when she gets home , she 's too special to share her experiences with regular people , and now thinks the people who were previously her social peers are like `` sharks . `` This book is not worth your time . There are several excellent books that include far more insight into the lives of the Amish and far less over-intellectualized , self-centered , whining and condescension . See `` Driving the Amish '' by Jim Butterfield .
 I was expecting to read a book about the Amish . What I read instead was a very self centered book about a woman searching , rather blindly , I felt , for herself.She had very little in the way of insight into Amish life , even after spending a period of time with them . And her inability to get outside of her own head/her own life was not terribly interesting to read.For someone who always longed to be a ` star , ' I am sure publishing a book was quite a thrill for her . Shame she used the Amish as a platform for her own ego .
 I thought this book was a sad commentary on the lostness of the author . Though she sought to understand the Amish way of life , she totally missed what it is all about . Maybe it was because the church service was in German or maybe she was so focused on herself that she could not see beyond to the fact that peace comes from a relationship with God . Her final line in the book stated that miracles take a lot of work . I would beg to disagree and say that God is the one who does miracles and therefore they take no work , just faith . This is what Sue Bender missed and is still missing I am afraid . We use Amish textbooks in our home education program , so the insights she shared were not really new to me . I think her description of the Amish is valid , but her understanding is lacking . I would not particularly recommend this book .
 I had n't taken `` Plain and Simple '' off my shelf in ages , so when I just did , I was surprised that I wrote in the margins my reaction to some of what she herself deems `` a cloyingly sweet , rosy-colored-glasses rendition of my personal fairy tale , with me cast as the frog princess ... with my new friends , the gentle , pious , hardworking , unself-conscious Amish , cast as the heroes and heroines . '' -LRB- Page 82 -RRB- . She also describes herself on page 4 as someone who `` organized her life around a series of black-and-white judgments . `` If someone is going to understand the Amish from the outside looking in , they can not be seeing things in black and white , and they can not be looking through rose-colored glasses . And , perhaps more importantly , they will not get a balanced or nuanced view of them by living with two different families a few weeks at a time.How someone manages to put a culture up on a pedestal and condescend them at the same time , I do n't know , but Sue Bender somehow manages that . Take , for example , on page 41 when she wrote about having met Eli
 I picked this up because I 've been fascinated by the Amish for years , and thought it would be lovely to read a firsthand account from someone who had gotten to spend some time in an Amish household.I walked away from this book with the thought that Sue Bender is incredibly narcissistic and overly critical of others . In the beginning she mentioned that she had been brought up to `` be a star '' . Let me tell you , she seems to think that she is the SUN and everything revolves around her.At one point , she offers to do the dishes in the Amish household . And then proceeds to tell us how doing the dishes is her least favourite domestic chore blah blah blah . What an angel , to offer to wash the dishes by hand for these people who DO IT EVERY DAY.She constantly reminds us that she 's privledged and fairly well off and gets all of these amazing opportunities in life and she 's well educated etc etc etc.What bothered me most was her criticism of the Amish wife 's weight . The first thing she seemed to have noticed was how chubby the wife was . And later in the book , while meeting the Amish husband
 This book is ` just okay . ' I came away from reading the book not knowing too much about the Amish . Sue prefers to keep most of the information to herself . She does , however , make sure she gets in adequate writing about all of her ` accomplishments ' -- and makes apparent her desire to return to her old life of those accomplishments . -LRB- Big hairy deal ! -RRB- Personally I think she 's a bore ... and a boor ; actually I found her to be pompous . She had a wonderful idea which could have been made better . Sue Bender , you need to grow up .
 2 stars is pretty generous , in my opinion . This book seemed more like a book about the process she went through writing a book about visiting Amish families . I found myself wondering where I might be able to find the book she spent so much time `` pouring her soul into '' . The book is largely spent talking about how incredible she is for having completed such a daunting task and is filled with many backhanded remarks regarding Amish communities . She comes off pompous and self-indulgent , not at all like the humbled , pious woman she paints herself out to be . Would recommend skipping this book .
 This is a very disapointing book . The author makes the complexe Amish community that forgave the muders of their young daughters at Nickle Mine school into one diminsional Disney characters . There is no tension , conflict or any of the human conditions that make people real , just a oh so sweet group of simple people.Of course that does not allow us to learn anything from the Amish and I am sure there is a lot to be learn from them.The author is very self absorbed when she tries to draw any lessons from her time with the Amish . There were spots where I though `` O please get over yourself '' . I did n't finish the book , it was a waste of time .
 You sure must have missed a lot on your JOURNEY.The Amish are the most backwards group of misfits I have ever encountered.Where kids beat on when you were they ? Were wives talked down to and belitted ? Were animals beat and starved ? I thought not . Maybe you should take another trip ... and tell it like it really is . I do not think much of your book . It is NOT TRUE
 If you are looking for a book on Amish theology , history , lifestyle or agricultural technique ; look elsewhere . A five minute Yahoo search will yield you a veritable library of resources compared to this book . Surprisingly , there is ample information online about this oft misunderstood sect of Christendom.The book did have a modicum of useful information , but not enough to warrant the mandatory single star.I found the author 's whining fits , pontifications and raging narcissism beyond nauseating . It was with great pleasure that I found myself at the last page.Ultimately , this book serves not as a commentary on the Amish , but rather that of the disaffected Yuppie lifestyle the author is from . What the author found so utterly alien about the Amish was n't their anachronistic culture , but rather that their of love of God and family exceeds everything else .
 After a series of shopping excursions leave her captivated with Amish dolls and quilts , affluent American Sue Bender attempts to impose herself on an Amish family in order to use their community as a personal spiritual retreat . The result
 After Sue Bender forcefully insinuates herself into an Amish home , she proceeds to criticize and judge the family . She comments on their `` bad choices '' - chief among them in my view is their decision to let her into their home . She is rude , condescending , preachy and shrill . She eats the family 's food and then criticizes both the food and the woman who prepares it for her . She demands fabric for a `` craft project '' and then kvetches when her host does n't respond . She proceeds to purchase 1/8 of a yard from 25 bolts of fabric from a polite storekeeper . I looked up halfway into this book and told my husband `` God , I hate this woman '' . I hated this book too . The book mostly focuses on the author , not the Amish community that she invades . We learn that the author is self-absorbed and shallow with a healthy sense of entitlement . The author 's fixation on the Amish `` faceless '' dolls is telling - they represent her void of self-awareness . More disturbing than the book is the biography listing the author as a `` therapist '' .
 I picked up this book looking for a solid and comprehensive overview of the historical context for current tensions between Israel and the Arab nations . In fact , the back cover has several quotes from reputable sources suggesting the value of this ` balanced ' overview to diplomats , historians and students of the middle-east . It became clear , however , just two chapters in -LRB- covering pre-1945 history -RRB- , that this was n't an ` objective ' account by an unbiased historian . In addition to the many citations to contemporaneous information sources -LRB- many from UN accounts -RRB- , there are numerous general and unsubstantiated references throughout the book to the ` extensive Zionist financial and political influence ' supposedly contributing to the creation of the state of Israel . This premise draws heavily on the repeatedly discredited 19th century Russian publication entitled `` The Protocols of the Elders of Zion '' which continues to be published today in dozens of languages throughout every region in the world . In addition , Zionist military actions are repeatedly characterized as `` terrorist '' activity while the opposing Arab and Palestinian military actions are downplayed and rarely characterized as anything unjustified.The book offers a very detailed view of the events related to the establishment of Israel , but is seriously flawed by its author 's heavy anti-Israeli bias.For a very accurate and highly readable book on the subject , I recommend instead Myths and Facts
 I picked up this book looking for a solid and comprehensive overview of the historical context for current tensions between Israel and the Arab nations . In fact , the back cover has several quotes from reputable sources suggesting the value of this ` balanced ' overview to diplomats , historians and students of the middle-east . It became clear , however , just two chapters in -LRB- covering pre-1945 history -RRB- , that this was n't an ` objective ' account by an unbiased historian . In addition to the many citations to contemporaneous information sources -LRB- many from UN accounts -RRB- , there are numerous general and unsubstantiated references throughout the book to the ` extensive zionist financial and political influence ' supposedly contributing to the creation of the state of Israel . This premise draws heavily on the repeatedly discredited 19th century Russian publication entitled `` The Protocols of the Elders of Zion '' which continues to be published today in dozens of languages throughout every region in the world . In addition , Zionist military actions are repeatedly characterized as `` terrorist '' activity while the opposing Arab and Palestinian military actions are downplayed and rarely characterized as anything unjustified.The book offers a very detailed view of the events related to the establishment of Israel , but is seriously flawed by its author 's heavy anti-Israeli bias.For a very accurate and highly readable book on the subject , I recommend instead Myths and Facts
 I picked up this book looking for a solid and comprehensive overview of the historical context for current tensions between Israel and the Arab nations . In fact , the back cover has several quotes from reputable sources suggesting the value of this ` balanced ' overview to diplomats , historians and students of the middle-east . It became clear , however , just two chapters in -LRB- covering pre-1945 history -RRB- , that this was n't an ` objective ' account by an unbiased historian . In addition to the many citations to contemporaneous information sources -LRB- many from UN accounts -RRB- , there are numerous general and unsubstantiated references throughout the book to the ` extensive Zionist financial and political influence ' supposedly contributing to the creation of the state of Israel . This premise draws heavily on the repeatedly discredited 19th century Russian publication entitled `` The Protocols of the Elders of Zion '' which continues to be published today in dozens of languages throughout every region in the world . In addition , Zionist military actions are repeatedly characterized as `` terrorist '' activity while the opposing Arab and Palestinian military actions are downplayed and rarely characterized as anything unjustified.The book offers a very detailed view of the events related to the establishment of Israel , but is seriously flawed by its author 's heavy anti-Israeli bias.For a very accurate and highly readable book on the subject , I recommend instead Myths and Facts
 I picked up this book looking for a solid and comprehensive overview of the historical context for current tensions between Israel and the Arab nations . In fact , the back cover has several quotes from reputable sources suggesting the value of this ` balanced ' overview to diplomats , historians and students of the middle-east . It became clear , however , just two chapters in -LRB- covering pre-1945 history -RRB- , that this was n't an ` objective ' account by an unbiased historian . In addition to the many citations to contemporaneous information sources -LRB- many from UN accounts -RRB- , there are numerous general and unsubstantiated references throughout the book to the ` extensive Zionist financial and political influence ' supposedly contributing to the creation of the state of Israel . This premise draws heavily on the repeatedly discredited 19th century Russian publication entitled `` The Protocols of the Elders of Zion '' which continues to be published today in dozens of languages throughout every region in the world . In addition , Zionist military actions are repeatedly characterized as `` terrorist '' activity while the opposing Arab and Palestinian military actions are downplayed and rarely characterized as anything unjustified.The book offers a very detailed view of the events related to the establishment of Israel , but is seriously flawed by its author 's heavy anti-Israeli bias.For a very accurate and highly readable book on the subject , I recommend instead Myths and Facts
 The book presents a historical and political account of the middle east from 1922-1984 . The book was originally written in 1968 , then revised in 1976 and 1985 . During the process of revision , Khouri , appearantly , did not make many changes in the original text , a fact that leaves much of the book outdated . Khouri 's account takes a strong anti Israeli and pro Arab stance . For example , he chooses to downplay the Palestinian terrorist attacks during the 1970s and mentions such attacks as the attack on the Israeli athletes in Munich and the attack of the Marine base in Beirut with no detail . His study is based very closely on UN records and ignores the reality of the Middle East .
 Lucky Luciano helping to put an end to the invasion of Sicily -- I think not . The story line was a little too hard to believe . Do n't mix up gangsters with your stories of war and espionage . Stick to your Dillon and Ferguson characters . They 're the ones that we like to read Mr. Higgins .
 As light weight sci-fi/horror anthologies go this is probably good value for money -LRB- given its low price -RRB- , but the apparent lack of good editing and of proper proof reading is painfully evident and you definitely wo n't find any candidate for a Hugo or Nebula award.You 'll find a couple of interesting ideas , a lot of trite and derivative ones and occasionally some baffling lack of coherent character development.There 's enough to show that Messrs. Jason Brannon , Eric S. Brown and John Grover have the potential to write something good , but it seems to be , at the moment at least , unfulfilled potential .
 I was quite disappointed with this collection . After the first three stories , I basically gave up . Interesting concepts that could have benefited a great deal from a really good editor . This stuff really belongs in 12th grade creative writing class .
 Although books about particular cats/pets are rare and appreciated , I 'm afraid this book gave me no further insight into my Burmese cat . Perhaps I am asking too much but I expected to find a plethora of special insights into this special breed . I did n't . Especially in modern cat care I felt this book lacking . My breeders says
 I must agree with the other reviewer that this book offers no additional eye-opening facts in respect to owning a Burmese cat ... The history section is specific to the breed -LRB- but as a new or existing Burmese owner , you 'd probably already know this prior to getting one ! -RRB- & there is one blurb regarding the Burmese characteristic to yowl when they require attention . Beyond that this book could really be for any other cat out there -LRB- feed your cat , give it water , groom it , ... -RRB- . It did n't even specify normal size/weight ranges for the breed and what quantities of food to give them as a guideline . So , in my opinion , useless to a new Burmese owner . Also , I was a bit disappointed that all of the photos are only of Sable & Chocolate Burmese -LRB- they are all gorgeous , but a few photos of Blues or Lilacs would be appreciated -RRB- . All in all this book was disappointing .
 No doubt the worst of the many attempts to cop the ideas and success of Bill James , Pete Palmer , etc. over the past decade . Cute names and sophomoric humor aside , there is n't a great deal of meaningful analysis here , and if you take the time to go back and look at the previous year 's addition , you will see that these guys are wrong a lot more often than they are correct . Their arcane formulas and measurements totally miss the point of something as simple and palatable as Runs Created , and the result is a dull and confusing mass of EqA 's .
 Nothing here that you ca n't glean for yourself if you have a PC and know how to use Excel . Anyone can run numbers and models , and really that 's all you get.The `` writing '' -LRB- purposeful quotes -RRB- is painful.Buying this book is no different than putting a match to your money .
 This may be a good book on military history . I am not a military historian , so I can not attest to how sound Markham 's research into that subject is . Just know what you are buying . There is almost nothing here about Napoleon as a person , not compared to most other biographies . And the social context which gave rise to Napoleon is not really explored here . I find the first two chapters of the book that deal with Napoleon 's genealogy and his early years interesting and well-written . After that the book got too dense and the writing style rather pedestrian . Everything beyond the first chapter of the book is written for a specialist -LRB- a scholar who focuses on the 19th century or on military history -RRB- . At the time of the publication the book received such glowing reviews that I can not help but wonder what I missed here .
 I do n't know what Felix Markham was contemplating when he decided not to write more about Napoleon 's relationship with Josephine . Relegating her to a mere footnote in Napoleon 's life was inexcusable.Moreover , one has to beg to differ and ask the question as to why Markham took it upon himself not to dramatize the wars that were fought , the socio-economic situations that developed , Napoleon 's personal life , or his psychological makeup?Unfortunately , there just is n't any attention to detail in this book , and a historically charismatic figure such as Napoleon , whose led a sophisticated yet complex lifestyle needs his story to be detailed in the utmost capacity.So , in adhering to this argument , it becomes difficult to fathom that Markham managed to skip to one event after another with no rhyme or reason , which made his lethargic literary attempt very difficult to ascertain , nevermind follow.Markham also drops many names of so-called main players in the story , but manages not to tell you anything about them.I could n't fathom how Markham had the audacity to write a 304-page book that should have been well over a thousand pages , or several volumes so people who are unfamiliar with Napoleon 's exploits can envisage who these historical figures were and their part in shaping history.There was n't any background information on the secondary players in Markham 's account . And insofar as `` the Battle of Waterloo . '' Why was n't there any mention of Nathan Rothschild 's banking/insider trading fraud , which gave him controlling interest of the Bank of England ? Nathan Rothschild lied to market speculators about the outcome of the battle , promulgating that Napoleon won the war , which caused the speculators to dump their stocks and assets , leaving Rothschild to purchase their assets for pennies on the dollar , making him one of the wealthest entrepreneur in Europe . Also , Napoleon was in debt to the Rothschilds and he ran out of money and that 's why he ended up losing the war . Anyone with half a brain knows you need money to win , and Markham left all of this key information out of his account.So , in conclusion , Felix Markham is indeed one of the worst chroniclers of history I 've ever come across , and he had no business writing about Bonaparte . It is painfully apparent that he wrote this book for people who are already pretty savvy when it comes to the Napoleonic Wars , and no one -LRB- including Markham -RRB- can successfully write a historical account of warfare without exploring the causes , the effects , and motivative passions.So I reiterate that this was a lazy/sad attempt , and I strongly recommend reading something else more detailed .
 Napoleon is probably one of the most widely written about historical figures . There are many differing views about his intentions and ambitions . Markham takes a somewhat ` unclear ' point of view when writting about the French Emperor . At times it seems like he is praising Napoleon for one thing or the other and at other times he is criticizing the ' Corsican Orge ' . He laudes Napoleon 's form of government as being advanced beyond its years yet he draws on unreliable memoirs which denounced Napoleon with impunity . ` Unreliable ' memoirs are those which were written by those , between 1815 and 1830 , who wished to regain Bourbon favour and be allowed back into prestigious positions . I feel that Markham does n't give a very lucid explaination for the intervention in Spain or for that matter in Russia . Towards the end the picture drawn in this book becomes more nebulous , and we are given the choice between two uncompromising pictures of Napoleon .
 The book was badly observed and shallow , with predictable and cliched plots . It made me want to throw up mostofthe time , and offered very little insight into the characters feelings . Do not read it unless you have to .
 This book did not move me at all . The plot is unrealistic and the characters are shallow ; they do not seem like real people at all .
 Even though it has gone through at least 6 printings , it is a badly thrown together hodge-podge of accounts . Most are exceedingly brief , and piled one upon another interminably , they soon become quite tedious.Much more could have been given if much less had been aimed at . Had the book been limited to 20 or so accounts of notable believers and a similar number of unbelievers , and more details given of the individuals ' lives and importance , it would have been far better . A fact compounding the disappointment is that there is no adequate documentation in the whole volume -LRB- though there are scatterings of bibiliography mentioning books he drew some accounts from , but even these are very incomplete , none giving publishers or dates -RRB- . There are a number of factual mistakes in the book as well . Lockyer argues that the apostle `` James the son of Alphaeus '' is the same as `` James the Lord 's brother '' -LRB- p. 50 -RRB- which is impossible . He makes Lord Byron -LRB- p. 104 -RRB- and Thomas Jefferson -LRB- p. 98 -RRB- Christians -LRB- both were notorious unbelievers -RRB- and Thomas Paine an American -LRB- p. 132 ; he was English -RRB- . He says George Whitefield settled in America -LRB- p. 58 ; he never `` settled '' anywhere -RRB- , and gives a clearly erroneous date regarding the life of Bunyan -LRB- p. 63 ; possibly a typographical error -RRB- . Three erroneous dates are found on pp. 100-1
 I find this books to be incredibly disrespectful of it 's own contents . The information is at best laughable and at worst horrifyingly stupid.Others have mentioned the concept of the ` new ' triple Deities -LRB- as everyone knows that you can create deities just by reading about them in a book and wanting them to exist * real * hard -RRB- . I also found the concept that these deities would be thrilled with offerings of trash and garbage particularly ` interesting ' -LRB- by which I mean nonsensical and silly . -RRB- This book is garbage of the lowest common denominator . A sheer money grab by a person who lives in a self created commune in a rural area . If I could chose one book to permanently remove from all bookstores and shelves this would be seriously in the running for that spot . Dare I say it - worse then SWR if only because everyone knows she writes garbage whereas people , for some reason , think this is the best stuff ever .
 I am a novelist doing research for a thriller in an urban setting . In other words I am looking for real observations , insights and fact-based information on primitive movements in modern cities.I bought this book expecting a serious anthropological analysis/study of actual and widespread Urban Primitivism . Gangs , homeless encampments and other sub-cultures - body piercing , tattoos , branding , fetishes - underground nightlife , drugs , dark religions practiced in basements and alleys etc. I was very let-down , I will probably throw it in the trash.This book is a juvenile attempt to blend many of the sillier aspects of modern commercialized Wicca with an cardboard cut-out urban setting . It seemed to me entirely fictional , perhaps even a lame attempt at comedy or satire . I guess this book might appeal to young wicca-wannabes but I felt like I was reading a 3rd grader 's creative writing assignment.I would be surprized if the make-believe -LRB- ? -RRB- religion portrayed in the book is practiced by more than a handful of `` Weekend Wiccans '' . The book certainly would have been far more interesting -LRB- to me -RRB- if it had focused on studying the many real , fascinating urban-primitive sub-cultures that thrive in the darkness beneath the surface of most large modern cities.Unless you are a Wiccan and are looking for a bizzare , and silly way to `` update '' your beliefs to an urban setting , this book will be of little worth or interest to you.Do not waste your money . It 's bad enough I wasted mine .
 I am one of those fortunate Pagans who is blessed to live in a more natural setting than I used to , but having lived in the city , I did at least expect some creative insight from this book . And was most sadly disappointed.The perspective on the Goddess leaves much to be desired . Referring to her three aspects as ` Squat , Skor & Scram ' is not only gaggingly juvenile , it 's completely disrespectful . The God 's aspects are similarly insulted as they have been renamed , ` Slick , Screw and Sarge ' . I 'm leaning toward more Traditional Witchcraft these days , but I 'm always interesting in learning about a new perspective and do enjoy the diversity of the different Pagan traditions . Also , the cover art for this book really makes an impression . Unfortunately , the content does not fulfill the promise of perspective implied by the cover . Yes , there are sections about piercings , tattoos and other modern/urban activities , but the actual practice -LRB- using the term loosely , of course -RRB- , seems empty and - for lack of a better term - FLUFFY . Like another reviewer , I wondered if some of the content was meant to be taken as humor . It came off as more ` bad joke ' than good witchcraft . Humor as written by a 15 year old dull-normal . Then there 's the altar set-up with the toy car ... oy vey . To place a replica of one 's car on the altar for protection energy is a great idea , but to also put gasoline , antifreeze , etc. is lame and completely dangerous , especially considering that candles and incense are also placed there.In order for Pagans to practice a nature religion in an urban setting we do not need to resort to fluff like this . It insults the Goddess & God and cheapens -LRB- and could quite possibly damage -RRB- our environment -LRB- s -RRB- . I 'd suggest instead finding a nice quiet grassy area in which to sit and meditate or setting up a small indoor garden . Even a jog through the park can be a natural , spiritual and uplifting experience . There are lots of ways to commune with nature in an urban setting . Challenge yourself to find your own unique path and style.Save your money . Even at a discount this book is overpriced .
 Let me tell you this
 look , i dont want to be `` that guy '' , but lets be honest here . i have been practicing magick for , at the time of this writing , about 11 years now . im no master , but i do like to think i have learned enough over the years to recognize books that are not -LRB- to put it nicely -RRB- necessarily sound in its theory . i do like some of the ideas in principle such as using a cup of a strong herbal tea -LRB- one could presume it to be sage tea which i enjoy -RRB- as a discrete smudge for ones office . its nice and could work temporarily . however the section on car dragons -LRB- yes , i said car dragons -RRB- is a little far fetched . to summarize you are encouraged to drive around in circles with incense in your grill waiting for a dragon to fuse itself with your radiator . ok . then , once you have one , you had better take good care of the car or the dragon will get pissed off and leave . WTF ? look , if i could afford to take my car to the shop everytime it made a funny noise , i wouldnt be using magick to attract a dragon spirit to the car to take care of it would i ? unless i need the dragon to scare off some idiot who wants to leave my car sitting on blocks because i parked in a bad neighborhood its a waste of my time and the dragons - which would probably piss the dragon off more than not changing the oil every 3,000 miles or whatever its supposed to be . moving on to the goddess and god version 2.0 we are offered , i would like to say that these are not new ideas . they are as old as the gods themselves . except for getting a parking space , that is new . yes , the goddess loves you but i dont think getting a parking space is the best use of her time and energy , is it ? and screw ? WTF is that about ? yes `` all acts of love and pleasure are my rites '' . i dig that . yet i still dont think that the god is overly interested in helping you get a series of random bj 's from drunk women at the bar and only recieving tidings of condoms and rubber gloves tied to phone poles and fences in return or some kind of diluted heiros gamos . dont get me wrong , im a thaumaturgy fan , but wouldnt it be more prudent to cast a spell or create an egregore for these functions , not harass the high gods?anyhow , i guess i said my piece . if you want to read it , go ahead there are some decent ideas to work with once you sift through WTF material . if you want a book that is a little more respectable on this subject , check out city magick by chris penczak .
 I actually had pretty high hopes for this book based on the description , mixed with concerns that it was , when all was said and done , published by Llewellyn , whose output has been pretty spotty in quality for the most part.Unfortunately , this turns out to be one of those books that was clearly put out in a hurry to appeal to the teenage goth Wiccan-wannabe crowd . The treatment of what could be an interesting subject is , at best , superficial and , at worst , sketchy and incomplete . There is , for an example , a mention of the possibility of using a `` warding sigil '' hidden behind a picture in a frame to unobtrusively protect one 's workspace . There is , however , no corresponding mention of what a `` warding sigil '' , how one is created , how one is used , or anything else having to do with that subject anywhere else in the book.A lot of it is , to be kind , just plain silly , at best.For example , the authors propose a rather different set of threefold gods and goddesses for the urban environment . These include `` Skor '' , the goddess of dumpster diving , `` Squat '' , the goddess of parking spaces and `` Screw '' , apparently the god of one-night stands.The authors advise us that one can , for instance , find a random sexual partner on short notice by asking `` Screw '' for what you want , tying a knot in anything made out of latex -LRB- a substance evidently sacred to this particular deity -RRB- and leaving the knotted object in a random location . If I 'd only known this in high school!There are much better books on basic magic available than this one . Try Jan Fries ' `` VIsual Magick '' . You might actually learn something useful , something you wo n't experience reading `` Urban Primitive '' .
 I 've been a practicing pagan my entire life -LRB- over 30 yrs -RRB- and , yes , I 'm also a 2nd gen pagan . I read just about any book I can find on paganism in the hopes of not only gaining new insight into my own beliefs , but also finding good `` beginner '' books to recommend . I 'm especially on the look out for books that help to adapt traditional beliefs/practices into modern living . This is certainly not one of them !! The best one I 've read yet is `` Living the Martial Way
 I bought this book 'cause I loved the movie when I was a kid . The book is really dry and a little hard to relate to . It 's very English with lots of Moor descriptions.Couldn ' t finish it . Want it ?
 Thought it was a picture book of the Fiords ... . That 's what happens sometimes when you can not actually touch a book ...
 On the one hand , I loved the book , since I am a big fan of Thomas Paine . However , my particular copy was missing the last 50 pages or so of `` The Age of Reason '' . When they get the printing and/or binding problems straightend out and have purged the inventory of the defective books , they should remove this review . At that point , I will eagerly buy a new copy .
 I have no background in history and do not pretend to know what I 'm talking about in that regard . However , when it comes to grammar , I know what I 'm doing - and Howard Zinn , apparently , does not . The chapter of this book that I was given -LRB- Chapter 8
 Max must have had a dictionary by his side while writing this bunch of hog wash . I read to be drawn into a story and it did not happen .
 Strange analogy on death . I tried to go find good in this rambling read but non exist . No need to bother .
 I Just did not like the story line.Ii was not able to get into the story . Did n't even finish the book .
 I 've read this book before.It 's the same old theory you can find in hundreds of other books on the topic of writing craft , except it 's been bedazzled with Words That Appear All In Capitals For No Reason , words with alternate -LRB- and incorrect -RRB- meanings like how it combines `` Archetype '' and `` Stereotype '' into the same word even though those are two very different things , and this book also makes up its own words for things which already have meanings in the English language -LRB- too many of THOSE to count ! -RRB- . If you strip away all of the nonsense , all the trying to market itself as something new and fresh , it 's the same book you 've read before over and over on writing , and therefore it 's not TECHNICALLY a bad read in that respect . But those additions , the terrible misuse of the English language , the teaching of words which will only make you confused should you ever read another text on writing and wonder why all the words are different , make this a terrible primer for new writers and confusing as Hell for experienced writers.Don ' t buy it . Spend those dollars on something more useful , like , any other writing book which uses standard language -LRB- but still the same theory ! -RRB-
 I find this book is in poor taste , notwithstanding the attempt to put a nice cover on it . Not authorship , but cut and paste out of the Bible . I did the same thing as a kid in CCD . But , make a book out of it ? Ugh ! An absolutely awful example of using the Bible to sell books . Do n't support this kind of thing .
 As a teacher , I 've enjoyed using this book over the years in my reading program . Imagine my excitement when I learned that the book is on audio . Please understand , the book is worth ten stars , and I really love the story . It is very well written , the characters are fleshed out and believable . BUT ... the audiobook is a great disappointment . It is read by the author with a full cast . Somebody forgot to tell Mrs. Phillips that she is from England , and , therefore , has a british accent . The woman reading her part sounded like she is from Iowa . Almost from the beginning I 'm listening to audio and I 'm going HUH !? This is what happens when you do n't pay attention to your own production . I 'm amazed that Winthrop allowed this lemon to get out , especially since she is reading on it . Go Figure !
 I rated this one star because the cds are stratched and they skipped all through the story . I would have sent it back , but I was so sure I could depend on this company . I threw away the returned information . I will have to purchase another CD before I use the novel with another class.I am very disappointed and I will think twice before I order again.Thank you for the opportunity to share.Gloria Gilliard
 i read the castle in the attic and i thoght it was n't very entrtaning . but that 's just my opinion . i thought on some of the chapters it dragged on and lost me alot . like it would talk about one thing and then another without alot of detail . for my opinion , it was an ok book . it had it 's moments like whats going to happen next then it was really boring .
 This was the worst book I have ever read in my entire life ! I was forced to read it for school . It was complicated and very boring . I would not recommend this book to anyone !! Please do n't waste your time and money to read this book !! Read something else !!
 This book was dull non for feeling non inspiring boring made no sense . I would not recomended this book to a friend it is terrible . I rather read something else rather than this book
 The Castle in the Attic was about a 10 year old boy named William who lives with his mom and dad in Pennsylvannia . And he has a baby sitter that stays with him for 13 years and desides to go back to her home in England . William doesnt want her to go so he takes her picture of her husband who died in the world war 2 . She finds out and is said for him and gives William a go away gift which was a huge toy castle with a led knight .
 This review is intended as a review of the book , not of the work of Edgar Allan Poe . As a Poe fan , I purchased this book just for the pure fun of reading Poe on my Kindle . However , the book is so poorly organized that finding a particular tale or poem is a real pain and takes a lot of the fun out of it . While there is a table of contents , the individual works are not list there ; rather there are groupings of the works so you have to know -LRB- or guess -RRB- to which group the work you may be looking for belongs . Alas , there is also no index . This is an electronic book
 Find another version for ebookery , or go hard copy on this one . The table of contents , like the print version , organizes Poe 's work into general categories , but stops there . Absent is a listing of the stories themselves , which is available in the print version . Navigating to a particular story requires you to do a search . Penguin charges a premium for a poor publishing job here .
 This is not one of Daignault 's better books , it reads like some poorly written nostalgic ego trip , with way too many paragraphs about beating out the regulations on beach buggy laws and surf casting that were put in place in the Cape in the 1970s . The title does certainly does not belie its contents
 Terrible . The guy is in love with his `` beach buggy '' , which to everyone else translates as big trucks like 4 X 4 Ford Broncos , GM Suburbans , and the like , and certainly not the more aptly suitable dune buggy-like vehicles , given it 's about fishing on the Cape . Tells of his beloved `` beach buggies '' take a significant part of his book.The author keeps complaining over and over , from beach regulations against RVs and trucks , err ... `` beach buggies '' to fishing regulations , and he makes it clear very early that he 's aiming at making surfcasting a profitable business.If , to you , surfcasting is a sport , if surfcasting means a unique opportunity to be closer to Nature , having the sea before you , dunes behind , over a sunset mean a lot to you , or if you 're looking simply for fishing stories , or tricks of the trade , or funny or humorous tales -LRB- as it happens to almost anyone ! -RRB- , or if you were looking for a book which would remind of your own fishing trips , you wo n't find that in this book.The author relates his `` surfcasting '' experience from the '60s to the late '80s , those golden years of surfcasting , before fish stocks collapsed.I was on the Cape back then , and recalling my own surfcasting experience , I can testify that anyone who had his first 30-pounder bluefish on a 12-pound test line could tell you in vivid colours his experience to land that fish.The title and the photo on the cover lead you believe that is what you 'll find in his book.What I 've found is an angry man , his trucks , $ $ $ and that he could n't care less about Cape Cod natural beauty , or ... the joy of surfcasting .
 I thought I was buying a recently written book , and was very disappointed to see this is a 1985 book I had read years ago , with a new cover and a new introduction . For this reason , I have given it only one star.That being said , the 1985 book was a fascinating travelogue for its era . Simon Winchester visited all of the remaining territories of Great Britain , many of them obscure places such as Tristan da Cunha in the Atlantic and Boddam in the Indian Ocean , populated by people who have been more-or-less forgotten by the British government . The best chapter is on the Falklands , where the author arrived a few days before the Argentine invasion . The author 's description of pre-invasion Falklands was particularly evocative , as he describes a society stuck in a 1950s time-warp where the work ethic had been lost.Winchester makes a number of cogent points about the governance of these places . He points out that the people in France 's territories directly elect members to the French legislature , yet the people of Britain 's territories have no representation whatsoever , even though they are generally staunch monarchists . Also , the author emphasizes how unfair it is that people in predominantly white territories have the right to move to Britain , but those in non-white territories such as St. Helena are not permitted to move to Britain . -LRB- Apparently some reforms have occurred since the book was written in 1985 . -RRB- It would be fascinating if Simon Winchester retraced his 1985 itinerary and described how these places have changed in the last 20 years . That is the book that should have been written .
 This is one of those books that copies all of the information from other books and tries to call it their own -LRB- an does not give all the information needed to do the few examples -RRB- . If need information on bookbinding , the best I have found is Hand Bookbinding
 I can not believe that this book has won awards . I like certain passages ; Ms. Scott 's imagery is often good and the `` mood '' is earthy and dark . However , overall it was disappointing . I just finished it and I could hardly wait to put it down and move onto something more interesting . Ms. Scott desperately tries to make her characters more than cardboard cutouts , but she never manages to succeed . I found myself not caring about the fate of any of these people or the house they lived in -LRB- which is really the main `` character '' of the book -RRB- . The author has mastery of language but the story , like the mounted animals in the book , is merely the pretty arrangement of skin with no guts inside . No life .
 I was eager to read this book because it 's set in a part of the world -LRB- upstate NY -RRB- where I spend a lot of time and it exactly the kind of neo-Gothic tale I usually love . She has talent , it 's undeniable , but Scott is far too enchanted with her own writing to tell a decent story . Every time I found myself beginning to be captivated by the narrative or the chatacters , I 'd stumble across a highly polished , self-conscious set-piece of prose that screamed `` HEY ! Look at me ... do n't I write well ?! '' After a second attempt to finish this book I am giving up on it and moving on .
 This is a wonderful Victorian-style novel about a manor house , its mistress , and her domestics . Wonderful that is , until the middle of the story . The author makes choices that effectively shut down the flow and pacing of the story . It 's spooky and interesting , but the sudden turn and the unexpected switch in the narrator 's point of view , time , and setting make the rest of a great read a downer .
 To call this a collection of Victorian erotica is inaccurate as this implies that all the stories are from that era . I felt rather cheated to realise that a few were obviously twentieth century additions . It might have been more accurate to have titled this a Collection of 18th -20 th Century Erotica
 THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE AMAZON KINDLE EDITIONNot worth having . The work is not scanned in properly . It lacks a hyperlinked table of contents . SO if you want to find `` A Man with a Maid '' you have to click through all the pages between here and there to get to it . That sort of spoils the moment so to speak.Heck the table of contentsR e a d s l i k e t h i sHow hard is it to do the job right?This publication detracts from the Kindle 's reputation . Amazon ought to withdraw it .
 It would have been nice if the editor included a bibliography , so people could read an entire novel . For example , The `` Romance of Lust '' selection does n't do its author justice . The original is a big book , wherein the author could n't possibly have held a job anywhere since he devoted his entire day to erotic diversions . No one was safe , not even his aunt and sisters . Well , maybe the family dog . Other selections were uninteresting too . Is the editor really a Major ? Why do we need his military rank in such a book ? Is he still in active duty ???
 My main issues with the novel are that it was poorly written and Huxley utterly fails here at compelling storytelling . I could not suspend my disbelief or cynicism while reading Island at all , and I was often confused about what Huxley 's point truly was.Perhaps I did n't enjoy it because the characters lecture , ramble and gloat about concepts of social engineering that are as despicable as those in Brave New World -LRB- which is a beautifully written and intricately conceived novel -RRB- . Perhaps because he anniliates his own utopia , by the hands of one of its founders no less . He proves that a society such as Pala 's could not exist , flourish and * survive * . He shows us in the end just how weak and fragile such a socially-engineered society would be and how easily corrupted it could become.I honestly thought it was a satire of a utopian society , like Brave New World , but attacked from the other extreme . Am I the only one who felt this?Huxley succeeds at outlining a utopian society ; that much is true . Whether he actually believed in the utopia is another question entirely . The writing is so overblown and didactic that I could not discern his intent .
 I have read enough to know when I 'm being preached to , and Huxley is unsuccessful in masking his assertions re
 The synopsis of this book sounded spectacular , a conspiring journalist gets stuck on a utopian island . The book starts off kind of entertaining but with a bit of rambling but you figure as you go on , it will probably subside . It does n't . The characters keep going on and on about buddhism , sex and mushrooms . The plot barely starts and barely ends . This is a book with no journey and no destination .
 I recently finished this book by Aldous Huxley.It was written near the end of his life in the early 1960 's , and it is filled with philosophy popular at the time or soon after - free love/sex , mind expanding drugs , Eastern philospohy , etc. etc. . These points of view were brought forth within a story about a utopian island in Asia.I had looked forward to reading this book from what I had heard about it . I was somewhat disappointed . There was very little story and a lot of preaching about how bad/wrong the `` West '' is about everything and how sex , drugs and Buddha could save mankind . If you ask me , Buddha might save the world , but I doubt if this would happen in the preachy way of this book.No , I did not care very much for the book . The ending was not even a happy one.The one positive thing I can say is that I do think I really got the concept of `` not-thought '' at one point in reading this book . That has value . It is along the lines of another book recently out , THE POWER OF NOW ; I think that ISLAND is specifically mentioned in it .
 Prior to reading this I thought that maybe as Huxley got older he might have improved as a writer . Evidently he did n't . This was even worse than Brave New World . In Island he seemed keen to promote his concept of magic mushroom so-called moksha medicine , as a means of inducing `` dazzling ecstatic insights '' , coupled with meditation to make the insights permanent . This would lead to `` liberation from the bondage of the ego '' . Sounds nice . It 's the sort of book I imagine pot-smoking male backpackers stowing in their backpacks as they traipse round countries like India and Tibet in search of enlightenment , probably to be left mostly unread , but maybe to be occasionally produced as evidence of being against `` the system '' . In the book there are such things as the `` splendid rumble of Sanskrit '' and such insights as `` Elementary ecology leads straight to elementary Buddhism '' . I suppose such reasoning might make perfect sense if the reader had smoked enough pot before coming to that line . The message of this book is to take hallucinogens regularly to enhance consciousness . There 's no mention of any harm that this might cause . I regard it as an irresponsible way for Huxley to end his writing career .
 I kept reading this book because on some level I was just waiting for something to happen . There were a couple of conflicts that could come to head somehow and make the book interesting in the `` I 'm reading a fictional narrative sort of way '' . However , none of these became more than hints until the very last two pages of the book . When this happens it seems like some predetermined anticlimax that you have been waiting for all along . The book fails as a narrative which is a problem when the publishers want to sell it as fiction.The problem is that it is not a work of fiction but is more a work of philosophy as story . I kept thinking ofCandideorGulliver 's Travels -LRB- Oxford World 's Classics -RRB- . The problem is that Voltaire and Swift 's works were at the bottom much more interestingly told . Island is the vehicle for Huxley to lay out his real utopia devised after a lifetime of intellectual work . The protagonist and the reader are guided around the island to learn about the pro-Buddhist , pro-hallucinatory drug , pro-sex , and anti -LRB- capitalist , communist , consumption , western education , nuclear family , etc -RRB- philosophy.This journey , as the protagonist learns and starts to internalize the teachings of the island , comes to an end based on the forces that represent the bad in the world . Poor Huxley 's utopia even though isolated from the world can not survive as the very nature of the philosophy is non-violent and acquiescent . It contains the seeds of its own destruction . I can not help but think how much Huxley hated modernity and hoped for and sought a world beyond this one in the form of religion and drugs . For him , the struggle was not about the control of the means of production , but whether the means of production should exist . I just think he should thank his stars that he did not live to see the Brave New World in the flower as we can see it .
 Whew , am I glad to be finished with this book . It was very heavy reading , and boring as well . I 'm glad I did read it , just so I know what it 's all about , since it is a well-known classic by a famous author . But I 'm so glad to be done , it was a real slog to get through.It is the antithesis of * Brave New World * , a Utopian vision rather than a Dystopian one . The thing is , it is only very thinly disguised as a novel . Except for the main character , there 's not a lot of character development , and practically no plot at all . Nothing happens except at the very beginning and very end -LRB- and even then , not much . -RRB- What it really is , is a discussion of Huxley 's theory of what it would take to create Utopia . If this is something you are passionately interested in , and you are reading it as such rather than as a novel , you would perhaps appreciate it . The story mainly consists of the main character going around touring an island country while different residents explain all the elements that make their society so ideal . It is a series of highly abstract , esoteric discussions mainly of philosophy and spirituality , told in `` appropriate '' weighty language -LRB- i.e. , the heaviness of the language is apparently intended to convey the seriousness of the subject . In case we do n't get that . -RRB- I did n't buy Huxley 's vision , either . Many of the foundations he proposes for the building of a Utopia are either realistically impossible , almost childishly naive and pie-in-the-sky , or both . For example , magic mushrooms whose effects are only vaguely described -LRB- to me it appeared that all they did was get people stoned to the point of hallucination -RRB- but were essential to impart transcendence and make a person `` fully human . '' And being able to identify and cure young children who would otherwise grow up to be violent , sociopathic , self-destructive , etc. . And getting everyone over the age of 15 to practice Tantric sex , and only Tantric sex . -LRB- Can you imagine a 15-year-old boy being able to do that , or even wanting to try ? -RRB- True , these impossibilities are supposedly excused by being under the umbrella of fiction , but the actual result is that the book does n't really succeed as either fiction OR nonfiction.I was also put off by Huxley 's unadulterated and open contempt for anyone who was overweight . And by his -LRB- perhaps unconscious -RRB- apparent pedophilia . I wish I 'd kept a tally of how many times he ecstatically described the breasts of pubescent girls -LRB- naturally , they were always bare in his utopia . -RRB- I 'm betting such descriptions would number in the double digits.The one thing I did like about this book was that when he was n't being portentously weighty , Huxley 's descriptions are gorgeous and lyrical . For example , I loved the care-crows -LRB- scarecrows -RRB- and the Japanese Hornpipe dance.If you 've never read Aldous Huxley before , I recommend giving this a skip and reading * Brave New World * instead . That one is quite interesting . It 's hard to believe the two books were written by the same person . -LRB- 286 pages -RRB- I did get some good quotes from * Island * : `` Both of us victims of the same twentieth-century plague . Not the Black Death this time ; the Grey Life . '' `` I have a theory that , whenever little boys and girls are systematically flagellated , the victims grow up to think of God as ` Wholly Other ' -- is n't that the fashionable * argot * in your part of the world ? Wherever , on the contrary , children are brought up without being subjected to physical violence , God is immanent . A people 's theology reflects the state of its children 's bottoms . '' '' ... she was slowly , and with a great deal of pain , put to death in solitude . In solitude ... For of course nobody can help , nobody can ever be present . People may stand by while you 're suffering and dying ; but they 're standing by in another world . In * your * world you 're absolutely alone . Alone in your suffering and your dying , just as you 're alone in love , alone even in the most completely shared pleasure . ''
 I decided to read `` Island '' because i enjoyed `` Brave New World '' so much . Well the former is really horrible compared to the latter . It 's pretty boring , the plot does n't make much sense and the main character 's ideas are often all over the place.While certain parts of this story are interesting , in it 's entirety , i would have to give it two thumbs down : -LRB-
 Disappointing . Very . Nothing happens . Huxley pontificates . Spare me . Can see why he 's only known for one book . Skip this one .
 Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of this book is the apparently wholehearted acceptance that its dated and dangerous ideas seem to have found , at least as evidenced by a cursory reading of the reviews . What in the world gives Huxley the right to revise civilization ? The fact that he is well-read ? His adoption of discredited oriental philosophies?It can not be argued that Western Civilization is without room for much improvement ; however , abandonment of family , use of `` mind-expanding '' drugs , renunciation of religion , modification of accepted societal behavior , repudiation of long-standing definitions of acceptable sexual conduct , etc. . These have all been tried to some extent and have universally failed . Huxley merely puts a fine gloss on the 20th Century 's disdain of tried and true principles.Strong families supported by public morality and high expectations with respect to ethical behavior are the means whereby society will advance . History has proven this to be the case . It is no accident that English has become the language of the world -- despite its many flaws , the rule of law and its protections of freedom and private property have given us the world we now , apparently , seek to destroy.Huxley and his ilk would have us believe that our civilization is so inherently superior to all others that we are free to ignore the lessons of history . However , it is more likely than not that humanity 's basic nature remains the same today as hundreds of years ago . For example , regardless of your religious persuasions and beliefs , one must acknowledge that the Jewish culture has proven remarkably adaptive and has a longevity that is the envy of any cultural group -- they have kept their people together through thousands of years of history by following some simple rules that Mr. Huxley would throw out the window.Despite the superficial attractiveness of Huxley 's easy philosophy , hard work and obedience to laws will paradoxically produce far more freedom than a slothful abandonment to what feels good .
 Please let me begin by agreeing with most reviewers that Aldous Huxley was a brilliant man , one of the most forward-thinking men in modern history and -LRB- on the whole -RRB- a wonderfully gifted writer . That being said , this book is absolutely , unequivocably horrible . It is 354 pages of plotless , repetitive socio-preach . Mr. Huxley 's `` A Brave New World '' is , in my opinion , one of the best novels ever written . `` Island '' does not rise to that same level , though , and I would not wish it upon anyone .
 It is difficult to believe Huxley was almost seventy and a highly regarded novelist when he wrote this piece of adolescent rubbish . It is also difficult to believe that so many reviewers think his ideas here are new and interesting . Well , I suppose they were n't so clich&eacute;d when he wrote them , but they certainly look very tired now.The first couple of chapters are actually very good , as we are gradually introduced to the protagonist , Will Farnaby , finding himself shipwrecked on an island and encountering its inhabitants . His confusion and his obsessive thoughts about his failed relationships are very well portrayed . Unfortunately , after this the book degenerates into a very boring talk-fest , with a minimal plot that surfaces from time to time before coming to a fairly predictable end.Island is , so we are told , Huxley 's idea of utopia , but from a modern perspective , it looks more like a very idealistic view of a hippie commune
 Raising Gifted Kids starts off well , describing the support it will offer us later . Sounds good . But the book goes off track quickly.Klein talks about test scores , describing scores , standard deviations , and descriptions from various tests and test versions , apparently as old as 1970 's versions , interchangeably . But they 're not interchangeable , and mixing them up this way will confuse parents who do n't have another source of testing information , and do n't understand the differences between old and modern test versions , and between one modern test and another.Klein then offers a number of vignettes , which vary from predictable to extreme . These are not supportive because no matter what , the parents are the bad guys . After the introduction talking about all the help and support Raising Gifted Kids will offer us , this chapter tells us how awful we are , and all our good intentions are wrong . Pick a specific gifted school for your child ? Wrong . Send your gifted child to public school ? Wrong . Live in an isolated rural area and homeschool your gifted child ? Very wrong . And lots more . Throughout the vignettes , the psychologist knows the single right answer for each child after only an assessment.The rest of the book seems more positive , but has it 's confusing moments . All gifted kids are not alike educationally or emotionally , and the sweeping generalizations are too grand . More mistaken impressions left behind , especially among parents who are reading for support.Parents are , for the most part , doing a good job raising their gifted children . Those who are n't , are n't going to read a book about what we need to know - they already know they 're doing a perfect job . Good parents need understanding and support . That 's why we 're buying a book called Raising Gifted Kids
 Although I was able to find some good information in this book , overall I found it frustrating.The author makes sweeping generalizations like , `` All gifted kids are ____ '' or `` All private schools are _____ . '' I was left with the feeling that she thinks she , personally , is the only person qualified to make decisions about gifted kids . There was just no faith that parents know what is best for their kids or that schools genuinely want to help.Her chapters on school selection did not reflect my experience at all . -LRB- My kids both attend a terrrific public `` Gifted Center '' school , and we have found the people there responsive , warm , and very very good at what they do . -RRB- Some of the advice is painfully obvious . Do n't , for example , say to your child , `` Your weird questions are going to send me to an early grave . '' -LRB- I bet you already knew not to do that . -RRB- There were also some problems with the writing and some typos or oversights that gave the book an amateurish feel.Having said all that , I must admit that there were times when a paragraph seemed to be talking about my child or my experience , and a few things were astute enough that I read them aloud to my husband . Thus the second star.But overall , the author , while clearly very bright , came across as bossy and inflexible with very clear prejudices . Why , for example , did she feel the need to point out what high-powered careers and high-status backgrounds all the parents came from ? Does she believe gifted kids are only born into wealthy families ? It almost felt like name-dropping . Bottom line ? I 'm very glad I did n't have to buy the copy I read . I 've definitely read other , better books on this topic.Pick a different book .
 It was a decent book , but not a lot of new information for me . For the most part , it simply confirmed some basics I have long believed in - not living out your dreams through your children , encouraging exploration without forcing achievement , the need to provide for additional means of learning , etc. . A lot of time spent on selecting schools for gifted kids , which really does n't apply in small towns like we live in . Some good chapters on different kinds of gifted children and some scattered teaching methods . A lot of `` real life '' examples stretched across several chapters that in my opinion became a scattered approach.Probably the most novel idea that came across was that it 's better to be a `` good enough '' parent than a perfect one . By Klein 's opinion , if you manage to be the perfect parent , you set a standard so high that your child will have anxieties trying to live up to your example . Not sure I 'm 100 % with that , but it is an interesting take on parenting .
 I gave this book one star because the author , in the beginning of the book , gives me useful information about the signs of having a gifted child . That is one of the reasons I bought the book and some of the information was useful.Now , on to the rest ... Upon reading this material , I found it to be a self pat on the back from the author on her impressive portfolio of wealthy clients . I found plenty of information if I were an extremely rich person living in a community where the schools for the gifted were plentiful . All of her clients were fabulously well to do and their children were profoundedly gifted . So what about the rest of us ? My husband is gainfully employed and I am a student . We have a modest income and our son is gifted . We found little practical advice for ordinary working parents . If you gross less than $ 200,000 a year , I would try another book .
 `` Raising Gifted Kids '' was the first book I read that described gifted children , and it did have some interesting insights that got my mind thinking , but I find that overall , I finished the book feeling full of anxiety about what to do with my child . Subsequent books I have read , have given me a fuller picture of the issue and have shed light on the shortcomings of this book . I have a hard time recommending it.This book is filled with anecdotes about gifted children . The stories more or less fall into two patterns . In the `` warning '' stories the pattern is `` Child A was gifted . His parents pushed him too hard . He became a perfectionist , and killed himself as a teenager . '' Or `` Child A was gifted . His parents never challenged him enough . He became frustrated with the difficulties of higher education , so wound up becoming an elementary school teacher -LRB- as if that meant his life was a failure -RRB- '' . The `` success '' stories are generally along the lines of `` Child ` A ' was gifted . Her parents hired a psychological advisor , so that they knew the right thing to do . The child became a doctor , and they all lived happily ever after . '' Since the author is one of these psychologist experts , the general emphasis on finding professional help comes across as very self serving . The author 's subtle , though persistent implications that some career paths are not worthy of `` gifted '' children comes across as elitist and narrow minded.I have since read a few other gifted children books , and I have learned that there are more or less two camps when it comes to gifted children . There are some who believe that giftedness is an indication that a child has a genetic gift that `` should '' lead that child to grow into a super-achieving adult . This is the type of gifted child model this book talks about . The author puts a lot of emphasis on the idea that if your gifted child does n't grow up to be an exceptional world changing adult , that somehow the parents have not done a proper job raising the child.The second camp , and the one that the very helpful book `` Being Smart About Gifted Children '' covers well , is that it is often healthier for the child if parents and educators approach giftedness as a temporary state and spend time addressing any current difficulties that a child 's giftedness might bring about . For example , if a child is suddenly finding 2nd grade math to be boring , figure out how to make it exciting . To be avoided , though , is to burden a child with a label , just because they happen to be really good at math at a young age . Often it is the case that giftedness does NOT result in a super-achieving adult , and that is perfectly normal .
 I found this book annoying . It probably has some good points , and even some helpful points , but I was annoyed with the tone of voice of the author . Give parents some credit , for heaven 's sake ! I read a group of 10 books about teaching gifted children , and there are so many better choices that I would not recommend this one .
 Borred , Borred and very borred !! to much bla bla ! I spected that this book would say something about ancient phylosopy , something to think about , but never get it , it is very borred .
 Easy reading book which I would recommend for those who want a sort of `` executive summary '' of the story behind Wright and his works . Having said this , I found the depth and detail lacking for those who have read extensively about this architect whose noteriety is growing with time . Not for collectors unless you -LRB- like myself -RRB- want the book to help fill a spectrum of the vast number of publications which continue to come into popular view .
 This book does n't make sense . I am pretty sure Christians already have a Top 10 list if you know what I mean . I bet THE MAN is pretty upset about this . James Moore went all Casey Kasem on him and tried to trump HIS list . Anyway , it 's your call , but I think I 'm sticking with the list that dates back to B.C. and has guided the morals of man ever since , while playing a major role the development of early legal systems which has an impact present in almost all forms of modern law and faith.Nice try James Moore .
 This book has a germ of an idea , but overall the author 's exposition is confused and unconvincing . The big idea is that life is a set of organic codes and that codes imply meaning , hence the `` semantics '' in the title . Barbieri attemps to show that codes are necessary mappings between domains that e.g. allow information stored in the genome to be translated into the organism through development . A key point is that the genome contains insufficient information to fully describe the organism . From this , the author posits codes for other processes , e.g. exon splicing and signal transduction , although he offers no evidence and just suggests biologists have n't looked for them . He also tries to use his ideas to `` explain '' evolution , especially the Cambrium explosion of phyla.I found his ideas unconvincing . His ideas rest on his model of how complexity needs to be generated , based on algorithms to reconstruct CAT scan images . He uses a new term `` convergent increase in complexity '' to mean `` reconstructing a structure from incomplete information '' , which is based on these CAT scan image algorithms . However , a wealth of literature on cellular automata -LRB- finite state machines -RRB- shows that complexity can be generated by simple rules . Furthermore , repeatable , complex structures can be observed by these processes . If one needs convincing about this , just look at the biomorph images in Dawkins ' `` The Blind Watchmaker '' for taste of how simple rules can create complex , `` body plans '' . L-systems are another example.But despite his claims , Barbieri does not really offer falsifiable hypotheses and for this reason alone , it is difficult to understand how anyone can build on this work as a model of biology.Rather than thinking of codes as means to map information spaces , other workers have followed more fruitful approaches , e.g. how codes are used in information theory as a model to understand the biology . What is apparent from computational science , e.g. Holland 's work on tagging systems , and wet biology , is that life needs to have systems that co-ordinate . Co-ordination becomes increasingly difficult as organisms increase in complexity and size . Biology seems to indicate that many approaches to communication used in industry have their surrogates in living systems.Barbieri comes over as a little petulant that his ideas have not be taken up by biologists . A quick search on the web showed that only people involved in a `` discipline '' called biosemiotics had looked at his work , and these texts reinforced the sense that incomprehensibity was used to mask lack of content . I hope I have given some reasons why this might be so.In conclusion , although I found this book in a biology section , it might have been better placed with the humanities .
 The book contains 280 pages of text , 25 pages of refenreces , 7 pages of INDEX , and many figures and cartoon to explain the concept of author 's hypothesis . Barbieri was a development biologist at MRC in Cambridge , NIH , and Max Planck.This is a typical anti-Darwinism semi-pseudoscience book . I picked up the book because the book cover had a Chomsky 's accolade . It 's not as obvious and outrageous as Intelligent Desing-sort of book , but the author cites his own book to explain his main points . Many biological facts in the book are real and correct , but there is no scientific logical structure to support the author 's `` semantic '' theory . I was struck by the fact that this book was published from Cambridge University Press .
 -LSB- . . -RSB- Let me warn all potential customers that this book is all about quantity of material instead of quality . While the book does cover such advanced topics as Fourier Analysis and intro to Partial Differential Equations , the book lacks sufficient examples about what is being said -LRB- a number of sections have no examples at all -RRB- . I did find the most well-written sections to be the application of second-order differential equations -LRB- applied to spring oscillations etc. -RRB- However , as far as getting a bang for your buck , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Morris Tennenbaum and Harry Polland 's Ordinary Differential Equations Dover edition -LRB- cheaper , and MUCH MORE effective . Trust me -RRB- .
 I agree with the review dated March 14 , 1999 . I 'd also like to add that as of Chapter 2 , I 've found at least three misprints in the solutions manual . Normally , these types of mistakes are not that much of a problem . But this should be unacceptable for any decent technical writing , especially mathematics .
 I 'm a student and am taking a class using this book . I 've found it very difficult to follow and short on explanations . Without additional resources , I would not be able to learn the material in this book .
 While the shipping was AMAZING , the book itself is not much use other than as a list of problems . The text explaining the theory behind is written like sandpaper and often jumps around leaving important processes out . It would be a very hard book to use as a solo resource w/o an instructor leading .
 I decided to self study AP environmental science , which I eventually received a 5 for . This was a textbook I was considering to use , but I found it to be difficult to read -LRB- not to mention a bit politically-oriented -RRB- . I would recommend Raven and Berg for APES , which is more concise and comprehensive for the test .
 I do n't understand how Clarence Day , a good author , wrote this wretched book . A father should not be that vulgar , and should n't treat his wife with that much disrespect . People may find homor in it , but I did not enjoy this
 I did n't find this book at all interesting . . all though there was occasional humor . . in general , i did n't enjoy this piece of literature .
 My order was for a complete set which was supposed to be 11 volumes but the package came with only 9 volumes . I contacted the seller he replied that he has mentioned in his post that it had only 9 volumes which does not make sense . If he was offering 9 volumes only he should not have this under '' Complete Set '' . plus the order came 10 days after my order placement . Not happy with the sellers service at all .
 Sorry , i just didnt get it . We all know the lessons provided in this book . Seems too repetitive . There are plenty of other self help books that are more useful than this one .
 This book really was n't for me . It 's the same tripe as 101 other books of the genre . Although , it might be useful to the right person . I 'd happily recommend it as a gift for a teenager , or anyone who does n't usually read books . The book reads a lot like the `` Chicken Soup for the Soul '' series , with quirky quotes and anecdotes , but very little substance . On the bright side , after reading Chomsky or Neitzche , McWilliams is a comic relief .
 I got nothing out of this book . I 've read many self-help books , and this is among the worst . McWilliams provided worn-out cliches , and the book reads slowly . If you want good selp-help books , check out Denis Waitley and Anthony Robbins .
 I was totally disappointed with the book for two reasons . One , it had a different author than the one I ordered . Two , it was tremendously boring . A waste of the little money I did spend to get it .
 The quotes are wonderful , but the rest is an atrocity and an offense to the intellect of the reader with all the simplifications and self-pity . Please read some literature instead .
 Half the book -LRB- literally -RRB- is quotes . The rest , a bunch of touchy-feely , quite unmitigated flapdoodle . In my opinion , anyways . Considering how easily and cheaply quotation dictionaries can be had these days , I 'd say , go to the source < g > , and just get one .
 This book is n`t worth the paper it is written on !! It contained nothing of substance.Where did this couple live?What were their last names?What was a day like at home for the mother -LRB- Hyacynth -RRB- ? What were her children like?What was important to her?These are just a few of the subjects not even touched upon by the author.I could n`t get past the first 100 pages.I hav not read any of this authors other books since Evergreen , which I loved.This book was a waste of my time and money.I will not ever waste anymore money on this authors books .
 I am a big Belva Plain fan and have always enjoyed her books . After the Fire is a disappointing read . What bothered me the most is the character of Hyacinth-what a weak and stupid woman ! She is not believable at all . Any mother will fight to the end for her children . I kept hoping she would snap out of it , but she never did . She just kept trusting stupid men and believing them . I will think twice before spending money on another Belva Plain novel in the future .
 I 'll have to reserve a higher rating until I finish this saga . I think I will have to agree with the previous reviewer that gave a low rating . The dialog is so stilted I ca n't believe what I am reading . I AM a Belva Plain admirer , but her writing here leaves much to be desired.Back to this unbelievable couple and their disolving marriage .
 This is the first novel by Belva Plain I have read and I can say without hesitation it will be my last . I found the entire premise to be nothing short of silly -LRB- how many mothers would give up their children based on their supposed involvement in an accidental fire ? -RRB- The plot was laughable and the main character pathetic . Sorry I wasted my time on this one .
 Belva Plain is one of those authors who I still insist uon reading . But now , after finishing After the Fire , I may very well pass on reading her books in the future . Known for her blockbuster hit Evergreen and the continuation of this family saga , some years ago Plain ventured into more contemporary subjects . I for one sure wish she had n't especially after reading this book and Homecoming and Fortune 's Hand among other titles . Concentrating on today 's issues liek spousal abuse , black mail , family issues , adultery and child abuse , I still long to read a book like Evergreen or even her more recent Legacy of Secrets which was her last good book.The theme of After the Fire is once again rich girl marries poor doctor man and while their lives should be picture perfect , they 're not . And in one moment the husband is in a position not only to divorce hsi wife but also sue her for custody of their children . The remainder of the book is predictable but all the whiel I wondered why the woman did n't pursue his allegations.I 'm sorry I ca n't recommend this book , even as a beach read and am still longing for another great read from Belva .
 This has got to be one of the worst books I have ever read . It is too slow . The author tends to drag on each situation . I think the plot is good it was just not well written at all . I am struggling to finish it just because I am curious to see what happens with the children .
 Belva Plain is one of those authors who I still insist upon reading . But now , after finishing After the Fire , I may very well pass on reading her books in the future . Known for her blockbuster hit , Evergreen and the continuation of this family saga , some years ago Plain ventured into more contemporary subjects . I for one sure whish she had n't especially after reading this book and others like Homecoming and Fortune 's Hand among other titles . Concentrating on issues like spousal abuse , blackmail , family issues , adultery and child abuse , I still long to read a book like Evergreen or even one like her more recent Legacy of Secrets which was her last good book.The theme of After the Fire is once again rich girl marries poor doctor man and whle their lives shoulde picture perfect , they 're not . And in one moment the husband is in a postion not only to divorce his wife but also to sue for custody of their children . The remaninder of the book is predictable but all the while I wondered why the woman did n't pursue his allegations and clear her name.I 'm sorry I ca n't wholeheartedly recommend this book even as a beach read and am still longing for another great read from Belva .
 Expecting a decent read , I was severely disappointed as I have read other Belva Plain books . The character of Hyacinth is totally unbelievable . How can a person live in this world and be so utterly ignorant of what real life is ? The further I got into the story , the more incredulous and indignant I became . She allowed her husband to victimize her . Yes , he was despicable but she took it all . If this woman loved her children and wanted them with her as much as she claimed , she would have at least pursued some kind of second opinion , confidential consultation , something ! And what about any true and lasting remorse expressed for the accidental death ? She only expresses fear of spending time in jail . The woman exists in a complete cocoon . How sympathetic is that for a character ? Spare yourself this book .
 I always read Belva Plain 's new books since I have enjoyed her previous books very much . I found this book to be predictable from the onset . I looked at the front of the book twice to be sure I had n't inadvertently grabbed a Danielle Steele book from the library shelves . The story line is a standard and I found nothing redeeming or unique in any of the characters . I did n't feel any empathy for Hyacinth 's situation since it seemed totally unrealistic that she would have relinquished her children without resorting to every possible alternative . I am certain that Belva Plain will return to her previous writing style with her next book -LRB- s -RRB- ... please .
 These kind of books drag out their point like a movie with a thin plot . The point can be summed up in a paragraph or two . Take a home equity line credit -LRB- HELOC -RRB- in the amount of your paycheck and make a one time payment to your mortgage . Thereafter , charge all of your living expenses to the HELOC , and pay it off with your paycheck . I checked , and the interest rate on HELOCs is about 10 % . So , you are saving interest on a one tme extra payment in the amount of your paycheck , and then paying 10 % on the average balance in your HELOC . Even if there is no interest if you pay the balance off by the next due date , your interest savings is the one shot extra payment to your mortgage . Certainly not enough to cut the term of your mortgage by years . OH , while your at it , take all your spare cash and throw it at your mortgage . Lose your job or have unexpected expenses ? Hey , just charge it to that high interest rate HELOC . Makes no sense to me . If I am missing something , I am open to being convinced ... someone please send me a spreadsheet with some hard numbers , not pages of pie in the sky stores ! I prefer to invest my spare cash in investment grade bonds of several companies maturing in 6 months or so , and just keep rolling over the investments . E-trade has an excellent platform for doing this . I think I have a good idea if a company will survive and keep paying their bonds in the next 6 months .
 I read the book and I still do n't see the concept of getting a HELOC . According to the book using the example given you take out a $ 10,000 HELOC , you then take $ 5,000 and make a lump sum payment toward the principle of your mortgage along with your normal monthly payments . You then have to payback that $ 5,000 you just used from the HELOC till your back at $ 10,000 then you do it all over again . Reducing the principle reduces your mortgage quicker and you pay less interest over the life of the mortgage . Meanwhile , how ever long it takes you to payback the $ 5,000 to your HELOC your getting charged interest while paying back the $ 5,000 . Lets say for example you have a savings account with $ 10,000 . You then take $ 5,000 and make a lump sum payment toward the principle of your mortgage along with your normal monthly payments . You then start putting money back into your savings account meanwhile your getting interest on the savings in your account . When your back to $ 10,000 in your savings account you do it all over again . Again , reducing the principle reduces your mortgage quicker and you pay less interest over the life of the mortgage.Now can someone explain it to me . What 's the difference ? Whether you do a HELOC or a savings account the outcome is the same . You have to be disciplined in saving your money and making lump sum payments toward your mortgage principle . The only difference I see is if you do n't pay back the HELOC you can lose your home .
 Mathematically speaking , this book is all nonsense . For instance , the author argues that owning a home is more expensive than not owning . This is true if you compare a person living under a tree versus one owning a home . He argues that the person owning a home has a negative cash flow of 8k per year all due to the interest he pays on mortage . But the details he left out -LRB- just to make his useless point -RRB- is , the person who owns a home has a home to live for a few hundred more bucks a month , whereas the person who does n't own a home has to pay may be 10-15k per year for rent . That wipes out the savings that the author is claiming . Not only that , that money is down the drain since it goes to the landlord , whereas the owner of the home builds equity.My recommendation is to stay away from this nonsensical book , else you will be screwed if you follow his advice .
 This book was a simple and quick read so feel free to make your own conclusions , but I ca n't agree with all the other evaluators . This book provides nothing more than an avenue to sell a product . Like the author states the concept is not rocket science , but to separate truth from reality in this book is rocket science . It would take some explaining to clarify the point of the book . An example of a non-truth can be found in the first few pages . The author sets up 2 individuals and claims they are equal . Then he states that one has no mortgage and one does . Then uses the numbers to show how having no mortgage is better . The problem is if the two were equal then the one without the mortgage would have to have an equivalent amount in cash or investments . If that amount made the same as the interest on the mortgage then the one with the mortgage would would have come out ahead and would be equal if they had to pay taxes on the invested gain in the future . The assumption is poor . Decisions like this should be based on your financial outlook , risk tolerance , and future goals . Not a program that is n't really a program at all .
 This entire book could be summed up in 10 pages . It is terribly repetitive . The basic premise is that one can use a HELOC instead of a Checking Account so that your money does n't sit around idle while mortgage interest is accruing . This may have some merit , but it is not clear how much of the savings is due to putting all of your disposable income towards your mortgage . The big trade off is a loss of liquidity . I have been aware of this strategy for a while , and I hoped that this book would help to prove its effectivness , and explain exactly how to do it . It falls short . After reading numerous message boards on the subject , this book tought me nothing new . It really feels like an informercial that I paid for .
 I bought the book because I read the review and it look interesting and funny . But after the first pages , I knew that this was a mistake . Is very repetitive and some of the content really ridiculous for this age and time .
 I did n't really like the book . If the author did n't write the sex portion of the book , there would not have been much to write about . What happened with Nick and the law suit . It was barely mentioned . She could have written more about that and less the descriptive sex .
 Sometimes you need a quick , frothy story that lets you take a break from life . You know you wo n't remember it once you finish it , and you 're pretty sure you are n't meant to delve too deeply into it , but while you 're in it , you have fun.Such is Stuck with You , by Trish Jensen . This is a seriously silly book , but it does n't pretend to be anything else . You are intended to read it , enjoy it , and then pass it on to the next reader . If you enjoy the love scenes , all the better.Paige Hart and Ross Bennett are stuck in hospital quarantine together , victims of a courthouse bombing . Both lawyers , they were on opposite sides of a case , and Paige despises Ross ' specialization of divorce law . They are quarantined because of possible exposure to Horny Monk Disease.I am not kidding you.No doubt you are shocked to find out that sparks fly in the hospital , beginning with Ross ' choice of apparel . `` She 'd had to suppress a squawk of irritation when she 'd seen that his choice of clothing consisted mainly of running shorts and T-shirts . Plain old flip-flops on his feet completed his look . He could have done her the favor of covering up his legs . She did n't need the distraction of his leg muscles flexing with every move he made . And when he needed to bend over , he could at least be polite enough not to do it with his back turned toward her . A position that displayed the contours of his butt in mouth-watering detail . `` So , yeah . You will not be taxed mentally when you read this one.But it 's fun . Along with Paige and Ross ' quarantine , we meet their doctor , Rachel , and Paige 's brother , Nick , who have a Romantic History . -LRB- Yes , if you look closely , you 've got a Ross and a Rachel . A shout out to Friends , perhaps ? -RRB- Even though you know full well how this will end , there are some humorous moments . At one point , Ross and Nick commiserate over their lady friends ' inability to commit.Stuck with You is n't going to stretch your thinking or challenge you . There is some decently written Rocking the Headboard , and the characters are cute . In fact , that 's the word to sum up this book
 Pretty much just a business woman 's Harlequin Romance.Sex scenes in a book cover you 're not 100 % embarrassed to be seen reading in public .
 All I can really say is I did n't even finish the book . I love romances but this one was n't for me . I found it too much to read about sexual desire and how the body responds to it , that was too much for me . I would say this book should say blush or some kind of note to let people know its not clean romance .
 The subject is trivial and boring . The writing skill mediocre.I was stuck in Sri Lanka and downloaded it by mistake when learning how to use my new kindle . Decided to take a look.Sorry , perhaps just not my type of book . It is no literature .
 I bought this title several months ago but just now got around to reading it . Wish I could remember what possessed me to download this . It 's your basic romance novel formula with an attempt at a comic twist provided by the large collection of southern relatives . The characters did not amuse me , and the premise that brought the leading couple together was just preposterous . I suppose it 's not any more far-fetched than soap opera plots on TV , though . This was n't the worst book I have ever read , it just did n't evoke any kind of reaction in me other than BLEH . Frankly , I was most interested in the back story involving the main character 's brother and the woman he had n't seen since college , although even that was a bit of a stretch in the way it played out . The back-and-forth between the two principal characters was tedious and even the sex scenes were ho-hum . Not sure what I was expecting out of this book , much more humor perhaps , but all I got was a silly romance novel , which is a genre I do n't particularly care for .
 I got this as a free selection . It was so incredibly boring and I could not finish it . Do n't waste any amount of money on it .
 This was a free kindle purchase . I guess you get what you pay for with the Kindle.This was absolute drivel ! This writer neither knows southerners nor humour . The story was so unbelievable , it was laughable . Could not finish this pile of ...
 I expected this to be a fun and quick read . And I just adore the simplicity of the cover ... the two heart shaped cherries with their stems making another heart ... so cute ! Sadly I was just not able to connect with the story . It was just a bit too cheesy for my taste-a bit too unbelievable . I could n't find much substance here . For an adult book it just seemed a bit juvenile for my taste . The characters did not act the way I would expect intelligent adults -LRB- as lawyers - they were supposed to be quite bright -RRB- even considering the fact that they were `` infected '' with this ridiculous disease . And the way the legal jargon was tossed into the dialogue . I know that the author was going for crazy and humorous here ... but it just fell way short for me ... too unrealistic.Note
 I got this book free for my Kindle . I have read a lot of free Kindle books and most of them are not that great , but they are at least a little entertaining . This is the first book I have deleted before finishing it . I read to 35 % and just could not take any more ! It was not funny at all , it was super annoying and predictable .
 Maybe my expectations are too high but after reading the reviews I expected more . I thought the plot was too unrealistic for me to even be interested in . I liked the characters but I found myself flipping through pages just to get through the book .
 I love books that make me laugh , and a friend told me about this book . I paid full price , and I feel somewhat had . Ms. Jensen has a gift for humor , but the plotting involved in this book is horrible . Good humor has to have some element of believability in it , and this book has none whatsoever . With a believable story line , Ms. Jensen could be among the top humor writers out there .
 Comedy is so hard to write . I am a big fan of Jennifer Crusie and her natural style which relies on fresh , clever dialogue around a simple plot and well-drawn characters . This book instead relies heavily on a ludicrous `` love bug '' plot to throw the couple together and makes too much of her loud and nutty family in an attempt to make up for stale writing . I was more interested in the backstory of her brother and doctor than in the two poorly defined main characters . Cutthroat guy lawyer who wo n't represent cheaters because he 's been burned and she is the Shrew gal lawyer who does n't trust or give an inch because she 's desperately protecting her soft heart , yawn , er , I mean awwww , how sweet . The dialogue was juvenile and boring , `` His hands raced over her like a blind man learning braille . '' The steamy bits were cliche ; anyone who does n't see the end coming is really not paying attention . I let the reviews sway me when I probably could have avoided the disappointment if I had gotten the sample ; I would highly recommend that before purchase .
 I kept waiting for something to happen besides these two morons lusting after each other for chapter after chapter . Blechhh !!! Yawn . Done .
 I guess I downloaded this book by mistake . I got to chapter 6 and that 's as far as I could take the unbelievable story . I could see nothing funny and I have a great sence of humor . I gave it a 1 star because there is nothing lower . Sorry , wish I could return the book , but it 's been too long , just got around to reading it .
 First thing I noticed about this book was that the pages were stuck together . No , really ... they were . The printer did not get it right when they cut the edges of this book . There were many pages that had to be hand cut just to TURN them . I could not stand the ... design . Then , once I get everything readable , I find that the information herein is , oh , about 15 years old and totally useless for current midi applications.MIGHT be ok if you are looking for a history of midi and want to spent an hour making the book readable by cutting the uncut pages so that you can actually READ them .
 This book really should be removed from circulation . While basic MIDI information is in there , it is so out of date it just makes it hard to read . Examples are of obsolete or vintage gear and has no real relation to todays musician.Illustrations are all cheesy and look like bad microsoft clipart . Photographs are all poor and dated . The section on MIDI and a personal computers lists atari and commodore as possible good choices - get the picture!If you are looking for charts of Control codes etc , - they are in here , but you can find those anywhere . If you are trying to get information on MIDI in the last decade or so , buy a different book .
 This book was published in 1987 and reprinted in 1994 . The book does recognize that it is really when the MIDI-instruments are connected to a computer that MIDI takes on its real power , but only 10 % of the book talks about MIDI and computers . The chapter on computer tells you about the choice between PC , MAC , Atrari and Commodore , and explains in length what a CD-rom is , and why we need it -LRB- not all programs fit on a floppy disk ... -RRB- Sequencer program are mentioned , but barely so.The book does a fair job in explaining the MIDI standard and how it works , but it does not help me at all when I want to get started in connecting the components to my PC . I do think this was an excellent book in 1987 , but digital music has moved on a long way since then .
 I was so disappointed in this book . Since it was the 1998 RITA award as best regency , and beat `` Lord Heartless '' for that win , I was expecting a terrific novel . Instead , the book drags and the characters act in such an unrealistic ways . As far as the Duke goes , our hero , he has no family or friends . The heroine , and I use that term lightly , plays at being a spinster and dressing as a drab . For some reason , delights in hiding her beauty . In the ballroom scene , she behaves in such a manner that loses me entirely - as well as any interest that she should end up with the Duke in the end . He deserved better ! The dukes only friend betrays him . He is a miserable man who society now scornes when he did nothing wrong in the first place ! He should have packed his bags and came to america . I usually like Emma Jensen 's books . There was nothing romantic about the book . Only a creepy feeling at the way society ended up treating the Duke .
 This book says it is a `` look '' and that what it is . By no means is it the Bible or even a beginner 's guide to the 1911 . Half the book is just gun reviews , which you can get anywhere . Another 1/4 or more has to do with competitions and things like that . If you want to learn about the `` use , care , and maintenance '' of the 1911 , look elsewhere . The internet is better than this book .
 Somehow , if I had spent the time reading the book a little before purchasing , I would n't have bought it . He talks extensively about competition rigs , rules , etc. which I had no interest in . I have yet to see a gun rag writer talk honestly about guns . Ever see a bad review in ANY of the gun magazines ?
 I wish I could say that I really enjoyed this book . There are so many favorable reviews . I have to wonder if I missed something.I have to say that I had to make myself finish this book . I wanted to find out what happened to the main characters ... but I find I was never truly interested in their outcome . Felicia -LRB- the main character -RRB- in particular was a naive and simple character that lacked any depth at all.One of the reasons that I did n't like the book was simply the authors style . As one reviewer put it , `` Trevor 's style is internal and introspective , and has an almost Joycean time perspective '' . Well , that is a clever way to put it . Trevor delves into the main characters pasts while trying to keep you interested in the present storyline . This sounds like a great literary feat . However , it is not a style that I care for.It was supposed to be a true page turner , and a psychological thriller . That is why I picked the book up in the first place . I have read many books that keep me glued to the next page , and books that I can not read alone in the house . But this book is not one of them.If you are looking for a true thriller about a psychotic , try Mary Higgins Clarks , `` Loves Music Loves to Dance '' ... that is a thriller that will keep you reading . This book will not thrill those who are into `` thrillers '' .
 William Trevor?s Felicia?s Journey tracks the unfortunate travels and travails of its hero in the gothic , semi-industrial cityscape of a late twentieth-century English factory town . Her meeting of one Mr. Hilditch , the head caterer at one of town?s several factories , brings the poor girl?s already troubled life to a harrowing peril of both the physical and moral sorts.Trevor?s somnambular style glides us through a fallen dreamscape studded with flashbacks in a manner that almost exempts him of the empathetic anguish inflicted upon the reader . Almost . Indeed , Trevor?s national allegory is so grief ridden , so utterly bleak that it is difficult to appreciate the merits of this work . Felicia is so painfully nave that it becomes difficult to sympathize with her even as she is dragged through exhaustive turmoil . The audience?s hope in redemption is dashed like waves against the very shore upon which Felicia lands . So used to such incessant emotional torment is the reader that the climax fails to impress . Trevor leaves us unnecessarily jaded , allowing one final glimmer of hope only to have it washed away in the tide . As such , this reader finds it necessary to give Mr. Trevor a generous four thumbs up -LRB- out of a possible ten -RRB- .
 The kindest description of this book would be that it is well-written and quite pointless . The plot is paper thin and all the characters -LRB- with the possible exception of Mr Hilditch -RRB- are either two dimensional or borrowed from other , more superior , works . The much-touted plot twist , when it finally arrives , lacks any irony and seems contrived . William Trevor is best known as a short story writer and this book is essentially a short story padded into a novel . As a well-written , mildly diverting , piece of light entertainment it would have been acceptable , as a prize-winning piece of high literary pretensions , it is not . Dickens , Poe , even Highsmith have succeeded much better in what Trevor seeks to achieve .
 I found the basic idea of the book to be excellent and very true to life , however , I can not say the same for the characters , Felicia in particular . Beyond her frustration , we are never privy to any of her emotions . What did she think of her plight ? Why did she never worry that Johnny , her lover , might reject her ? I feel that the author made a mistake by never writing in Felicia 's viewpoint during her scenes with Mr. Hilditch . We certainly know many of his feeling and thoughts concerning Felicia , but never , never any of her thoughts about her sinister friend . ... The character of Mr. Hilditch is very well developed , unfortunately more so than the main character . I felt that too much of the book -LRB- one quarter -RRB- was devoted to Mr. Hilditch 's downward spiral . It almost becomes a completely different story.As a previous reviewer mentioned , the author 's practice on going back and the forth between past and present was confusing .
 While I will readily admit that Trevor has incredible command of the English language , what is even more displayed in Felicia 's Journey is the lack of a sympathetic character . The title character-a young , pregnant runaway searching for her baby 's father-should have been one with whom you could sympathize . Instead , Trevor 's love affair with language never quite manages to include his characters , leading to an unsatisfying reading experience . Couple the lack of emotion with a depressing ending , and you have a book best suited to gathering dust .
 Donal Cline clearly demonstrates his inability to distinguish fact from fiction . I find his book to be biased -LRB- towards the Murphy-Dolan faction -RRB- , poorly researched -LRB- claiming that Billy the Kid was known as Michael McCarty -RRB- , and his findings to be very questionable -LRB- presents evidence without veryfiable sources . -RRB- After reading this book I asked myself why did Cline write this book ? He seems to not think to much of `` Billy the Kid '' so why write a book about him ? Why not stick to your true passion and write a documentary about James Dolan and L.G. Murphy .
 From having him grow up a Manhattan gangster to including false photos the author shows an astonishing lack of historical research , especially for a man who has supposedly `` spent more than thirty-five years studying the life and times of Billy the Kid . '' Included is just about every myth ever made up about the Kid with a few new ones thrown in . His sources ? Most of these stories do n't list any which is funny considering how many professionals have written biographies on him without reporting these . The sources he does list seem pretty disreputable too . He blatantly dismisses the accounts of the people who knew him . There is one page where he lists five accounts of Billy as a boy told by people who knew him and dismisses them all as biased . Not one subject agrees with him except , apparently , the ones who were never interviewed and ca n't refute him.His evidence that Billy stayed in New York City until he was fourteen and even committed a crime there is based entirely on the ill-kept census records of the time . There were thousands of McCarty 's throughout the country and proving one of them to be the Kid is by now impossible . -LRB- Astonishingly enough he uses that same argument to prove that it could n't possibly be the right McCarty family listed in Indianapolis as is the accepted history -RRB- He even has to change his and his mother 's name to make it better fit his theory having her die before the record has her show up in Silver City.Based upon this flimsy evidence he makes up a complete back-story . He even has him travel all the way back to New York from New Mexico simply so that he can tie him in with a murder there before rushing back to New Mexico again . Again it requires major stretching of the dates and a name change to attribute this to the Kid . If Billy had ever gone by the name of Michael , been 3-4 years older , worked as a tinsmith at any point , and never left New York City then this might seem a more plausible theory . All the newspaper article says is that Michael McCarty aged 20 killed a friend with a knife . No further proof that it is the same person as Billy is listed nor even exists . As he himself states , McCarty is not exactly an uncommon name.This whole book , while fascinating , seems more a work of fiction than of fact . I 'd recommend it as that if it were n't so boring and confusingly written . No doubt to hide the lack of any real substance . A real shame .
 First , it is very questionable to publish this worthless title in the Name of J. Krishnamurti , for it has never been proven that the young J. K. actually is its author , even J.K. himself does n't seem to have * remembered * having ever written such a thing -LRB- although not excluding the possibility for that -RRB- . Second , even the young adult J.K. would - to put it mildly - have disapproved of many of the teachings the book transports , most notably of the Guru-Disciple dogma
 I have read alot of Krishnamurti , Probably the greatest teacher I have came across , But this book is no better than Humpdy dumpty or the Bible , If it is K which I very much doubt he must have been very immature to write this hollow meaningless stuff.His other works are consistant and valuable , among the most valuable words ever written , This book has less wisdom than the average person on the street
 This book is full of naive falsities that do not in any way reflect anything other than Theosophical nonsense regurgitated by a young boy . This book is full of concepts , ideas , and tradition -- precisely what PREVENTS intelligence from functioning.If you can read this book with freedom of mind you will see the truth in the falseness and not be burdened by it . But if your mind is conditioned in any way , these words will do only harm . In here you will find a concise method -- repeat
 Krishnamurti himself asked people not to pay attention to his immature teachings -LRB- prior to about 1933 -RRB- . For a scholar this book gives a look into K 's mind as a youngster but it does n't portray the important elements of his teachings which flourished after around 1933 .
 Okay , I 've been crocheting most my life but have n't tried socks . This looked interesting and fun . It has proved a lesson in frustration . The beginning of the book with basic how tos -LRB- hold a needle ; make a chain stitch etc. . . -RRB- gives the impression that the instructions will be geared for beginners too.Not so
 I agree with the reviewers who commented that this book is not about making journals by hand . -LRB- Especially the scant instructions on restructuring a hardbound book and the triptych . -RRB- My real reason for writing this review is to STRONGLY CAUTION all readers about the two solvent techniques and the rather blas&eacute; hazard warnings . Blender pens are extremely toxic and have been taken off the market . Xylene is a very hazardous product , as are the solvents listed , including natural solvents such as peppermint . -LRB- I had to go to the hospital because of the affects of inhaled wintergreen oil , even though I was working outside on a windy day . Do n't do it ! -RRB- Many of these solvents leave a scent or residue on the pages long after you 've finished your project.The book is quick to `` read '' since it has very little information . Worse , the photographs are annoyingly without depth of field leaving foreground and background of images out of focus.That said , and the reason I gave it a 2 rating , the journals the artists are keeping are very inspirational and artful . -LRB- They rate a 5 -RRB- Jason Thompson should be commended for sharing these works with other artists -- but not for his descriptions or techniques !
 While the journals in here were really beautiful , it does n't look like the author put a lot of effort into explaining them . It only took me about an hour to read this book and , even with a few creative ideas -LRB- mostly from the pictures -RRB- , the general content was sparse . Some of the shaded sections on the side looked like space filler -LRB- for example , one on `` themes '' describes a travel journal 's purpose as `` chronicling your travels '' ... no way ! -RRB- . It bothers me when writers use pretty pictures to try and pull off the appearance of a quality book . Flip through this book in the library to get some good ideas , but do n't expect thoughtful written advice .
 While this book has a wonderful visual collection of stunningly beautiful books and journals , it offers virtually no guidance on how to `` make '' them . The advice on putting together a complicated book with non-linear pages is limited to 3 steps , with no list of supplies and vague instructions . Poorly edited , there are many grammatical mistakes or typos . Buy this book for inspiration , but not for instruction .
 I bought this book wanting to learn how to make a journal . This book did not show the basics . It was a waste of money , the author seemed more interested in presenting cute ideas and making pretty pictures than teaching basics .
 I just could n't get into this book . Right from the start , it seemed like the author was trying to hide something from the reader and that annoyed me . Also , it contained too many long descriptions . Not my type of book .
 I bought this book thinking how cool it would be for an 8-year-old nephew . But I am blown away by the number of ways a kid could get hurt or even killed by following the advice in this book . After a very brief and largely useless `` safety first '' warning , the author goes on to suggest such things as snow forts that use car hoods and other heavy objects as the roof -- with snow packed on top , no less . If the kid is n't crushed or suffocated in his nifty new fort , he probably will die of lock-jaw from the cut he gets on the rusty edge of the car hood -- or from the old windows that the author suggests are the perfect thing for lean-to forts . Does this guy live next to a junk yard ? There are several cool ideas in the book , but none that a kid probably could n't come up with on his own -- especially if mom and dad say , `` Yeah , go ahead . Anything and everything you can find to drag into the backyard is ok with us . '' Several of the tee-pee/wigwam forts are just fine if a kid is in the woods with lots of deadfall . Otherwise , the environment is going to take a hit -- as are the $ 180 trees that the neighbors just planted last spring . Which is nothing compared to the hospital bill you 'll have for the 19 stitches required to close up the gash from the suggested use of a scythe or weed cutter to `` gather handfuls of grass or hay no shorter than 15 inches . '' Send 'em over to my yard ; my lawn needs mowing . Seriously , folks . This book should be recalled .
 In the past twelve years , I 've gone to being a rabid , enthusiastic and proselytizing Anthony fan to being ... well ... sorta lukewarm . -LRB- My first Xanth book -- and thus my favorite of the series for a long time , just for sheer exuberant silliness -- was `` Crewel Lye . '' -RRB- To compare the style and scope of `` Zombie Lover '' to , say , `` A Spell for Chameleon '' or other earlier books is just begging to be depressed . The series has gone from being always gripping , often moving and consistently hilarious to merely amusing . -LRB- I 've been noticing a constant , half-hearted resurrection of older characters from the series ' `` glory days , '' before Ivy 's adolescence and before the Adult Conspiracy became such an annoyingly inescapable plot point . -RRB- And like many of today 's mainstream authors , Anthony means well , but his interpretation of , for example , racial prejudice -LRB- in this book at least -RRB- is superficial and clueless . -LRB- I would be interested to guess the number of black women fans -LRB- yes they do exist -RRB- who , not having green eyes and straight , rump-length hair , might be more than a little hurt by his interpretation of black `` beauty . '' Black Barbie , indeed . No offense meant to the Halle Berrys of the world who actually look like that . -RRB- I was sad to realize that this will probably be my last Xanth book . Mild amusement has its place , but if you want a * real * taste of Anthony , let Xanth die a quiet death already and go directly to the `` Incarnations of Immortality '' series , or the first two `` Geodyssey '' books .
 The Xanth series is what got me reading sci-fi and fantasy novels . Its a shame this series has turned into unreadable mush.Zombie Lover was the last book I 've bought in this series and I do n't think I 'll continue with it . I ca n't take in anymore stories of adolescents thinking about who they want or do n't want to have sex with .
 What a disappointment this book was . I used to be such a huge Piers Anthony fan but , unfortunately , this book has changed that . Anyone picking up this book and expecting to find a fun , light-hearted , magical read -LRB- the like usually found in a Xanth book -RRB- will instead find a disturbing racist , sexist horror of a tale . The main character is almost raped a number of times -LRB- which is more or less dismissed by the author as par for the course -RRB- , a pair of sisters try to seduce their great grandfather -LRB- and are only playfully chastised for it -RRB- , black people are likened to zombies in the author 's effort to show that he 's morally enlightened , and a good portion of the book is devoted to illustrating that the only thing women are concerned with is tricking , sexing , and inevitably trapping a man into marriage , because a woman is next to useless without a man -LRB- and the only thing women are good for is sex -RRB- . I 've read every single book in the Xanth series up to Zombie Lover -LRB- and every book in the Incarnations of Immortality Series , also by Piers Anthony -RRB- , and I really wish I could go back to when I had n't read this book . This series used to be such a fun little world to escape into , but I found myself becoming disenchanted with the author . I had n't realized he was such a perverted , bigoted , chauvinst . Now that I 've seen what Piers Anthony 's view of the world is really like , I do n't think I 'll be reading any more of his work . Which is a shame because , up to this point , he 's been one of my favorite writers .
 I craved for a fantasy read and stumbled onto Piers Anthony -LRB- my first time reading him -RRB- and who could turn down a book titled Zombie Lover ? Our 15-year-old , black wave hero Breanna takes the reader on a tour of Xanth -LRB- and other worlds -RRB- as she runs from a zombie king in a Snow White kissed awake tale gone wrong . Along the way she picks up many delightful characters and intrigue continues . I was a bit turned off as Anthony insists on explaining all of his puns to the reader and the end of the book was rather predictable -LRB- i.e. I mostly skimmed the last 40-pages or so -RRB- . I was really turned off at the never ending smorgasbord of -LSB- ... -RSB- and bottoms and poorly done sexual quips . In addition , half of my love for fantasy tends to be the cover art and I was hugely disappointed that Breanna was depicted as a slightly tan white girl rather than the black girl she 's described as in the story . Additionally , Anthony 's commentary on race seemed very superficial and uninformed . Overall it was a fun `` bad '' read but one I definitely had political problems with .
 This is the worst of the Xanth novel , that I have read . I was greatly disappointed in the emphasis on sex . This book seemed to be written for the politically correct , morally lost society member . Piers Anthony did his Xanth fan 's a disservce with this novel . Also take note of the cover picture , a small peite `` white girl '' and a zombie , well part of that is in the story . Why was the cover misleading , possibly to sell this trashy novel . Save your money , do n't buy this book .
 I have read this book in search of a way to view my body and my self more positively . However , this book claims that only the overweight or people with eating disorders lack self-confidence . It is not true , obviously . I am not overweight and never had any eating disorders , but I just do n't have a positive self-image . So if you 're like me , do n't read this book . I could n't relate to it . The title is misleading .
 At 60 pages , this is over-priced and not a course for adults . As basic instruction for those 10 and under , it is probably okay . For anyone who even doodles while talking on the phone - forget it !
 This is my first Emma Jensen book and I felt let down after reading it . The plot shows great promise but the contents lack substance and credibility . The hero , Tarquin Rome invited three beautiful ladies and their parents , to be his house guests at his Kent country estate . He had been pressured by his mother to marry and fill his nursery and he intended to choose a bride from among the three Incomparables . He was not in love with any of them and `` took pride in the fact that he had never succumbed to the awkward and messy business of falling in love '' . He was dismayed to learn that his mother had included in his house party Lady Leverham who was bringing her pet monkey and her niece Sibyl Cameron.As far as he could remember , Sibyl Cameron brought nothing but havoc in her wake and was responsible for the several injuries he suffered in the few times she stayed at Rome Castle . He did not care much for her or her aunt 's company . The house party did not go as well as he had hoped and he committed some faux-pas such as scratching himself in front of the assembled guests because the monkey 's fleas had got on him . There were other mishaps like his going swimming in the middle of the night and afterwards found his clothes missing and had to go home naked . The whole house was roused by a scream at the most inappropiate moment when he was getting up the stairs leading to his room ... etc. . All these were too much like scenes from some slapstick comedy . What makes the story most unconvincing is that Tourquin had never felt attracted to Sibyl and there was no chemistry whatsoever between them . She had never inspired any romantic notion in him throughout the greater part of the story although she was in love with him . Therefore the sudden twist at the end is both contrived , hypociritical , incredible and unsatisfying .
 Book is over 600 pages and the print is so small it was difficult for me to try to read so I returned it . Perhaps if it ever comes out on Kindle I would try again .
 this book should be a text book for those studying soviet history . the author assumes that the reader is very well informed -- certainly better informed that i am . he drops names that are mostly meaningless and impossible to put into context ! his vocabulary is beyond the college level . do you know the word `` ramify '' ? i did n't . but the positive side is that remnick has done remarkable research . he has put himself into situations that have put him at risk . his descriptions are graphic and frightening . he is courageous.i read the first half , but could n't continue . it is part of my too hard file .
 There are some good translations of Montale around but this is not one of them
 Lewis Cass is one of the strangest biographies I have ever read . Only rarely in the book is Lewis Cass the center of the narrative . After reading the book , I still do not know if Lewis Cass was ever married or had a family . I know very little about his personality or disposition . I know only about his public career and some of the public issues with which he was involved during his long public career . Cass is presented almost exclusively through his public actions , statements and writings.His public career is quite a story in itself . This native of New Hampshire move west into Ohio in time for Cass to become a general in the War of 1812 , fighting on the front between Detroit and what is now Ontario . He then stayed in Michigan where he served 18 years as territorial governor.Having grown into a National Statesman , Cass later served Andrew Jackson as Secretary of War , followed by a term as Ambassador to France . Upon to his return to the United States , Cass was a serious candidate for the Democratic nomination for President in 1844 before a deadlocked convention turned to James K. Polk . Four years later , Cass won the nomination , only to lose the election to Gen. Zachary Taylor , a loss which , according to the book , was probably attributable to the candidacy of former President Martin Van Buren on the Free Soil Ticket.Presidential politics being behind him , Cass served two terms as Michigan 's Senator until the rise of the Republican party swept him out of the Senate and into the cabinet President Buchanan 's as Secretary of State . It was from this position that Cass watched the dissolution of the country as well as the cabinet in the waning days of that administration.Returning to Michigan , Cass supported the cause of national unity until his death in 1866 . The most interesting thing about this book is the literary style in which it is written . Throughout the book , Cass is portrayed as a righteous character opposed by a series of villainous figures toward whom attention is directed in the particular sections of the book . Prominent among these are General Hull of the War of 1812 , Andrew Jackson and James Buchanan . The general style is to relate a particular aspect of history and then allude to the public role which Cass played in it.During the section on the War of 1812 , Cass ' position is contrasted favorably with that of Gen. Hull who is treated most roughly in the narrative . In the section on Cass ' governorship of the Wisconsin territory , most of the attention is directed to the French inhabitants who occupied the territory at the start of Cass ' tenure . A contrast is drawn the French , who are presented as happy but unambitious , and Cass who introduced American initiative and drive into the territory and , thereby , advanced it into the Western powerhouse which it became.The section on his service in Jackson 's cabinet portrays Jackson in a very unfavorable light , while praising Cass . Cass ' service as Minster to France is presented most favorably.Cass ' Senate years were dominated primarily by the issues of slavery which were gradually tearing the nation apart . Cass is portrayed as the creator of the doctrine of Popular Sovereignty in which the voters of each territory would be permitted to decide the issue of slavery for itself . Swipes are taken at Stephen A. Douglas who is popularly remembered as the advocate of that position . The conclusion of the Senate service is seen against the backdrop of the swing of the Northwest from its tradition allegiance to the Democracy -LRB- Democratic Party -RRB- to the new Republican party which would soon sweep the area and the country into Civil War.The service in Buchanan 's cabinet is used to present the deterioration of the country as well as Buchanan 's feeble efforts to deal with the problem.The style of writing is shockingly judgmental in its treatment of the public figures portrayed in the book . While modern readers may expect to see facts presented in a way as to portray figures in favorable or unfavorable lights , we rarely expect to see the conclusions presented by strong and extreme adjectives.What real value there is in this book is its portrayal of the general history of the times and places in which Cass played his roles in the nation 's drama as portrayed in the 1890s . It is in seeing our history from through the 1890s eyes of the author that we can take the greatest lessons from this book .
 I am so disappointed with the quality of this book that I am returning it . I actually paid more for this edition because the cover looks so nice that I thought it might even be a modern type-set edition . Instead , it 's an extraordinarily bad copy of the original . The illustrations are grayed out , and the bottoms of many pages are simply unreadable -- most of the characters have disappeared from the middle of the bottom two lines . This is not really even a book . It looks like their laser printer ran of toner . Amazon should be ashamed of itself.The `` publisher '' says its reprint is of an older book and may contain errors , etc. . I just purchased a Ruskin original printed in 1885 that resided in the Franklin Pierce College Library until 1985 . Actually , the printing in those days was quite excellent and very legible . The graphics are crisp and clear , and all the words are there . Sheez -- I had to order a decent book from a London reseller and STILL ca n't get Amazon to come pick up their door stop . We 're thinking of making a web site of the seasons changing while the package rots by our front door .
 I 've failed to cook from this cookbook . There are two recipes in this book for stir-frys that appear to differ only in the number of green peppers and amount of oil you use . The range between recipes in this cookbook is smaller than the range of accidental alterations I make to any recipe the first time I cook it . A recipe for bibimbap from another cookbook has me quick pickle the cucumbers and diakon , boil the carrots and the spinach , and fry the zucchini , which results in a large range of tastes mixing in the bibimbap . In this cookbook , you 're told to simply fry everything . There is a fair amount of attention to presentation , and no attention to possible substitutions -LRB- although that is often covered by a set of recipes -RRB- . I felt that I got all the advice available just by reading over this cookbook and not even cooking from it . I 've tried to cook from it , but I just go to other cookbooks I 've got or wing it . This cookbook does n't even distinguish between red chili paste and red chili sauce -LRB- the paste is a simpler ingredient that needs to be mixed with fresh garlic , rice vinegar , sesame oil and water before using -RRB- . I really want to know a larger variety of vegetarian possibilities in Korean cooking , but this cookbook does n't oblige . Only purchase this if you have no experience whatsoever in stir frys or any type of Asian cooking and you want to very rigidly follow a small set of similar recipes that include detailed presentation information .
 I was really turned off by the evident lack of cultural research that the author did on the subject of Korean culinary customs . It is laden with errors , which could have easily been picked up by anyone familiar with Korean cooking . Koreans generally do n't have dessert . It is more of a western concept . Though sometimes fruit or a fruit drink is served after dinner , this is usually in a restaurant , not at the family dining room table.She says that Kimchi and other side dishes can be prepared days in advance . Kimchi can be prepared weeks in advance . Kimchi has to ripen and will ripen according to how it is pickled and the environment it is pickled in . This statement made me lose credibility in her.Also the glossary does not consistently give both the American and the Korean names of items , making it more difficult to identify the item in a Korean grocery store.I was looking for more authentic Korean vegetarian recipes and I lost faith in my guide as I read the book . But some of the dishes I have made do taste good . So if you 're not in pursuit of authenticity , this is a good alternative .
 I have to agree with the previous reviewer . This book is more like the cliff notes to a book about men 's fashion , tradition , style , etc. . The other half of the book is relatively useless - unless , of course , you 're a millionaire & world traveller . The prose is humorous at times becasue it 's so pretentious - bordering on the effeminate a la Niles Crane . Still , there are some very imporatnt basice male fashion rules established by history and tradition , discussed in this book , which one wishes were adhered to more regularly . The first half of the book is serviceable , but not authoritative . Flusser comes off somewhat foppish and the picture of him on the dustjacket would lead me to question his taste in , if nothing else , haircuts ! I would consider a better book , with far more lavish detail and illustrations to be `` Gentlemen
 3/4 of this book is where to shop , with locations noted in Chicago , Houston , Florence , Milan , NYC , Vienna , etc -LRB- but not Beijing , Shanghai or Hong Kong -RRB- . The rest is spoiled by a pompous , overbearing style that makes it unreadable .
 I bought this book a year ago , mainly because of its high ratings . But I was disappointed . I read it once and I found the style of writing outdated and the content not so useful
 What if you live outside of New York ? This book is n't applicable for anyone outside `` The City . '' Buy a book from John Bridges instead .
 Somehow Flusser has managed to win acclaim for a book that is one-half tourist guide for only the rich and famous -LRB- where to buy fine clothes in Milan , etc , which is useless to most of us -RRB- and one-half a pompous , overly opinionated instruction-manual on tailored clothing . The instruction in this part is useful , but it 's not worth the price of the book . Take away the travel guide and then clip away Flusser 's dreadfully affected , ornate writing manner , and the total amount of instruction here on men 's clothing boils down to about 50 pages . As for those 50 pages
 A good book for the newly diagnosed t1 diabetic full of practical advice on dealing with the day in day out drudgery of keeping diabetes in check . Also filled with lots of interesting stories and observations from Dick Bernsteins many years of living with diabetes himself . However some of his advice is questionable at best and poor at worst . Among those are : Extreme diet advice that forbids the consumption of whole fresh fruits , nuts , grains and even tomatoes ; enthusiasm in prescribing troglitazone for t2 -LRB- which was recalled by the FDA -RRB- ; Anerobic over aerobic exercise ; His explanations for the causes of complications -LRB- such as nepropathy and neuropathy -RRB- in the addenum at the back of the book have since been disproven since the 1997 edition.But barring that it does have alot of good practical info and his own life story is really a compelling drama in itself . If your are managing alright with your diabetes i would not reccomend this book you could use the money to pay for related supplies for this expensive $ disease $ . If your diabetes isnt under control or you are new to diabetes or your doctor is a total -LSB- ... -RSB- , this book may help you out , but keep a critical thought process while reading because everything written is n't necessary valid ...
 Well , as a vegetarian and resident of a country seeing exploding diabetic population -LRB- India -RRB- I find this approach to diabetes unconvincing.ONE , the emphasis is on animal foods . This has three difficultiescultural prohibitionsbiological concentration of alien hormones , pesticides and antibioticsand last not least , the cost factor of such a diet.TWO there is compulsive testing of blood sugar levels.THREE it encourages dependency on the clinician.Where 's the sense of freedom in all this?In my counselling sessions I use sprouted whole legumes , leafy vegetables , NO ANIMAL PRODUCTS , resistence exercises , meditation , family support . It all works fine .
 This book is mostly for those with Diabetes one.This is his second book.His first book was a good one and full of useful info for both types of Diabetes.If you are a Diabetic type I then this book is for you.If you are a Diabetic II then buy his first book.I am a Diabetic II and this book was really a waste of my money .
 i ca n't live without carbohidrates ! if you want to lose your mind , follow this diet ; the pills dr bernstein prescribes for people who are addicted to carbohidrates , my doctor will not prescribe , i know this because he recomended me the high carb low fat diet to loose weight .
 Blood sugar is only part of the equation . Following this type of diet causes high acidic levels which causes illness . This diet is nothing new . My grandmother followed this kind of plan back in the late 40 's because they thought ALL carbs were bad . Today we know that the brain needs glucose to function . Carbs + high fiber leaves lower net carbs . And diabetics need a balance -- in fact all people need a balance of healthy whole foods and exercise and fresh air . One more thing ; my grandmother died of a massive heart attack on this kind of plan . She was only in her 50 's .
 ... I very much appreciate the Doctor 's efforts to help but this book nearly killed me -LRB- and I 'm not kidding -RRB- . I tried following his advice and dropped from 230pds to 160pds in about two months -LRB- I 'm nearly 2 meters tall -RRB- . In fact , the doctors became so concerned about my mental and physical health that my wife and I eventually went to see a shrink . My internal organs were starving and I looked like a war prisoner coming out of some awful camp . At the heart of it was this book . While it gave me some good ideas it was unrealistic for me and what I realized was that his recommendations may not be the only truth . Everyone 's blood sugar goes up after eating but where diabetics get hung up is that it may go too high and does n't want to come back down far enough . Likewise , his method is probably better for those who are on medications -LRB- I have non-diabetic blood sugar and A1C levels w/o meds -RRB- and access to foods I 've never heard of.I know that he has something akin to a cult following , and run the risk of their wrath for saying anything unflattering about him , but if you 're just starting out on the diabetes journey be careful with this book . There are a lot of ` experts ' out there and so read what they have to say and then do what 's right for you with your doctor 's help . Some are selling snake oil while others provide you sound , and reasonable advice . Take a look at the book on the '50 diabetes myths ' for something a bit more balanced.Diabetes is a personal journey and so there are no miracle cures or cookie cutter approaches to it . As the Doctor rightfully states in his book -LRB- s -RRB- , the goal is better blood sugar management , which is doable , but do what makes sense for you .
 Recipes are a bit strange and not easy to follow . I would n't recomment this book at this time for anyone serious about cooking .
 If you can read the above lines out loud with a straight face , you just might be able to take Max Brand 's Donnegan seriously . The novel has several weaknesses , but the one that turns it into a spectacular failure is its ludicrous framing story.Donnegan , a short red-haired tramp , rides the rails in search of a man named Rusty Dick -LRB- please , no snickering -RRB- . Having discovered that his quarry is dead , Donnegan jumps off the train , forces his way into a stranger 's house , and falls in love with the owner 's daughter on the spot . The owner , one Colonel Macon , sends Donnegan with his daughter to the Corner , a mining town , hoping that the girl will win back her lover , Jim Landis , from the shadowy Lord Nick , who has horned in on the Colonel 's profitable business arrangements with Landis . Failing that , Donnegan is to kill Landis.This nearly intolerable beginning then gives place to a fairly good second act ; the Corner turns out to be an interesting place with interesting characters . Donnegan wins himself an ally , a giant black fighting man named George Washington Green , while the beautiful , scheming Nelly Lebrun proves a formidable obstacle to Donnegan . Jim Landis proves to be no opponent at all , but a mere human football whom the real players are fighting to possess.Donnegan 's character gets more fleshed out in the second act . As in Destry Rides Again , Max Brand shows a talent for portraying a hero who is severely and obviously flawed - lazy , an almost pathological liar , perpetually needing to prove his manhood - yet nonetheless lovable for that . Indeed , Donnegan is so flawed that the story seems to be inevitably heading for a tragic denouement that might redeem the absurdity of the first act.Unfortunately , there 's no such luck . Almost from the minute the shadowy Lord Nick walks on the stage -LRB- his true identity should surprise no one -RRB- , the story careers off into utter absurdity again . The characters ' motivations , none too credible to begin with , now contort into self-parody . Do n't feel bad if you can make no sense whatsoever out of the last few chapters ; everybody , including the characters themselves , is just as confused as you are.Unlike many later Western authors , many of whom preferred to tiptoe around the question of racism , Max Brand places race relations front and center in this novel , even more than in Destry Rides Again . This time , we get a clearer picture of what Brand 's own racial attitudes were
 Seeking more knowledge of Sufism was my main reason for reading Catching the Thread . The description of Sufism was too scattered over the chapters for me to put the pieces together in a satisfying way . Just one chapter summarizing the basics would have made the difference . The amount of dream material was excessive . Why not just a few extensive case examples . It is impossible for me to judge the quality of the dream interpretation , given the limited information on the dreamers . Most of the applications of Jungian concepts seemed appropriate to me . For those unfamiliar with Jungian psychology , this book serves as a useful introduction .
 I found this book to be very out of date . I ca n't count how many times I read `` coming in 2000 '' and then no info on the subject . I did n't expect this from a book written for 2001 . I have the 2000 official guide and it is much more up to date . The only thing I liked about the book is the coverage of non disney parks . This book was a huge waste of money .
 I love Little Critter books , but this one is n't as good as most . It is cute , and my kids like it fine , but others are better . I think my favorite are the ones titled &#34; Just Me and ... &#34;
 For decades scholars have been misdirected and sidetracked in their study of witchcraft due to an almost singular focus on the writings of Gerald Gardner , Gardnerian Wicca , and all that evolved from this singular core . Hutton 's book is a primary example of this tunnel vision approach to the study of witchcraft as an ongoing religion.Gerald Gardner was simply one man living on a small island nation , who made certain claims about being involved with various groups and individuals alledged to belong to a religion he called Wicca . What he discovered -LRB- or as some people claim he invented -RRB- has little to do with witchcraft as a whole.Witchcraft existed long before Gardner and has continued on quite nicely without him and what he generated . One of the major failings of Hutton 's book is that it treats Gardner and Gardnerian Wicca as being the history of modern witchcraft as a whole . It is not , it is instead simply the history of one thing that became public in England and was then carried to other regions of Europe and to the United States.Hutton 's book , taken strictly as a history of Gardnerian Wicca and its offshoots , seems sound enough for what it is . I do n't know for sure and it 's really not all that important . I was simpy disappointed that this book claimed to be a history of modern pagan witchcraft when what it actually presents is an indepth look at the view of one man -LRB- Gardner -RRB- and the things that sprang from his writings on it . Perhaps the book should have been subtitled
 Despite being horrifically overwritten , this book pays little attention to its subject.Most of the book is disparaging comments about what other authors have written on a variety of topics ; the relevance to witchcraft is never explained . There is no thesis statement to aid us in attempting to connect the material on our own.Although he criticizes everyone else across a myriad of subjects , he never presents the corrected view . He would have done better to at least establish his hypothesis up front and tell us how each chapter contributes to proving it.The subtitle says this is a history . The only history it contains is brief discussions of Gardner , Sanders , feminist Wicca and the Craft 's purported reluctance to acknowledge modern historians . He claims the latter agree few people were killed as witches during the Burning Times -LRB- he does n't give a number -RRB- and that sabbats mentioned during those trials were wholly fictitious -LRB- he does n't explain why one would ignore the trial testimony to reach this conclusion -RRB- . Of Gardner 's greatest controversy -LRB- did he inherit or invent -RRB- , the author draws no conclusion.Unacknowledged by the subtitle is the limitation of the work to British witchcraft except for a foray into how American feminist Wicca influenced British Craft.It 's as if Schlesinger 's `` A Thousand Days '' mentioned JFK 's birth , talked about his performance in first grade , discussed his sisters and spent the rest of the time disparaging other books about presidents from McKinley on up and bootleggers . Would anyone call that history?Hutton 's definition of `` close acquaintance '' -LRB- his words -RRB- with various covens includes those he visited * once * . His experience was exclusively with witches in covens which , I suspect , were the minority of witches even at the time the author was working.This is hardly `` a history of modern pagan witchcraft '' which the subtitle claims.As the author writes -LRB- bashing yet another predecessor -RRB- , `` The quantity of actual ... historical information contained here is minimal ... '' -LRB- Kindle location 4883-86 -RRB- , a judgment which aptly describes his own work in the present book .
 I found this book to be of some interest as a perspective on modern Wicca/Witchcraft . However , I felt somewhat embarassed for the author in his desperate attempt to help scholars recover from their former skepticism regarding Gerald Gardner 's claims about Dorothy Clutterbuck . The academic community had long held that Gardner invented this character , but Doreen Valiente went on to prove Clutterbuck 's actual existence . Hutton , while now accepting the truth of Clutterbuck 's existence , moves forward with a tunnel vision approach intended to prove that even though she turned out to be a real person , she was probably not a witch ! . This reminds us of another scholarly stand that Charles Leland invented the Gospel of Aradia , a position now also shown to have been incorrect with the publication of the new translation though Phoenix Books.The Triumph of the Moon appears to be yet another scholarly dismissal of the `` personal truths '' held by many modern Wiccans/Witches while at the same time white-washing the ongoing errors made by modern scholars in the study of Witchcraft . The truth , it seems , often lies directly halfway between opposing views . Well , maybe in the next book ...
 `` Another such Triumph and we are ruined . '' Pyrrhus 279 BCEUpdate added 9-7-2006 . I am delighted to see that my review has inspired an army of Hutton-devotees to slap together substance-free positive reviews in order to try to counteract my negative review of `` Triumph of the Moon '' -LRB- see below -RRB- . Prior to my review there had been only two reviews posted in the previous two years - but since my review there has been at least one a month ! It 's nice to be noticed . Thanks everyone ! Now , on to the review itself.If Pagans are a little vague about exactly how our religion has survived , and a little awkward about exactly how our rites and rituals work , and if we sometimes make up stories to fill in the gaps in our history - maybe there 's good reason for that . Maybe our sacred books were burned , and our Priestesses and Priests murdered , and our sacred places desecrated and destroyed . Maybe our Religion has been the target of a sustained campaign to destroy it!The simple fact is that Religions are very resilient things . They do not die easily . And when they are forced underground they sometimes change in strange and unexpected ways . Does anyone deny that Paganism was forced underground ? Many religions have survived under similar circumstances - why must Pagans accept the triumphalist conclusions of our enemies that they succeeded in destroying our Religion ? Why ca n't we just say `` we 're not dead yet '' ? Well , we 're not dead . So there . Any person of good will would be sympathetic toward a Religion that has suffered so much persecution - and would be willing to give the benefit of the doubt to those who claim to be its continuators . And a good historian would much more carefully consider the evidence of Pagan survivals found in European intellectual , literary and artistic history , as well as in phenomena such as Alchemy , Qabalah , Magia , Astrology , the Tarot , etc.Here are some authors to read instead of Hutton : *** Pierre Hadot
 idotic to credit Robert Graves with inventing the Goddess . false authority . beware . sounds impressive but shoots self in foot repeatedly .
 The author 's main focus in this book appears to be on pointing out a lack of evidence to support many of the claims made by many modern Wiccans regarding their religion and its history/origins . However , Mr. Hutton fails to understand that a lack of evidence does not equate to an evidence of lack.It would be convenient if things were really as black and white as Mr. Hutton views them , or if the topic of modern witchcraft were simply a matter of starting with the influence of Gerald Gardner and his cohorts . Unfortunately this is not the case , and there are more things on heaven and earth than are dreamt of in this book.Regretfully , Mr. Hutton glosses over the influence of Charles Leland , the true father of modern Wicca , and fails to see that virtually every basic aspect of Gardnerian Wicca can be identified in Leland 's 19th century writings on Italian witchcraft . Leland 's material depicts witches gathering nude at the time of the full moon , worshipping a male and female deity , working magic , and celebrating the sabbat with cakes and wine , etc. . And yet Mr. Hutton states there is no evidence of anything resembling such aspects prior to Gerald Gardner 's writings.I think the author was correct to state in the introduction that this book should have been subtitled a book on British witchcraft .
 This book is typical of those written on a subject like witchcraft without the author understanding -LRB- or being priviledged to -RRB- the inner mysteries . One of the many related errors made in this book can be illustrated by the following . The author compares modern Wicca/Witchcraft with ancient pagan religion and states that in modern Wicca there is no sacrifice within a ritual , that modern Wiccans feel the rite itself is enough to offer up to the gods . Actually , within modern Wicca/Witchcraft , the celebration of cakes and wine is the sacrifice of the slain god , the lord of the harvest.Modern Wicca/Witchcraft is typically divided into three levels of teachings . What is revealed to the public by Wiccans/Witches constitutes an outer level that is only suggestive of the concealed teachings . Unfortunately , the scholar 's methodology is limited to what exists within the public domain . Therefore , his or her view is quite limited when examining secret societies , a fact that is well reflected in this book .
 I have to admit that this book is well written , but it presents a very definite bias . It attempts to build a case for how modern witchcraft was invented and has no old roots at all , that nothing about witchcraft today has any connection to the witchcraft of the past . Instead , the roots of modern Craft stem from romanticized notions of the folklorist societies and so on . Which seems to disregard that the folklore societies had to get the info from somewhere.A close reading of the sections re Gerald Gardner has Hutton admitting that he ca n't really prove definitively that Gardner or the New Forest Coven made everything up ... since everyone who was around at the time that he was using to collect his info from has proved to have not told the truth at one time or another , and there are n't enough documents available to scholars to sort fact from fiction.Some of Hutton 's other works also go off of the claim that nothing survived the Reformation ... a theory that is refuted by other authors , including Emma Wilby in her books . She insists that these practices and beliefs did survive among the country folk at least into the 1800 's and that they kept it to themselves . Bringing these beliefs -LRB- even if fragmentary -RRB- into the 1800 's brings it a lot closer to the old folks who were involved in the New Forest Coven and so closer to Gerald Gardner . There is no reason not to think that the New Forest Coven did not have at least a few of these old ideas , practices , and beliefs.Interesting book , but the theories are not proven . At least , not to my satisfaction . Try rounding out your own studies with Wilby , Ginzburg , and so on .
 This could have been a good book , but unfortunately the author dresses up a great deal of speculation and parades it around as empirical truth . What I found most disturbing was his blatant attempts to discredit several key figures in modern Wicca who are now deceased and unable to respond to the author 's allegations . Hutton even goes so far as to tell us what these people thought and what their motivations were , something which only they themselves truly knew and understood.Rounding up various contemporary Wiccan writers , much like the cavalry employed Indian scouts against their own people , Hutton uses them to trap selected bands of modern Wiccans with opposing views . It is always akward and disquieting to observe a scholar pounce on those who did not have the opportunity to obtain the levels of higher education held by the scholar , and yet still be held to his standards and subjected to his methodology.If you enjoy watching movies where bow & arrow carrying Indians , stubbornly clinging to their ways and to their sacred lands , are cut down by soldiers with repeating rifles , then you are sure to enjoy this book .
 This book is somewhat like swish cheese , it 's full of holes but is still a tasty threat . Hutton 's book is essentially an interesting theory on the evolution of Gardnerian Wicca in England . Unfortunately much of the thrust of Hutton 's argument is deflated by a simple knowledge of the writings on classical witchcraft . Therefore several key arguments and points that Hutton tries to make are built upon a faulty foundation.Hutton claims that the idea that witches worship a triple aspect goddess is a totally modern concept and invention . However , the ancient writer Lucan -LRB- 1st century CE -RRB- tells the tale of a group of witches that clearly indicates that such is not the case . In Lucan 's work -LRB- LUC . B.C. 6:700 -01 -RRB- a witch makes the following comment
 Small print , difficult to read . But wait - I might learn something here . So I use a magnifier and plug away . Nope - boring . There is absolutely no reason this research can not be presented more simply . Well , maybe the author just wanted to impress other academics by being obscure . I hope he succeeded . But this is n't for ordinary people who want to understand the history and development of neo-paganism . There are lots of other , better written , more accessible , books out there that do a better job !
 What struck me most while reading this book is that it raised the image , time and time again , of the conscious mind trying to understand the elements of a dream . In the final analysis , I found this book to be typical of the historians approach to studying religion and the sacred , meaning it is like a person born and raised in a wealthy family writing about the views of poor people.In Triumph of the Moon , Hutton tries to make a case for where the concepts found in modern Wiccan originated , using the poetry and philosophy of various writers he feels were key figures in the evolution of modern witchcraft . Hutton focuses largely on writings produced between the 14th and 19th century . Even though much of the content of these writings are based upon pre-existing myths , ancient deities , archaic beliefs and practices , Hutton treats the material of those he cites as being made up out of whole cloth . This fits his agenda nicely , but poorly serves both the readers of this book and the insights of the authors examined by Hutton.An example of one of Hutton 's targets is Robert Graves , and Graves ' book The White Goddess . Hutton claims that Graves essentially invented the Triformis Goddess known in Wicca , and her association with the moon as well as the concept of Mother , Maiden , Crone . However , ancient Greek and Roman writers spoke of Hecate and Diana/Artemis as a triformis goddess -LRB- often calling her Trivia , goddess of the three roads -RRB- and these goddesses were indentified with witches even as late as the first century BC in the writings of Horace , Ovid , and Lucan . Additionally , the image of the Mother , Maiden and Crone appears in the iconography of ancient Greece and Rome in the image of the three Fates . Therefore , it is quite clear that Graves did not invent these concepts.Hutton conveniently dimisses the writings of various historians and commentators such as Michelet , Gomme , Tartarotti , Jancke , Mone and others who held that witchcraft was , to one degree or another , the survival of ancient pagan religion . Hutton ultimately deals with their views as being essentially flights of fancy , and in doing so fails to realize the power and influence of the Muse , as only a historian can.Joseph Campbell once said that we have two levels and modes of consciousness , the conscious mind and the subconscious mind . He pointed out that each one comprises 50 % of our accumulative consciousness , and yet we rely upon only the one half , the conscious mind and its view of the world . In this regard , we can truly say that Hutton 's book is indeed a half-brained idea .
 This book was a very enjoyable read , partly for the quality of the writing style , partly for the way it catalogues so many interesting people , events and ideas , and partly for the thrill of the hunt as I tracked down and nailed mistake after mistake.In a work of this scope a few factual errors are to be expected , but the sheer number of these errors , and the immensity of some of his misrepresentations is staggering , especially from someone who claims to be unbiased , and to have not left any significant silences.Hutton 's scholarly yet entertaining tone has starstruck a generation of pagans who previously had seen nothing better than Llewellyn 's books -LRB- note all the 5-star reviews -RRB- , however , his scholarship is full of big , black , holes.The main thrust of the book is to destroy any possibility of any kind of history or continuity to pre-Gardnerian `` Wicca '' or witchcraft . This is fine up to a point , but in his anti-Murray-ist zeal he goes so far as to conclude that not one single practitioner of any kind of pagan religion was persecuted in Europe during the time of the witch trials -LRB- 1400-1700 -RRB- . To support this extreme claim he employs character assassination against such people as Gardner and Leland -LRB- supported on a series of shaky or downright wrong information -RRB- , quotes other authors very selectively or out of context , paints quite unrealistic pictures of historical folk-magic -LRB- for instance , describing English cunning folk as isolated and having little or no contact with each other , and getting all their skills by mail order from London , when contemporary accounts describe that in some areas there were as many cunning-folk as parish priests -RRB- . He criticises the eminent scholar and historian Carlo Ginzburg -LRB- certainly a more rigorous scholar than Hutton -RRB- of supporting Margaret Murray , but seems to have either not read , or somehow not understood Ginzburg 's books which he has quoted from . He even at one point gives a list of authors who supposedly agree with him that no condemned `` witches '' held pagan religious beliefs - however if you actually read these authors , you will find that only one or two of them make any such claim , and in fact about half of them seem to take quite the opposite view , suggesting all kinds of connections with pre-christian religion -LRB- and giving lots of evidence in support -RRB- . Hutton does n't even attempt to address the wealth of previous work that has gone into understanding the pre-christian religions of Europe and their continuation through folk-lore and custom . Folklorists like Jacob Grimm may have written some years ago when different academic approaches were in vogue , but this does n't give Hutton license to entirely ignore their seminal works . There is an enormously different picture to be painted if you read just the authors Hutton has cited , let alone if you expand into wider areas such as folklore and legislation.I really did enjoy reading this book , and I see it offering a good starting point for other better-prepared researchers , providing as it does such a nice catalogue of people and ideas -LRB- also , research is more fun when you have a contentious point or two to argue over -RRB- . However as a book to be read and believed by Wiccans and pagans it is a tragedy . Instead of tracing the development of modern Wicca and witchcraft in a fair light , he stamps on these thin tenuous roots and casts a blackening smokescreen across what is already a dim enough area of history.UPDATE
 If you believe people have an eternal soul , this book is not for you . If you believe death is the end physically and spiritually , and you want your child to believe that , maybe you will like this book . I found it not comforting at all , and not what I want my child to believe .
 Well , I might have agreed with the other reviewers if I had n't ordered `` Strength Ball Training '' by Goldenberg and Twist at the same time . This book seems very amateurish by today 's standards . It 's a thin paperback with hand-drawn sketches . Maybe this was considered okay back in 1991 , but this is 2008 . SBT gives you all of the exercises in this book plus many more , updated with recent training science background , illustrated with photographs of actual people , plus a DVD with videos illustrating many of the exercises ! And it 's the same price ! Come on , get into this century . Amateur productions like this one just do n't cut it anymore .
 Very basic . More challenging and rewarding exercises not covered . Many routines designed to be done with a partner than alone
 Is this the current state of scholarship at the Academy today ?? No footnotes or primary sources listed for such conclusions ?? Are we supposed to believe these pinheads just because they have PHD behind their name ? The other side can list hundreds of primary sources in their works . I 'm sure all the pc teachers and profs love this and it will probably be a staple at every modern college . Not worth a dime for a thinking person who really wants the truth .
 I admit the subject matter -LRB- the USA founded as a Christian nation -RRB- is polarizing , yet it even more difficult to be objective when the authors admit they have no footnotes , i.e. no documention for their opinions . In other words , it is open season to distort , twist or even make stuff up , and not have to worry about the truth of their statements . -LRB- If I 'd have written a paper for my Comp 101 class with no footnotes , I 'd get an ` F ' or maybe even a zero -RRB- . So , why no documentation ? Is it because the authors feel they 've reached a level where their enlightened , philosophical views are beyond question or are above the scrutiny of good journalism ... were they just lazy ? Whatever . Even the title of the book has an oxy-moron which belies the credibility of their basic argument ... a `` moral '' defense of the `` secular '' state ... do you see it ? If you do , then you most likely already know the book is a waste of time . . If you do not , then I strongly caution you to be wary of the con artists of the new milennium .
 The book was written by progressives as an attempt to rewrite history about the Christian heritage of the Americans who signed the Declaration of Independence and Constitution . This is not a scholarly work . It has no footnotes for reference . It was debunked by scholars the next year after it was written . It is an interesting reading to understand the effort that the authors and the people they represent would go to to advance their political agenda . It is a very unfactual book that distorts truth . With this understanding , people should read scholarly books to understand the Christian legacy of these people .
 Regardless of you religious beliefs , this book is the biggest waste of time since Ernest Goes To Jail . PLEASE freakin ' tell me these guys are n't college professors . Never has a less researched , less thought-provoking book ever been written . It is an insult to read . Do n't waste your time .
 Please I read this book to give chance to opposition but found no credibility in the writers themselves . No Footnotes come on . Please go to -LSB- ... -RSB- or even better go to their wallbuilders live podcast and find out about what the forefathers intended . They talk of the true definition of seperation of church and state . While at the same time hold ownership of articles that are displayed at the Smithsonian . They own thousands of articles including forefather letters and journals . In their own words letting you know from fact that this was to be a God Fearing Nation . David Barton offers books with insight into this subject for real minimal prices . I have seen his books and cd 's on amazon . Doesnt it make sense to trust the words directly from our forefathers hand written words , or atleast from some one that owns the actual articles . See for yourselves please . May God Bless America .
 The efforts presented here by the two Cornell University professors are thoroughly disappointing in two respects . For anyone who has sat though a high school government class , it presents nothing new-the authors mechanically highlighted the historical realities and background surrounding America 's founding . More disturbingly , however , the authors chose to corruptly use their editorial voice , broadly tossing anyone who disagree into the `` Religious Right '' camp and irresponsibly attributing to them words such as moron , shameless , and junkies . Absurd generalizations and vicious attacks are not signs of good , or even authentic , scholarship . I would have to submit that they had wasted their time , and certainly mine.The book starts out by asking the question `` is America a Christian nation '' without exploring the various meanings and implications of the term Christian Nation . A Christian Nation may mean different things to different people ; for some , it may denote a country who is governed by a Christian-theocratic apparatus , while for others , it may simply describe a nation whose culture and character are not-so-lightly flavored by Christian symbols and languages . The question they brought before the audience here is essentially a loaded one because the authors had already presupposed a conclusion before they began the erudite process of genuine inquiry . It is their position that they `` will be happy when religion has the same rights in the public sphere as General Motors , no more and no less . '' The `` proper role '' of religion , then , is essentially a private enterprise not unlike that of GM . This sentiment produces a couple of interesting ramifications . First , to assign a role to religion vis - &agrave; - vis political life -LRB- or in their term , the public sphere -RRB- demonstrates a lack of understanding regarding what religion fundamentally means . Religion , by definition , stands for what is of the `` ultimate importance . '' This entails a comprehensive claim to one 's life in scope and superlative claim to one 's loyalty in degree . With these demands , religious life necessarily comes prior to political life and , indeed , to one 's participation in the public sphere . Occupations , status , and membership in various groups are but different roles that one plays in the confines of religious life . To speak of religion in terms of its role vis - &agrave; - vis some greater whole is to flip flop this proper relationship that I have shown here and would , therefore , be incongruous . Secondly , General Motors is commonly perceived to be a pillar , an icon , of American capitalism . With annual revenue of 167 billion dollars , it ranks second among Fortune Magazine 's list of 500 largest corporations in this country . It is interesting that the authors chose to ascribe the same degree of status -LRB- and implicitly prestige -RRB- as religion to this corporate giant . Consciously or not on their part , this confirms the thesis that I have been attempting to advance for the past years that capitalism has , indeed , achieved a sort of religio-paradigmatic claim on our lives not unlike Christianity had generations before . Contemporary capitalism has essentially trumped Christianity to become the dominant religion of our time ; ultimately , it is financial considerations that determine the directions that we take and drive -LRB- pun intended -RRB- the choices that we make , not the notions of virtue , not the notions of the good , and certainly not the notions of sacrificial love.After an introduction by way of the posing of what I would consider a loaded question , the book embarks on discussing the standard Woodian curriculum concerning church-state separation and its American heritage . This discussion was not conducted in any systematic way , nor was any attempt made by the authors to chronologically or ideologically organizes the various topics . Their thematic treatment seem arbitrary at times with no coherence among the different sections being discussed . It seemed as if this part of the book was secondary on their agenda and was only hastily put together to fill pages . The first matter that the book highlighted was the secular countenance of the United States Constitution . The authors were correct in noting that the constitution does not invoke God 's providence and that the inclusion and discussions surrounding the Pinckney provision of `` no religious test '' were evidences for the founders ' attempt at religious neutrality . They were also correct in identifying the non-doctrinaire religion of deism and the intellectual rigor of the enlightenment as indispensable and powerful forces among many of the legislative elite . But what the authors fail to mention , and this failure imparts the impression that the dawn of the republic was marked by blatant irreligiousness , was the fact that religious voices were by no means extinct during the founding . In Washington 's farewell address , for example , he counseled that the new constitution was written , and would only work , for a religious people . Patrick Henry -LRB- mentioned later in unrelated circumstances -RRB- , who went so far as to propose a bill to levy tax , which would support all Christian churches , may also serve as an example . Let me make clear that I am not suggesting the founding was the result of religious intents like the evangelicals ' revisionist history would have us believe . What I am proposing is for these academics to make an effort in presenting all sides of the story and provide a more balanced , responsible accounts of historical episodes .
 Isaac Kramnick and R. Laurence Moore set out in 1996 to defend the American principle of church-state relations , which they take to mean a rather strict view of church-state separation . Tracing the principle from Roger Williams and John Locke through the founders to recent times , they argue that the Christian right misrepresents the Constitution and the First Amendment.Certainly a corrective to some of the rhetoric of the religious right is warranted . One occasionally hears the claim that the Constitution is a `` Christian document , '' that the founders were all devout Christians , and that America was founded as a `` Christian nation . `` As our authors point out , at the time of the Constitution most states had established churches and religious tests for office . The Constitution , by outlawing religious tests for federal offices and omitting references to God as a source of authority was a definite break from practice . For this reason , many opponents of the Constitution labeled it a `` godless '' document . And far from being uniformly orthodox , many -LRB- although certainly not all -RRB- of the founders were hostile to traditional -LRB- that is Trinitarian -RRB- Christianity.There are two problems with this work , one methodological and the other factual . By its own terms , the First Amendment applies only to the federal government . -LRB- An attempt by Madison to make it binding on the states failed . -RRB- It was n't until the twentieth century that the Supreme Court held that the fourteenth amendment applied the Bill of Rights to the states . That being the case , it is likely that part of the goal of the Constitution was to leave religion where it existed - with the states.That leads to my second complaint
 This work has NO citations . It is not a scholarly book . The note in the back of the book mentions a few sources , but there are no direct citations for most of their `` godless '' assertions in the text of the book . Thus , the authors take huge liberties with their assertions . They ignore blaring facts such as over half of the signers of the Constitution had degrees in divinity .
 This book attempts to totally dispute the reason this country was founded . And the two professors who did n't feel the need for footnotes and bibliographies had a reason for this - other than their personal opinions , founded by their liberal and atheistic thoughts , the true history of this country is one founded by highly religious Puritans who came here looking for freedom of worship apart from a theocracy in England . They founded a country based on God and His Son , Jesus Christ , and there is overwhelming proof that they intended it to be ruled by the morality of the Bible and the Ten Commandments.That continued through the years between the Pilgrim voyage and the Founding Fathers . ANd to totally contradict these professors , our Founders -LRB- some - very few - of them deists and some of them agnostics -RRB- established Christianity as the official religion of this nation for a reason
 I would like note that if you look at the footnotes for this book as to where they got there information , they do not have a shred of evidence to back them up . They simply state they they have forgone the traditional footnotes and that we should believe them just because they have a PHD . I know that if I were writing any type of paper for these gentlemen in college they would fail me if I did n't show where I got my information . Furthermore , There is a man in Texas who has the world 's largest collection of artifacts from our founding fathers and he has loads of evidence which point to the extreme opposite . In fact he has a copy of bibles that were printed and distributed to every family in America through funding from Congress . I would encourage anyone who sees this to watch the documentary called `` MONUMENTAL '' by Kirk Cameron , exposes the truth about our constitution writers and points out the damage that books like these have caused to our society .
 wow this book is very misleading if your a layperson do your research . You will see this textbook everywhere but if you go to were the evidence is this argument completely falls apart are founding fathers printed the first English bible lol but yet these guys say there atheist and agnostic this is funny this book is not documenting a single thing .
 This is a book that is used in colleges across America , but contains almost no primary source quotes , no footnotes , no endnotes , and thus no scholarly support for any of it 's assertions . Did the author even bother to read the founders ' letters , speeches , published works , etc ? Probably not , bc actual quotes from those who founded this country would really get in the way of their made up speculation , hearsay , and biased opinions masquerading as historical fact . Pathetic .
 One of the press releases seemed proud these 2 scholars do n't use ` scholarly apparatus ' . Why ? I am reminded of the history of the New Testament tomes that Bart Erhman wrote with no footnotes . Is he that smart ? Are these men that smart ... or do they not want to be bothered by facts , truth ? I read Dan brown 's book of ` facts '' & must have found 50-60 false concepts that claimed to be ` facts ' . So why a diatribe by two liberal scholars who may have had a godless education or upbringing to the result that they were incapable of recognizing the Hand of God in historical documents , even if He had signed them at the end ? I have read books against the presence of Christianity in the Constitution but at least they confirmed some sources from which they developed their theory against Christian influence in our Constitution . I do not need to eat a whole hot dog to realized it is spoiled nor waste time on a book that proposes to be sharing truth when there is no sign of wise or even resourceful guesses about a theory.The separation of church & state is a concept that some colonists held which meant to them that government would NOT meddle with religion . Unfortunately , too many do not read the past lives of the citizens or children of immigrants in the colonial times . Many remembered that they had escaped Europe to obtain freedom of religion FROM government when it came to individual conscience . Even Thomas Jefferson 's letters speak about this , esp . his letter to the Danbury Baptists about `` separation of church & state '' .
 This is a difficult book to write a review about simply because one does not know where to start . The book was authored by two Cornell University professors and comes off as a scholarly critique , however upon closer examination you realize that it is nothing but a faade for factual errors . The lack of footnotes and the use of out of context quotes is farcical coming from two professors . They use many one or two word quotes such as these `` discrimination '' -LRB- 38 -RRB- `` oppressive measure '' -LRB- 68 -RRB- `` infernal infamy '' -LRB- 103 -RRB- `` left wing '' -LRB- 112 -RRB- `` spiritual church '' -LRB- 122 -RRB- and on it goes . Just what are you supposed to gain from the fact that the founders might have penned `` oppressive measure '' . Another hurdle in reviewing this book is where do you start with all the inaccuracies . It is easy to point out factual errors but the authors of this book have done something ingenious in their writings . They have mixed factual inaccuracies with their editorial opinions giving the appearance to the reader that even the founding fathers agreed with THEIR thesis . So in reality all they have done is peppered their opinions with the 2 worded quotes attributed to the founding fathers , somehow conveying historicity to their opinions . While it does not take a genius to figure this out , all you need to do is read a few other reviews to find out just how many people were so easily brainwashed by this book.The book is also replete with ad homein attacks , arguments from silence and strawmen attacks . I personally did not expect this from two highly regarded professors and I think it shows some childishness . It would be easy to rip apart the factuality of the book if one had more space instead , I will just focus on their Chapter 4 where we are introduced to John Locke . The authors opine that `` all important figures of the founding generation ... . were disciples of Locke . '' -LRB- 72 -RRB- and `` Locke 's convictions form in fact the foundation of the American political creed '' -LRB- 72 -RRB- and `` The Declaration of Independence reads like a paraphrase of Locke '' -LRB- 72 -RRB- . The authors further on in this chapter portray Locke as a atheist who believes `` the church thus had no special or central place in the secular politics of the founders ' liberalism '' -LRB- 77 -RRB- . And on it goes , but who is John Locke ? Was he as prominent an author as portrayed ? Moreover , was he anti-religion ? First of all John Locke was born in 1632 and graduated Christ Church College with a masters degree in 1658 . He wrote several books including Two Treatises of Government -LRB- 1690 -RRB- , The Reasonableness of Christianity -LRB- 1695 -RRB- and A Vindication of the Reasonableness of Christianity -LRB- 1697 -RRB- . It was these last two books that decimates the authors opinions that John Locke was not religious , in fact he was a Christian Apologist . However , it was his writing on Treatises of Government that the founding fathers drew the theory of social compact . It was also through these writings that they gained the insight of civil law being grounded in Natural Law . And Natural Law according to Locke is simply Divine -LRB- God Inspired -RRB- Law whose moral principals can be inferred by anyone . Because John Locke relied so heavily on the bible in developing his political theories it is not surprising to find that he cited the bible a total of 1,514 different times in his Two Treatises of Government ; a small fact that the authors of this book omitted . Accordingly , if one were to give an example of Lockean thinking probably the quote `` We are endowed by our Creator with certain inalienable rights ... '' would be the best example.The last point about John Locke is just how important was he ? The Authors contend he was the most important author to the founding fathers but all we have to do is look at who was cited the most in the founding fathers writing . From 1760 - 1805 just who did the founding father quote the most ? # 1 THE BIBLE 34 % of all quotes # 2 Baron Charles Secondat de Montesquieu 8.3 % # 3 Sir William Blackstone 7.9 % # 4 John Locke 2.9 % As you can see there was some disingenuous on the part of the authors to portray Mr. Locke as the most important scholar of the day . This simple critique of one chapter in the book shows you the inaccuracies that are portrayed repeatedly throughout the book . The bigger question is why do it ? Are these two professors trying to pull the wool over everyone eyes for a reason , or have they themselves been brainwashed ? By examining their sources that they used for their book we note something interesting . They have listed 27 books and not one of them was an original source document . The authors have culled all their information from current thinking , just look at this breakdown of when the books the authors cited were published :1999 - 1990 8 cites1989 - 1980 7 cites1979 - 1970 4 cites1969 - 1960 6 cites1959 - 1955 2 citesThe sad fact is this book is a compilation of modern day scholarship discussing what happened 200 + years ago . Not one original source document was cited so just how could the authors understand what the original intent of the founding fathers were without going back to original sources is beyond comprehension of any historian.This book should be avoided at all costs , go to your library and check out some books written by the founding father or by their contemporaries if you want a accurate picture of the history of this great country .
 Okay , this was the first Night World book that I read , and it seemed pretty good . But compared to LJS 's other books , this is pathetic . I do n't know , most of her books are great , but really ! Gillian is a weak character who is shallow enough to think that popularity is all that matters . David is boring and predictable , and I think Angel -LRB- or Gary -RRB- would have been much better for her . I would n't go for David because he acts all protective and stupid . Also , it makes the whole soulmate thing boring and not dangerous because the lost witch -LRB- Gillian -RRB- does n't even know she is a witch at first . I think that LJS 's other books are a lot better . ~ Ondine
 This book was not the best . It was boring and the characters were underdeveloped . I liked the idea that Gillian WAS N'T gorgeous , rich , and plain perfect , but in a snap she became the typical LJ Smith character . I love the idea of soulmates and everything , but I think these kids find their soulmates too easily , and how come everyone in LJ Smith books have to be SO perfect ? Maybe if they were not so gorgeous -- really how many gorgeous people are there in the world who are `` perfect '' on top of that ? If you want to read LJ Smith , read the trilogies or even the other Night World books because this book reads like LJ Smith was getting desperate for a `` new '' idea .
 This was the worst book in the entire Nightworld series ! Not only was Gillian a weak , little mouse of a character , who did n't even see that her `` angel '' was a complete psychotic jerk when it was obvious , but she defined herself through what others thought of her . She could n't be strong and stand up for herself until she was popular . In addition , her ` soulmate ' , David was a joke ! In all other books , the Soulmate Principal is described as falling into each others minds , being able to see each others ' very essences and being completely connected to them . However , the only reason David liked Gillian was because she suddenly dressed with a little more style and she got a new haircut.Right ... very romantic ... I can just here the sentimental music swelling in the background . . The `` hero '' of the story 's only motivation for loving the heroine is that she 's hot . Great.Compared to the other books in the series like , `` Black Dawn '' , `` Soulmates '' , `` The Chosen '' , `` Witchlight '' and especially `` Daughters of Darkness '' , `` Dark Angel '' is a complete waste of your time .
 I am a huge LJS fan , I have read almost all of her books well over 10 times except this one . It was so boring I really disliked to book . It did n't have anything to do with the NW until the book was almost done , and Gillian was so pathetic and whimpy . David ... . I really did n't like his character at all .
 Gillian came off as a wimp . Angel was ok . They should have made Gillian seem more like a real girl and not someone from a soap opera .
 In this book , not only is there no real `` love '' scenes , but to top it off , the girl 's cousin tries to convince her that he is her soulmate . Granted , Angel is dead , but he 's still related to her and definately should NOT be trying to catch his own cousin . Ewww . To top off the wrongness that is this book , there is barely any mention of vamps and stuff . Also , this is a ` coming of age ' story about how being popluar is n't the most important . I love every other Night World book , but this is retarded .
 this is the worst night world book that i owned and im sure every1 agrees this 1 -LSB- is bad -RSB- alot / first of all gillian is a stupid little sissy whining girl who cared only bout the stupidest things - being popular and getting her crush david to notice her obvioulsy she wasnt being herself she was just like every1 else - wanting to be popular like it was the most important thing in the world to her thats is very stupid of her 2nd the plot was really stupid and boring and didnt mention any vamps , witches , or shapeshifters or the night world in particular . another reason why this book -LSB- is bad -RSB- the only part i like is that there 's an apppearance by one of my fave characters of the series-ASh i swear he would be more funner 2 read if the book was only bout him !!! angel wasnt a good character either and david -LSB- was n't either -RSB- !! i recommend teens 2 not by this book it really stinks alot !!
 well first of all i thought that this was the worst night world book in the series and believe me i have and read all 9 of them . Gillian is just so shallow and a little sissy the only thing she wants is to be popular and have David as her bf like its the most important thing in the world !! i thought David was stupid too he seem to only fall in love with Gillian because of her transformation to being well liked he was just being shallow and really stupid . i think Gillian and David are the most stupidest characters in the entire night world series !! so far this was not the best book so far . the only part i liked was where Ash showed up i was totally happy when he was in this book . he is just funny and such a hottie to be with . the other books i recomend is Witchlight , Daughters of darkness , Soulmate , The chosen , and Black dawn .
 ` Dark Angel ' is probably the worst book in the Night World series for the simple reason that is is n't actually ABOUT the Night World . Gillian Lennox is a bit of a drip who spends her life dreaming about David Blackburn and of being popular when one day she wanders off the road after the sound of a child crying . It is there in the snow that she ... well ... dies . After a few confusing chapters of tunnels of light , grass meadows and doorways , she somehow manages to find herself back in the snow , shivering and stiff . But there is a difference - she is now accompanied by a strange boy named Angel who only she can hear and sometimes see . The very next day Angel begins whispering to her the ` secrets ' of popularity which makes her a shining star in her high school , gaining the attention of her darling David.Here is the first mistake of this novel - it chases after the ever-elusive mystery of popularity . This plot is so over-used that I could have written several chapters myself.Anyway , Gillian laps up the new attention as Angel guides her through the ups and downs of being cool , in some situations that are just not plausible enough to work properly . Eventually , Gillian turns out to be a ` lost witch ' , one of the grand-children of the twins Elspeth and Emmeth Harman , the siblings of the Crone of all the Witches - Edgith Harman . Angel guides her in the crafting of spells and into the Night World briefly -LRB- and I emphasise BRIEFLY -RRB- where Ash Redfern makes a cameo appearence.When Angel gradually begins making stranger and stranger requests of her she finally turns to David to help her sort it out.This book simply is n't interesting enough to hold a person 's attention for very long , there 's barely any Night World and the supernatural elements are based on a life-after-death senario instead of the usual vampires , werewolves , shapeshifters and ` found ' witches . Even if it was a novel by itself , it would n't of been a very good one . A few chapters are too long and ramble too much , the entire plot has been done before and thus is very predictable , the romance is nothing special , and in the context of the Night World series it sticks out like a sore thumb . There are a few references to books past and present , but on the whole you can easily skip this book and move onto the next , as it does n't do anything for the steadily growing back-story in the Night World series .
 I could n't believe this book was written by L. J. Smith . Her other books are really good , but this was horrible ! Gillian is weak , wimpy , and superficial . She only cares about poplularity and looks . And then , one day , she cuts her hair and puts on makeup , and suddenly she 's the most popular girl in the school ! Gim me a break ! Kids are n't THAT shallow . David is stupid -LRB- he cheated on the SATs and fell for Gillian the moment he saw her with short hair and makeup -RRB- . It 's not even dangerous that he and Gillian are soulmates because Gillian does n't know she 's a witch until well into the book . Angel is a devious betrayer , David is stupid and boring , and Gillian is a wimp . Not a good combination . I much preferred LJS 's other books to this one .
 LJS 's other books are great , but this one was so boring ! There was absolutely nothing dangerous about Gillian and David being in love , and that 's the whole point of this series ! Also , it 's kind of unlikely that someone could just cut her hair and wear makeup and then suddenly be popular . I did n't like Gillian at all . She 's superficial , not to mention being Little Miss Weakling . David was an idiot because he fell for her as soon as he saw her with short hair and makeup . Let 's get realistic ! He cheated on the SATs and Gillian still wants to support him . Plus , he 's BORING ! LJS 's other books are all 5 stars in my opinion , but I hated this one .
 Totally hated this book . Now , do n't get me wrong , I love LJS and most of her books . Actually , all of her books except this one . Totally borring and predictable .
 This old book -LRB- written in the 1950s -RRB- is published by a labor union because mainstream publishers would not touch it . Union people love this book because it makes union leaders out to be martyrs and saviors of the world , standing up to those mean , greedy old corporate capitalists . For these authors , the story of labor is black and white , no shades of gray . Labor can do no wrong and never has done any wrong . The Molly Maguires were not draft dodgers and murderers , but innocent martyrs who got framed . The Homestead rioters were poor oppressed immigrants asserting their right to take control of steel mills , and are not not to be blamed for beating and shooting the police or trying to assassinate the company president . The western miners headed by Communist Big Bill Haywood did n't really blow up mines with dynamite , the mine owners did it just so they could blame the union . This book is n't history , it 's a cartoon of history . Do n't look for any balance , objectivity or nuance here .
 This old chestnut of a book should be put out of its misery . It 's written with style and a tone of authority , but careful reading shows that it is hopelessly slanted . On every significant point which involves historical uncertainty or controversy , the authors unquestioningly accept the left-wing/labor point of view and cynically disparage or totally ignore any other interpretation . This is Labor 's `` untold '' story because no other reputable historians have ever had the nerve to write such an openly propagandistic book . Academic labor historians who think this book is so wonderful are merely showing their left-wing ideological colors . There are much better and more objective accounts out there .
 Haiku is a Japanese lyric with a deceptively simple form
 You can be a rock star and not have a clue as to what haiku is . This book has been around . It has been the brunt of jokes in the haiku community . I ca n't say I know how to write a decent haiku but if you google , you WILL find some great haiku poets . PLEASE - if you do n't have this book , keep it that way . It may have been a year but not a haiku one .
 This is indeed a book of 3-line poems passing itself off as haiku . This is not harmful certainly UNLESS an unwary reader picks it up and assumes that it is , basing all future opinions of this delightful poetic form on The Haiku Year . `` There are those who regard haiku as a kind of ` do your own thing ' poem , and never consider its foundations . But the haiku , as soon as it goes beyond the beginner 's efforts , becomes a matter incorporating traditions and established values , aesthetic and otherwise , and can not be written well outside them . '' - Robert Spiess
 You make it in rock and you think you can do it all . This book proves you ca n't . It is a truly poor excuse for a collection of haiku and it is particularly offensive because there are those who will buy it thinking it the real thing . Do yourself a favor and buy Higginson . You can look at this in a few minutes in the bookstore . It might be good for advanced classes in `` do n't let this happen to you ! ''
 This is what has become of haiku in English - and it is all bad . Haiku in America in general is vastly misunderstood and each of the verses in this volume show it . Some have three lines , some do not , some have kigo , some do not . By the looks of this , one can deduce that these `` poets '' gleamed their knowledge of haiku from Kerouac -LRB- another haiku fraud -RRB- rather than Basho . This is just an experiment really , conducted by a circle of friends who jotted down their thoughts and sent them to one another . Please , please avoid this title if you really care about or want to learn about haiku . Amazon should allow `` 0 '' stars when rating items such as this !
 Horrible product ! Too much talking about general stuff . Not enough real tests . Very low level of expertise . it is just ridiculous how people can get published with such book about nothing . Bits and pieces here and there . Please , Amazon , do not sell this book - too little of material for too much money . It 's a SHAME !!!!!!!!!
 I am the author of an article for `` The Skeptical Inquirer '' about the origins of `` The Mothman Prophecies . '' The article , which appeared in the May/June 2002 issue , also may be read at the CSICOP web site.There , I describe the highly dubious role Gray Barker played in the background during the events surrounding this now-well-known West Virginia case . Barker was responsible for at least one telephone call -LRB- and possibly more -RRB- to John A. Keel and others in an attempt to generate interest in the Mothman and UFO accounts that were rampant at the time.Those who wonder what to believe about `` The Mothman Prophecies '' will gain greater insight into the situation by reading this article -- but only if they truly wish to understand that there is indeed `` more to the story . ''
 The author apparently has some theory relating to unexplained phenomena , but you 'll never figure out what it is from reading this book . He strings together repetitive descriptions of `` unexplained '' events , without coherent narrative or structure.The book is filled with ludicrous claims about what `` scientists know '' or `` studies have shown . '' Of course there 's no support for the claims.Don ' t waste your time on this book .
 First let me say that I ENJOYED reading this , and I liked his style and the fact that at least the author didnt always take himself quite so seriously as most . The way he described his fear got me on edge at times.But ... it 's crazy ! It 's lunacy ... aside from things I would instantly argue with -LRB- i.e. the assertion that ESP has already been ` scientifically proven ` which came as news to me ! -RRB- his conclusions just dont make sense at all . Forget the fact that so much of the book is hokum -LRB- I 'd recommend ` Why People Believe Weird Things ` although I cant remember the author -RRB- and he seems as delusional and paranoid as some of those UFO nuts he scoffs at , he seems determined to tie everything together and completely ignore all the internal consistencies and problems posed.To really enjoy this kind of stuff you have to be a believer . Unforuntely for me I trust logic and scientific method more than anecdotal evidence . Whilst I am genuinely interested in the Turin Shroud arguments that are based on science , this is , well I suppose it 's only capable of preaching to the converted or the gullible.As a footnote , there arent any * actual * ` Mothman Prophecies ` anyway ?
 Garbage . The author is no different from the other 50,000 lunatics running around the country chasing lights . The only difference is this guy wrote a book . Watch the X Files instead . .
 Two hundred pages into the book , and I 'm still waiting for a cogent theme to emerge . Poorly written , poorly documented , and thin ... in other words , perfect fodder for a commercial movie .
 I enjoy reading about `` unexplained phenomena '' . I really do . I love `` real '' ghost stories and the like . However , I prefer an author to take a very scientific stance , exhausting all possibilities . Keel does not . He 's a `` true believer '' and that 's the problem.Somewhere in the book he supposes that this mysterious Mothman could have been a man on a hang-glider . `` Wow , '' I thought . `` That could almost be construed as logical . '' However , he IMMEDIATELY debunks that theory with a statement to this affect
 The Mothman story is indeed a fascinating one . Unfortunately , the same adjective can not be applied to `` The Mothman Prophecies . '' John Keel 's theories regarding the nature and origin of UFOs in general and Mothman in particular are more bizarre than the phenomena themselves . I was also put off by Mr. Keel 's tedious obsession with men -LRB- in black -RRB- behaving badly.I 've given this singularly overrated book two stars , rather than only one , because it does supply some -LRB- albeit nowhere near enough -RRB- information on the extraordinary occurrences of more than 30 years ago .
 I wanted to read this before seeing the film . Wow , what a bore . Keel 's book reads like some scatter-shot diary with himself as the narrator . Maybe this stuff was revelatory back when it was originally published , but now with the X-Files cultural phenomena and all the other media about UFOs and the paranormal floating around , this seems pedestrian in comparison . The descriptions are always the same . Only the names change each chapter/sighting/contacting . Also , DO NOT READ THIS BOOK before seeing the movie . It will sap some of your enjoyment from Mark Pellington 's excellent film -LRB- in fact , I was amazed at how well screenwriter Richard Hatem took this dross and put a narrative structure around it , but that 's another review that belongs elsewhere ... -RRB-
 I found the movie leading in many directions ... Why was John 's wife appearing in Point Pleasent ? Was this the mothman ? Why did John appear for Gordon 3 nights at 2:30 a.m ? These questions were never answered in the movie ... . or did I miss something ? The movie ran long for me , maybe because of the loose ends . I could be wrong , you decide . Go see the movie ...
 First of all , I 'll admit-I saw the movie before I read the book . Before you cast judgement , let me say that the concept of the film appealed to me very much , and certainly prompted me to read the book in hopes of learning more about this bizarre series of incidents.That 's where my main criticism lies-that the book promises insight into this phenomenon , using the film as its sounding board . Very soon into the novel , however , you 'll discover that Mr. Keel ventures off the topic of `` Mothman '' and more into the realm of UFOs . I remained optimistic that his stories of Men in Black and UFOs would somehow come together to support the larger theme of this `` Mothman '' , and more specifically , the tragic collapse of the Silver Bridge that was supposedly prophecised . Page after page , chapter after chapter , Keel goes off on a tangent on these UFO stories , many of which end abruptly and few of which seem very relevant.More disturbing to me was his nonchalance about these phenomena , casually stating how he 'd witnessed these flying objects routinely-practically every night . He expressed virtually no surprise or awe in any of the descriptions of these rather unbelievable accounts.To go even further , I found Keel 's take on these oddities to be almost egotistical . He frequently knocks other `` UFO buffs '' and indirectly implies that he 's the only true authority on such matters . He also does n't hesitate to mention the many articles , interviews , and public appearances he 'd given -LRB- several times over -RRB- . I found the lowest part to be when he and a colleague were viewing `` UFOs '' in a rural spot . The colleague asks him what he thinks the strange lights are doing , and Keel responds to the effect of , `` Well , Mary , I think they 're trying to tell me something ... '' This type of personal attachment which Keel places on the very broad phenomena he describes comes across as if the world -LRB- and then some -RRB- literally revolves around him.I finished the story feeling mislead , in that I 'd read a book on UFOs when I thought it had absolutely nothing to do with them . I would estimate that only 20 % of the book actually deals with `` Mothman '' and his prophecies , the rest is a self-serving collection of UFO research . I also wondered why John Keel has n't seeked professional help ...
 I just finished this book . While entertaining , sometimes gripping and sometimes even frightening , Keel 's book is littered with careless suppositions . His patronizing account that Indians -LRB- Native Americans -RRB- did not possess the technical sophistication to build mounds is short on research and insulting , to boot . He cites only one out-of-date map of pre-white West Virginia , labeled ` uninhabited ' , as proof that the Natives were too scared to live there . Any search of the West Virginia archives will show that Native presence has a long history in that state . While published in ' 75 , he does not correct such errors in the recent paperback 's afterword , choosing only to give us a homily on the unknown . He does well explicating his files but he needs to brush up . The rotten egg smell is often caused by the pharmaceuticals that schizophrenics take . How can you discuss a ` Princess Moon Owl ' character and not mention this ? He says belief is the enemy of truth . This book wants to believe too much at truth 's expense .
 It was about the time when John Keel flashed `` DESCEND '' in morse code using a flashlight toward a UFO flying overhead - and it obeyed - that I realized Mothman Prophecies was , er , somewhat questionable in ... well , just about every way.Let 's start from considering the book as a purely factual account of the mysterious goings-on in Point Pleasant during the 1960s . In this regard , it 's a complete mess . Nothing is in order . Events are instead grouped by topic , and used as a jumping off point to randomly drop in somewhat related anecdotes from hundreds of years of UFO lore . The whole Mothman story becomes completely obscured by incidents being written about in this haphazard way , and it makes it really hard to digest exactly what went down.And forget any sort of neutrality from Keel - he 's ready to believe just about every nutcase who comes along with an outlandish story about the paranormal . Reading it from a psychological standpoint is actually an interesting exercise , in that nearly all of the people who have had experiences - sometimes repeat experiences - relate stories in which they are of some insanely huge central importance to the universe . The fact that most of them lead dull , unimportant lives in a small town is a pretty glaring note.Keel in particular is constantly on the lookout for people trying to get him . He quickly becomes the center of everyone 's supernatural lives , and anytime something remotely happens , it must be part of the master plan . Pretty soon , people are coming after Keel.For a little while , he actually comes off as fairly self-conscious of how easy it is to get pulled into the world of `` believing '' - he chastises other UFO nuts for openly accepting every self-professed abductee that comes along , and criticizes them for hounding these poor people who just want to be left alone - and then does pretty much all that himself.I 'm not a believer , I 'm not a skeptic - I wanted to read about the events and make my own opinion . Good luck with Mothman Prophecies . The bottom line is that , with all the infinite amounts of crazy things that happened back in 1967 to Keel and his friends -LRB- seriously , you wo n't believe how much there is -RRB- , there should have been miles and miles of physical evidence - tape recordings , 8mm films , photographs , etc.Instead , there 's nothing . No one ever thinks to keep a tape recorder beside them . No one ever thinks to carry a camera to take photographs of the endless stream of men in black that bother everyone.Frankly , I would have excused all of this if Mothman was an entertaining read . But it 's really not . What starts off spooky quickly gets tedious , and at the end , you feel like you 've just spent an hour with your crazy uncle who wo n't stop ranting about the elves in his garden .
 I usually like the books better than the movie . It is an interesting book although it touches on everything and seems to repeat itself time after time . The movie focused more on the actual `` mothman '' and I felt the book just mentioned it among many other things . This book should have been named `` Mothman , Men In Black , UFOS , and the Kitchen Sink . '' I was glad to be done with this book . Do n't waste your money on this book , check it out from the library .
 I really wanted THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES because I thought that the story of the Mothman would be fascinating reading , a really intriguing narrative of the sightings of the tall , grayish man with wings and red eyes who could take off in flight straight up off the ground , an interesting examination of the myth and the legend . There is something to me very frightening about this type of legend , and I was eager to read the exploration of sightings around Point Pleasant , Va. , in 1966 and 1967 before the Silver Bridge collapsed and nearly 40 area residents died in the tragedy . What a great tale could be told , I thought ... I am still waiting . This book is not well structured or told . It seems to be the dumping ground of every otherwordly event Keel has ever seen or heard of . There is little narrative arc here or suspense . Keel has the mistaken notion that loading the book with every bizarre occurence he 's ever been told or witnessed gives him credibility , but it is actually the opposite . He and his `` colleagues '' saw so many UFOs and strange lights in the sky in West Virginia -LRB- and other places across the country -RRB- in the late 1960s , that one simply can not believe that there is n't more corroboration of these sightings.Keel does say that he does n't believe in beings from other planets , but rather beings from a dimension outside of our own who like to make trouble for us , find things out about us , and sometimes warn us of things that are going to happen . Because of their inexperience with earth time , they often use out of date slang and drive old cars that are in mint condition and still smell new . For some unexplained reason , the `` people '' from this other dimension seem always to wear thick-soled shoes.Keel as a true believer is a poor writer of a convincing book , as he often justifies a witnesses credibility by saying that they are respectable people , or some such qualifier . He anticipates , then , no need the reader might have to be convinced that thousands of sightings of UFOs and Mothman may need some evidentiary backup . This lack of the writer 's disbelief and proof , the lack of any plot or arc and the muddled content of the book make this work a solid disappointment . Someone needs to let me know if the book that can be written about this ever is written .
 As someone who has enjoyed reading about UFOs and other paranormal events while maintaining an open-minded skepticism about them , I was looking forward to reading this classic 1975 book about the bizarre events in and around Point Pleasant , West Virginia in 1966 and 1967 . I had read a few brief summaries of the `` Mothman '' sightings in other books , and they had usually referred to Keel 's book as the standard work on the subject . After seeing the `` Mothman Prophecies '' film -LRB- which is excellent , by the way -RRB- I bought a copy of this book . Unfortunately , I was greatly disappointed in the `` Mothman Prophecies '' . This appears to be one of those rare occasions where the movie is actually better than the book . Unlike the film , Keel 's book has an annoying tendency to go off on tangents - he spends the entire book simply wandering from one story to the next , with no overall theme or focus to tie the stories together.Keel reminds me of a person who starts one story , then breaks off in the middle and launches into a second , unrelated story , then breaks off the second story and starts telling a third unrelated story , and so on . Much less than half of the book actually deals with the `` Mothman '' sightings in Point Pleasant . The rest of the book consists of Keel 's rather wild-eyed speculations and theories -LRB- which he never bothers to support with anything resembling credible evidence -RRB- of how UFOs , demons , ghosts , the `` Mothman '' , `` Men In Black '' , etc. are all related . Keel repeatedly ridicules the notion that UFOs might be alien spacecraft , and instead he makes the dubious argument that UFOs are `` projections '' from `` energy beings '' from a `` parallel universe or dimension '' . Keel recounts several stories of `` Mothman '' sightings , creepy phone calls to residents of Point Pleasant , and the like , but he rarely offers any evidence that the stories - or the people telling them - have any credibility.A couple of examples from the book illustrate how difficult it is to consider Keel to be a serious researcher
 Usually the book is always better . In this case , no way . I found it to be just a bunch of disjointed ramblings and partial recounts of what happened . I could n't even finish it and gave it away . The movie did n't follow the book at all , but at least there was a thread of a storyline to follow .
 There is a lot about the 60s ' that for obvious reasons , I have forgotten but I do remember that there were a lot of Instamatic cameras and 8 mm movie cameras around so I guess my question is
 I saw the movie and was intrigued enough to read the book , which I thought would maybe give a better idea of what really happened in West Virginia that year . I was disappointed to find that Mr. Keel spent a lot of time dwelling on UFO encounters and the history of UFO encounters and spent little time talking about the events in West Virginia , other than how it blended with the history of UFO-logy . The movie was more interesting , and I do n't know how they developed a movie based off of this book . I did n't buy the book to read about Air Force involvement -LRB- or maybe lack thereof -RRB- in UFO sightings or about how Mr. Keel had been hunting UFOs and UFO witnesses . A big letdown .
 It is understandable why his other books , according to his own admission , were not well received.Mr . Keel offers some rather off the wall explanations with little or nothing in the way of proof except HIS word . For those unfamiliar with this subject , controversial as it is , the book may have some interest even if of very little value.Mr . Keel dismisses , with a wave of his hand , everything written by valid and serious investigations . Admittedly there are those who have written who do not deserve to be taken seriously and Mr. Keel is at the top of that list.Desmond
 I like reading from time to time about unexplained phenomena . Why have I bought this book ? - it is another unexplained thing to me ; probably happened because I noticed that motion picture had been made based on this story.What a flop it is ! There is hardly any action in this text and I ca n't imagine how somebody was able to create anything suitable for big screen.Book is simply boring , nothing but repetitive descriptions of very old , supposedly true experiences and `` facts '' related to strange lights , poltergeists , UFOs , Men In Black and other encountered critters . Whole information is presented in a very chaotic and mixed up way . Facts are taken from all kind of local trashy newspapers , old UFO magazines and questionable at best police reports , as if these were proof of anything.Besides , today in XXI century , after more than 40 years -LRB- book was published in 1975 and tells about events taking place in 50es and 60es -RRB- , UFO and paranormal researchers try different approaches and changed their attempts to explain `` unexplained '' . Views presented by the author are simply nave , outdated and archaic.He crammed in the same sack
 I had expected , or at least hoped for , a more or less straightforward account of the Mothman phenomenon of some 30 years ago . Instead , this meandering book comprises `` hick '' UFO sightings that are only infrequently connected with Mothman , and Keel 's trust-me-I - know-what-I 'm - talking-about theories and explanations . I was particularly dismayed by seemingly endless accounts of men -LRB- in black -RRB- behaving badly . With little to recommend it -LRB- and aside from providing some details on the Mothman sightings , there 's no other recommendation -RRB- , `` The Mothman Prophecies '' is a considerable disappointment .
 I received this book last week and I just finished it yesterday . By the way delivery was pretty fast , I used the Amazon Prime option.I ordered this book because after watching a TV show program which talked about the so called `` Mothman '' it made me curious enough to make me want to know more.I bought this book because it was rather cheap and it had a few favourable reviews here on Amazon.I was looking forward to reading it but I 've got to say I 'm pretty disapointed with the book . I read most , if not all the reviews so I knew this book was somewhat controversial . But I was disapointed for the simple reason that from a book who 's title is `` The Mothman Prophecies '' , I would expect it to talk about the Mothman . It actually doese n't talk about him much.There 's just a few lines about him at the start and then he 's mentioned a few times throughout the book , and that 's just about it.If the author John Keel would have entitled it `` My weird experiences in 1966
 John Keel used to be a well known investigator of the paranormal , an investigator of the non-sceptical variety . `` The Mothman Prophecies '' is his most famous work.The book has been marketed as the scariest thing ever written , but is actually quite bland compared to the accounts of alien abductions and 2012 apocalypses littering the bookstalls these days . But then , it was originally published in 1975 . Personally , I consider the book to be a major disappointment . Keel comes across as paranoid , a kind of real life Fox Moulder . A mysterious dwarf with an eerie alien voice comes looking for him in West Virginia . The alien dwarf calls Keel in New York . Then , the phone just goes BEEP-BEEP-BEEP . The phone company can find no explanation . And so on . The whole thing is connected to sightings of `` mothmen '' in the small town of Point Pleasant in West Virginia -LRB- where else ? -RRB- . Does somebody want to scare him from continuing the investigation ? The book contains no real answers , and ends abruptly when the Silver Bridge in Point Pleasant collapses , killing 46 people . At that point , Keel is so paranoid and crazy , that he essentially collapses in front of his TV . There , the story ends.Unless I 'm mistaken , Sceptical Enquirer actually named the mysterious dwarf some years ago . The dwarf was a real person , some kind of practical joker and circus artist who knew Keel personally . Apparently , this very real human being was responsible for many of the `` paranormal '' phenomena detailed by Keel . He drove poor John mad . Of course , Mr. Dwarf could n't have been behind the mothmen or the collapse of the Silver Bridge.SO WHO KNOWS WHAT ELSE MIGHT BE LURKING OUT THERE ... Last time I heard about Keel was during the 1990 's . I believe he was interviewed by Strange Magazine , claiming that the UFO phenomenon was intrinsically EVIL . We have been warned.Incidentally , the movie `` The Mothman Prophecies '' has only the flimsiest connection to the book . I suppose that 's what Hollywood calls `` freely based on a true story '' .
 I was n't interested in seeing the movie but the idea of the book captivated me so I was pleased when it was re-released . Unfortunately , I found the book somewhat disappointing.The premise of Mothman Prophecies is interesting but the actual execution of the book does n't live up to the promise of the subject matter . Keel tries to include too much information and too many diverse happenings . While everything in the book contributes to the premise - that strange things did indeed happen in West Virginia one year in the mid-sixties - he never really focuses on any one aspect . Mothmen are one of many phenomena he describes . And while he gives a great deal of background on the many phenomena , he never really lets us know what he thought caused the upheaval that year . There are many case studies but very few conclusions as to the cases he encounters first-hand . And when he does cite previous studies or encounters , his sources seem a little shaky . Citing established sources is one thing but citing what I would think of as fringe publications causes me to question the validity of both his conclusions and the original source material . I do , however , understand that legitimate , well done research is produced by less established organizations and publications.While there are flaws , Keel does make the book enjoyable . It could be dry and lifeless but he injects a good sense of humor into his study keeping the reader engaged . And while you may believe nothing about what he claims happened , he does make a strong case for himself . Its hard to avoid admitting that something outside our collective realms of experience happened that year .
 Do n't get me wrong , I believe in UFOs and certainly Mothman , since my friend 's aunt saw it , but 90 % of this `` nonfiction '' book is nonsense . Keel 's semi-acurate listing of the real life mystery of Mothman wins it a single star , but the speculation that he pushes as the gospel truth is laughable , and is mostly based on questionable facts and ideas that are theoretical at best . If you want to know about Mothman read James Cohen 's Book of Mysterious Beasts , if you want to waste your time and Amazon 's time , buy The Mothman Prophecies .
 Let me just start by saying that the '' MOTHMAN PROPHECIES '' is not a novel , nor is it a coherent story . It starts strong , just enough to draw you in , then it goes down the spectral energy crap hole . Were led to believe that Mr. Keel is a sensiable , unbiased investigator , when really he 's a parinoid delusional whack . I 'm only 15 , and I do n't buy a word of it !!! see the movie instead .
 If you are looking for a great story that will really drag you into it , do n't read this book . Lord help me I thought I would go crazy and only got through the first three chapters . There is not an ounce of structure to this . It 's just a bunch of thoughts and `` reports '' of sightings of UFO 's , `` mothmen '' and other oddities . I 'm not sure if Keel intended for this to be a re-telling of things he believed really happened or if he honestly thought he was writing a novel . I ca n't take anymore , I give up and usually I 'll read just about anything all the way through to give it a fair chance . All of these little scraps of sitings in no order whatsoever make me say ... So what ?!?!?!?!
 This book is typical Keel -- chock-full of anecdotes , skewed information , speculation , hoaxes -LRB- many of Keel 's `` weird '' experiences in the case were jokes perpetrated by Gray Barker -RRB- -- all presented as factual reporting . `` Mothman '' does not exist . Several writers -- most notably Joe Nickell -- have thoroughly debunked the incident . But true facts have never stopped Keel.I 'm a fan of Keel 's writings , but you have to take them with a grain of salt . This is not one of his best efforts , and it rankles me that he positions himself as a serious journalist .
 The author claims the book is factual . My gut feeling is it 's fictional . As fiction it is not well written . Just a bunch of short tales kind of mixed together .
 I 'll admit it , I did n't have a clue what was going on in this book -LRB- which claims to be real , but is obviously a work of fiction -RRB- , nor did I really have much of a reason to.UFOs ... Men in black ... Mothmen ... Abductees ... government coverups ... sightings ... It 's all here , and regardless makes no sense whatsoever.I actually walked into this thinking it was going to be great , that there would be a wonderful story based upon the legend of the mothman , but no I was bombarded with 266 pages of `` research '' having no really meaning , or thesis . Honestly , I say avoid this like the plague .
 Well John boy at least got to have a movie made from his book , so I guess he died happy , knowing he was able to use double talk and vague if not downright deceptive practice 's to pull the wool over the ufonut communities eyes . -LRB- Keel tosses out the tidbit that this part of America was NEVER settled by native Americans while all areas around it were . Bull , this part of West Virginia was HEAVILY lived in and settled by indians -RRB- OK so here it is . Mothman has nothing better to do than fly around a remote area of the Ohio Valley in 1966-7 and then make a bridge collapse . There are 50 states and millions of people that mothman could have messed with , but he decides to pick on poor ` ol West Virginia.We 're lucky though , because John Keel is on the case , and those mean , evil , nasty , bad guy/monster 's do n't know who they 're dealing with.So here we have Mr Keel and he is an expert in all thing 's paranormal , and he ca n't get one simple photograph of all those light 's he saw while in West Virginia ? John Keel want 's the reader to see that it 's ALL about HIM and we listen to his stories about the phone taps and the men in black and we ca n't get a single thing in writing from the phone company to confirm his phone problems , and despite being in an area of the country that has a heavily armed private citizenry , not one of those Asian looking men in black is shot or held at gun point while the local police are called . Hmm?We are regaled of the nightly ufo flights that John sees , but not a single photo . John tells of a movie maker who comes down to film , but you guessed it . No photo 's . Those insedious mothmen seem to destroy every picture taken of them . They tease us with `` accurate '' predictions , only to give us lies later on . The fact that all we have is John Keel 's word about the accurate predictions , since we only get them AFTER the fact , leaves a bit much to the credulity of the reader.John gives us his ideas about the different dimensions that things exist on and says that mothman comes from there . We are given his expertise on what is real and what is n't . Once again we are required to assume that John is an honest broker . Sorry , do n't buy it.This book takes place in 1966-67 and was n't first published until 1973 . We had to wait for Richard Gere and his movie to come out before the story came back on the public radar and we got the book re-issued . Needless to say most of the things Mr. Keel claims to be true can not be verified by any independent source or source 's . After all this time an industry has grown up around mothman and where there is money to be made , you can bet that a small thing such as the truth or facts are quickly destroyed on the altar of commerce and glitz.How any sane or rational person can read this book and buy into it without ANY reservation says something about the kind of people we have in the world today . I wish mothman would come and get them .
 It was recommended to me by someone whom I think beleives in the interdimensional and non-ET aspect of it all . I kept an open mind , but finally came to the conclusion that John Keel wrote a fradualent and contrived story , with an underlying `` distracted '' attitude that in reality is quite insulting to the reader . The book is probably pure fiction , and if you seek more than fiction , then it is bordering on pure trash . As an `` investigator '' he poorly documents his findings . Do n't buy it , check it out from the library , please .
 Excellent and suspenseful information . All over the place as far as the material . We travel back and forth from West Virgina to London to Ohio ... and back again . Would have enjoyed it if the first part of the book was supporting information as to the phenomena itself and how it has indeed appeared elsewhere in history , how the phenomena ties to UFO sightings etc. but Keel 's hypothesis that all paranormal activity comes from a parallel universe it difficult to believe , even for paranormal studies . I 'm sure that is a first.Although the book was suspenseful and written well , it was just organized poorly . Revise , John . You can do it .
 Although I prefer books with an actual plot , I do n't mind reading choppy , journal-type entries if there is actually a point to all of it , or if at least such entries are entertaining . This book 's are , albeit only in the beginning . After a while you 'll begin to wonder if the author wanted to portray himself as a paranoid schizophrenic or if that 's just a side effect of the complete lack of organization and logic in his writing style.This book was n't worth the time -- or the title . There 's hardly anything about `` the mothman '' in it .
 If you liked the movie , do n't buy this book ! It was the worst compilation of meandering thoughts that I have read since , well , since ever . This book left me wondering
 257 pages covering Men in Black , lights in the sky , and phone troubles . 10 pages about the Mothman . If you want to read the same old 70 's UFO stories , this is your book . If you want to read about the Mothman , buy something else .
 Normally , I prefer books to movies , but Mothman Prophecies was not only boring , but unbelievable . Non-fiction ! The story was a product of the author 's imagination . Perhaps in 1975 , when the novel was first copywritten , it was spectacular . To those who are thinking of purchasing this book , -LRB- especially after viewing the movie -RRB- I 'd say pass it up , and purchase the VHS or DVD .
 I approached this book with a fairly open mind , expecting to read an interesting story about the strange events of 1967 . Unfortunately , Mr. Keel 's tendency to ramble and a strange , albeit somewhat fascinating , mixture of conspiracy theories , `` ufo '' sightings and Men in Black stories made the book an incoherent mess . The book begins and ends with the events of Point Pleasant , and spends the middle attempting to connect those events with literally hundreds of other experiences throughout the world and throughout history . ...
 It is worth noting that Keel wrote about Mothman just a few years before this book came out . A chapter in `` The Complete Guide To Mysterious Beings '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- is devoted to the Point Pleasant phenomena . While Keel describes the various interviews he conducted with witnesses , at this point he does n't involve himself in the story at all . He never indicates that he experienced any of these things himself . It was only later that he apparently had the idea of crafting a Mothman story with himself as the central character.Even more notable , in `` Mysterious Beings , '' Keel draws no connections between Mothman and the bridge collapse . In fact , he specifically says , `` It is completely erroneous to blame the collapse of the rickety old Silver Bridge on flying saucers or ` Men In Black . ' `` This represents direct evidence -LRB- something Keel never seems to have -RRB- that we are simply not dealing with a researcher or a journalist , as Keel so often claims to be . He is a clever storyteller . Nothing more . I know the stories seem much more exciting when you think they 're true , and in the middle of the night , even I get creeped out thinking about Mothman . But the story is flimsy and transparent when held up to the light of day.I loved the movie though !
 Have I quit reading a book.I made it to page 123 before I had to stop . I 've waited years to read this , oh man was I disappointed.I thought it would be an intelligent well written peice on the mothman mystery . I do n't know what this was . Holy mackeral . i 've never seen such bad writing . Someone else mentioned incoherent , tell me about it ! This was all over the place . I had absolutely no clue was was going on in this book . Just crazy!Just a few of my favourites : '' so horrified she dropped the small baby in her arms . The child began to cry , more insulted than hurt . '' what !? I 'm thinking the kids was more hurt than insulted . This Keel dude is too much ... Talking about this `` mysterious '' guy Tiny who a witness said saw a wire running up his pant leg . and i quote '' was tiny wearing electric socks ? or was he a wired android operated by remote control . `` what ???! pretty much where I stopped before my mind turned to mush
 Although the movie was very well done for those who enjoyed a spooky and suspenseful story , the book however is not the movie . It seems that Hollywood took very few pieces from the book and turned it in to a great movie which is kind of the other way around from the usual book being better than the movie . This book is good if your a UFO buff only . It mentions the Mothman but other than that it was a very boring read as I expected to be reading about the same scenario as what I saw in the movie . I was extremely disappointed .
 I just do n't get it ? I thought this book was a story about the paranormal and all the town needed to do was buy some Raid.Also anybody can tell you moths just so n't grow that big ... now June Bugs well now that 's a story .
 I 'm giving it one star because less is n't possible here.You people _ do _ realize that this book and all others of its kind are complete and utter fiction , right ? There is and can be no truth behind them whatsoever
 If you buy this book , you are a fool
 Do n't waste your time reading them ... They tell you absolutely nothing . Each entry contradicts the other.Remember , humans write these things .
 The little content contained is interesting.However , the entire book is short chapters of journal notes with the occasional splash of commentary thrown in.Badly written , poorly organized.He could have at least organized it chronologically.The constant way of making himself out to besome sort of superhero got very annoying very quickly .
 The subject matter is fascinating and has the potential to make an exciting , fast moving read . Unfortunately the presentation is disorganized , repetetive and BORING . I had to force myself to finish the thing and ended up wondering what the heck the point was meant to be . I certainly did n't feel that I had acquired any clear understanding of what happened in Point Pleasant ; I did n't even get enough out of it to decide whether I believe any of the stories or not . If you want the book , borrow it from someone and save your money .
 John Keel 's `` Mothman Prophecies '' could be a great book if it actually concentrated on the `` Mothman '' sightings in and around Point Pleasant , West Virginia in the mid-to-late 1960 's . Unfortunately , this book is n't really about the Mothman , but it should instead be entitled `` John Keel explains how the universe really works '' . For every `` Mothman '' story that Keel relates in this book , he offers at least three other stories of his personal life , his adventures in researching the paranormal , and his decidedly offbeat theories about paranormal events and what causes them . This book is n't really about the `` Mothman '' sightings in West Virginia as much as it is a goofy memoir of John Keel 's `` research '' into the world of UFOs , demons , ghosts , and other bizarre events . As someone who bought this book to read about the `` Mothman '' and not about Keel 's disjointed ramblings and ravings , I was sorely disappointed . Not recommended .
 This book is NOT like the movie . In fact , I prefer the movie . The book is composed of bits and pieces of John Keel 's and others ' phenomenal experiences . It is difficult to read , not only because of the bad press printing , but also because it is very clipped and disjointed . I bought this book to delve further after seeing the movie , and ended up more confused . Go to the movie -- forget the book !
 If you are looking for a detailed , coherent account of the collapse of the Silver Bridge , you will find this book a total disappointment , as I did . You will learn next to nothing about what was going on in Point Pleasant , and why the bridge collapsed.This book is largely an unorganized , haphazard semi-autobiograhpical collection of anecdotes that appear to be meaningful to the author , most of them about flying saucers and men in black and the author 's problems with his phone bill . The `` narrative '' skips around in time and place and subject . Keel devotes more pages to some odd people in the Long Island ufo community than he does to writing about the bridge . He has two sentences about why the bridge might have collapsed . There are no photos , maps , figures , or appendices in this book . Unless you get a map of the Point Plesant area , you have no idea where the events he describes takes place . There are about 10 footnotes , and they document trivial , dumb stuff.Keel must be laughing about selling the title of this book to the movie company . Even though the movie was n't all that good , it was far better than this book.It 's not so much I regret spending the money on this book , but I feel very foolish about having wasted two hours reading it .
 This book -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I read this book only , because I seen the preview for the movie . It jumps around from one thing to the next . John Keel is a nut , `` the phone rang and nobody was there ! '' `` That could only mean the time traveling space aliens , cause no human would be capable of calling my house and hanging up . '' `` The CIA/FBI are out to get me '' Please !!! Go see a shrink .
 Ok , we have seen the movie , some of us have read Keel 's book -LRB- this being a reprint -RRB- . What no one seems to mention is the fine print located on the copyright page , which reads
 The story , of course , is fabulous but this is the worst binding I have ever seen in 30 + years of reading paperbacks . I ca n't believe this isnt a joke . Hopefully I can get a refund and order the book from a reputable publisher later . If you buy a paperback from anyone make dang sure it isnt an `` Instabook ''
 With almost two dozen typos per page this version of Aron 's Rod was completely unreadable . Not just typos but many of the sentences were incomplete . I found out to my frustration that it was too late to return the book . In frustration I simply threw the book away . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PUBLISHER . I wish someone would have warned me about this .
 Reading this book one encounters some information about pagan male deities , but it is presented in a manner `` dry '' and somewhat disorganized , just a collection of facts which seem to have been taken out of an encyclopedia , like a kid 's homework . A more `` humane '' depiction of the God of the witches , is to be found in starhawk 's spiral dance , it is inspired , poetic and it helps the practitioner to understand better , and attune to the horned God.Even though some of the rituals presented in this book are of interest I only gave it one star because in the section appertaining `` the war God '' , the authors have the ridiculous arrogance of retiring the God mars ! and even write
 Technically this was an exercise in tautology , and albeit the author admits that they are events not presented chronologically/linerally , the whole thing came off as a repetitive scrapbook of free associative ramblings . Cultural allusions were off and revealed just a shallow dip into areas of interest ; just deep enough to create a character for a sexual fantasy.Every D/s relationship defines it 's own perimeters , but this is the most silly top from the bottom -LRB- with a side of kink -RRB- i 've ever read . Any girl who needs to prover her worth and devotion by degrading any and all around her is n't creating a deeper bond of submission , but pathetically wallowing in a misplaced sense of value -LRB- with a heaping side of self-image issues -RRB- .
 I think one 's like or dislike of this book will be largely dependant on whether or not he or she is into The Lifestyle . And even then - they are going to have be very open minded and refrain from judgment , as everyone 's idea of what is `` normal '' varies so much . That 's a hard thing to do , considering the blatant contradictions between the author 's actions and her view of herself . This book also seems like a feeble attempt to make more money off of the original , and a way to promote her other novels . A lot of the manuscript is just excerpts from her other books!However , I did finish the whole thing in about 4 days . It IS a page turner - even though my respect for the author diminished considerably with each passing chapter . Again - it 's a matter of preference . She wants to `` dispel negative stereotypes '' , but personally I felt even more afraid of delving into anything beyond vanilla after reading it , and more unwilling to ever be associated with anyone of that nature . If a man wanted me to drink his urine and give me enemas and do it all in the name of love - I 'd have a problem with it . Again , I 'm not judging . Whatever two consenting adults do together is fine with me . Just do n't try to pass it off as normal , and do n't pretend to be strong when you are n't .
 I picked up Beauty & Submission on a whim , after reading the back cover . I have recently begun to read a few BDSM and thought this book would help broaden my knowledge of the submissive aspect . I was disappointed with the outcome.I thought the book held more issues with jealousy and swinging than the day-to-day life of a lifestyle submissive . I also thought that the slave seemed to switch between a dominant/submissive role . There were quite a few references to watersports which were personally not my cup o ' tea , as you might say.I did not enjoy all the pages where she `` quoted '' from her other novels . I believe the book would have been half the size if these would have been cut from the copy . It felt like an attempt to sell her other books .
 I just coulAfter getting more than 50 % through the book , I had to stop ... I just could n't get into it and did n't like the writting style .
 This book really disappointed me . It seems like a narrative . No real plot just a rambling repetitive narration of a poor island child . I wish I could say I loved it ... but felt really let down .
 This was the first book by Jamaica Kincaid I have read . If this book is an indication of Ms. Kincaid 's other works , it is also likely to be my last . I read the book while vacationing on the island of Dominica , where the book takes place . Dominica is strikingly unique , but I doubt I would have realized this fact solely on the basis of Ms. Kincaid 's description of the place , which is so vague that it suggests she has never been to Dominica . But my greater concerns are with Ms. Kincaid as a writer . Throughout the book , she proves herself to be possessed of few literary devices , repetition -LRB- for effect ? -RRB- foremost among them . How many times must we be subjected to descriptions of `` saliva leaking from the corner '' of a character 's mouth , or `` the wetness between my legs '' ? Perhaps there is imagery in the book that only a woman , or a poor woman , or a poor Dominican woman , can understand -- as for me , her repetition added no meaning to the character development or plot . As for the plot , someone should disabuse Ms. Kincaid of her notion that unmitigated misery and psychological negativity are sufficiently engaging to justify the publication of a book . I shall do my best to communicate this to her by not purchasing any other of her products .
 This was the first book I 've read by Jamaica Kincaid and it will be my last.This book was not only BAD it was depressing . Xuela did n't loved anyone because no one loved her . She was a bitter and angry person . The line `` I did not know my mother because she died at the moment of my birth '' was repeated about 100 times throughout the book.I do n't know why the book was named `` Autobiography of my Mother '' because she never knew her mother and constantly throughout the book said so . She hated her father because he was in a position of `` power '' and took advantage of others . One other thing that bothered me about this book was her habit of touching her private parts in public and smelling her hands after . I found this hard to believe , that Xuela would be so `` free '' in Dominica at the time period in this book . Touching ones self is taboo among most black people , whether you 're born in Africa , America or the West Indies.The only interesting part about this book is when her lover 's wife confronted her in the street.Maybe if the book was n't written in such a `` defeated and depressing '' way it would have been better but the author 's tone contridicts Xuela 's `` I-don ` t-care-about-anyone '' attitude . Xuela stated she was content or happy with herself , but the tone did n't suggest that at all .
 I found the book to be uneasy reading . I am widely read , but try as I might , I had to quit reading about 1/2 way through .
 I really wanted to like this book based on the title and the cover art . Instead , I found myself not caring about the narrator whatsoever . She repeats the same few thoughts throughout the entire book . She reminds the reader that her mother is dead and that nobody loves her so many times that I stopped caring about her situation . Her repetition and monotone voice stops the narrator from being truly developed as a character that we can connect with . Some parts of her story seem unnecessary and pointless as they do n't really lead to anything of interest later on . Her characterization was too direct and left nothing for the reader to consider for themselves . The title is extremely misleading as we learn absolutely nothing about her mother - aside from her death during childbirth . I am unable to find anything positive to describe about this book , sadly .
 This book leaves me restless and mixed up . I do n't like it and yet I ca n't stop thinking about it . The narrator Xuela tells us how pleased she is with herself , she repeatedly deplores the emptiness and cruelty of life and she describes all the women -LRB- not the men -RRB- she 's lived with in a spiteful manner . This mixture incites my anger . I do n't like this Xuela , she does n't reveal some missing links holding the different aspects of her personality together . However , she does n't have to , it might be part of her strength to keep herself a secret - or is it just a weekness of her creator , Jamaica Kincaid , who has n't really worked out this character ? What really disappointed me was the fact , that no effort is spent on finding out more about Xuelas mother , who figures prominently in the title of the book but only marginally inside . The explanation at the end does n't satisfy me
 I had hoped to read a colorful story about life in the Caribbean , and was not expecting the story to be happy and uplifting . However , I was disappointed to discover that the most prevalent topics in the book were the character 's bodily smells , excretions , and sex life . I was left wondering what these aspects of the book had to do with the character 's mother .
 This is the story of an unhappy woman who refuses to see or seek out any joy in her life . The overall feeling of the story is negative and depressing .
 This has got to be one of the most depressing books I have ever read . Not depressing in the sense that the tone of the book was depressing -LRB- which it was -RRB- , but depressing in the sense that it was such poor quality . This was the first book I `` attempted '' to read by the author , since I could n't waste my time trying to finish it . I am pretty sure I wo n't be reading any other books by Jamaica Kincade .
 After all the hype , and comparison to Camus ' `` The Stranger '' , I suppose my expectations were high for this book . I found `` Autobiography of my Mother '' completely benign . In some parts , pointless . Unlike Camus ' protagonist in `` The Stranger '' , Xuela 's world-view is too fully revealed to be cleverly wrought and too self-perpetuating to cause empathy with the reader . A self-pitying character , Xuela is hard to empathize with because she decries her father and the white `` conquerers '' for exploiting people and destroying the aboriginal population 's culture ; yet , Xuela also takes advantage of many -- emotionally and psychologically . Therefore , Xuela just comes across as bitter and codependent and the reader is not compelled to sympathize with her situation . I also found nothing sensual about the book -- the author 's placement of masturbation description seemed to come out of nowhere and appears simply awkward . Overally , the book does not deliver compared to the hype
 Did not really get lost in there book ... found it boring ... and I really wanted to stop reading it ! But chose to painstakingly finish it . .
 It 's not a book I 'll ever read again . It was very boring . Glad I did n't pay that much . I give it a star .
 This book has flowery language and the story line seems to have potential but the book never goes any where . I skimmed much of it , hoping it would develop plot and character , but it really never did . The plot and language were repetitive and did n't hold my attention . It seemed as though the author had a point she was trying hard to get to but it just never happened .
 The author 's intense focus on the main character 's inner thoughts and feelings limits the reader 's scope and prevents a broad view of the social environment of the book 's setting . It was difficult to sustain an interest in the narrow range of concerns that surface in the exhausting detail flowing from the character 's mind .
 What 's the point here ? It was never fully explicated , and the narrator does not inspire enough interest to carry this woefully inadequate plot - and I use that word loosely . Jamaica Kincaid needs to go back to domestic work
 Even that single star is more than this book is worth . My Engligh professor assigned this book to me during my sophomore year of college -LRB- along with Nectar in a Sieve , a far better , though not terrific book -RRB- , and what little I remember of it was that it was just awful -LRB- and offal -RRB- . Her writing is repetitive and choppy , perhaps descriptive but disgustingly so . Do we really need to know the `` wetness between -LSB- her -RSB- legs '' , or that she cooked her menstrual fluid into some poor soul 's dinner ? I could n't stand the book . If you want quality , read something by Neil Gaiman , or Stephen King -LRB- his descriptions of a girl coming of age in Carrie are much better than this book -RRB- . Drop the book , throw it , burn it , whatever . It 's just not worth reading . How many trees did we lose to its production -LRB- and , more importantly , how many talented young writers were rejected because this woman was published -RRB- . It 's just a book not worth reading about a story not worth telling .
 Jean Giorno assigned rights to this story to the public domain . Unscrupulous , evil American publishers are acting contrary to the author 's intent and prostituting this work by cracking down on English language versions -LRB- including online versions -RRB- , even new translations from the French . Do n't give your money to greed heads who are 180 degrees in conflict with the principles of this book .
 This was not a good first book to learn SNMP , the basic definitions are poor , leading to confusion . As an example , the definition of a subtype I found in another text -LRB- a subset of the value set for a type -RRB- was quite clear , then I checked the Simple definition of subtype and found its was useful to `` refine the semantics '' of a `` data object '' and that `` it may be useful to create a new data type for strings using other repertoires , such as ASCII '' . The author also notes that the `` ASN .1 rules for subtyping are long and complex '' . -LRB- p 34-35 -RRB- . Hello ? This book may be useful as a reference after reading other , better written introductions , but avoid it if you are new to SNMP . Also , I recommend that the novice learn ASN .1 first , rather than alsong with SNMP in a combined text . Also , SNMPv2 has yet to catch on , the Simple book focuses primarily on this version , not of much interest if you are working with version 1 .
 I read first edition of this book when it came . There were hardly any books available on SNMP at that time . Rose being one of the creators of SNMP , I expected this book to be good . And I was totally wrong ! The descriptions are all fuzzy . After reading it , I had some idea about SNMP but I was not sure of anything I learnt . I think the RFCs on SNMP are best reading . They are precise and they do not leave you feeling uncertain .
 The editor and publisher of this book should be ashamed . It is an extended rant by the author that has no business being bound in hard cover . The Pine Mountain Group recommends excerps from this book to get up to speed with SNMP . I wonder who at PMG is friends with the author . This book will teach only members of the `` network management community '' anything . Anyone seeking entry into the network management community will need to find another door . By reading no more than 20 to 40 pages a day I managed to go through the entire book but I am afraid that I did not add anything to my understanding of SNMP that was not already there from studying for my MCSE . This book was a profound disappointment . It is at once dense , superficial , earnest , and sarcastic . The shame of it is that this author could educate profoundly if a good editor enforced some discipline or a co-author came in to help with communicating with those who are not the author 's peers .
 It 's hard to believe that this book was released by a major publisher . It is rife with misspellings and grammatical errors . The thin index is almost useless , as a close examination reveals it to be mostly a list of the author 's friends and their nicknames .
 I am a developer with 8 years experience but novice to Network programming . A friend suggested this book as a first and default one to start with . I am completely disappointed . It 's not a practical , jump-into it , internet-age book . Let me see if it serves any purpose as a reference . BTW , the CD is totally useless . It has only a few files which you can anyway download for free .
 Book has some interesting insight but does little to develop technical understanding . Is cheaper at B&N locally
 I have not read any of Charlie Smith 's other work , so I ca n't compare this to previous efforts . His writing is poetic , and truly impressive in short bursts . But over the long haul , the poetry interferes with the prose . Words and phrases seem to be chosen more for their sounds and rhythms than for their contributions to plot , and dialogue can be stilted . Imagery is vivid but occasionally self-indulgent . The storyline is interesting at first but eventually grows gaudy and distasteful . The power of Smith 's language is his greatest strength , but it is a strength better suited to poetry than novels .
 Let me say right up front that I was disappointed in this book . Maybe I am too stuck in my ways , but when I pick up a history like this I was looking for an well-organized book . I want each President with his own chapter , some details that are presented for each person i.e. year of terms , Vice President etc , and then a nice review of what took place while in office , the good and the bad . The book just did not provide this ; the presidents were grouped into chapters on what seemed to be on a basis as to total average chapter page length not by political or situational similarities . The basic facts that I wanted were not there for every President , and if they were there you needed to hunt for them . And if you are going to give me pictures then at least give me a picture of every President covered in the book , what we got were pictures of a few Presidents , a few campaign adds or jokes , and unbelievably to me pictures of city political bosses.The book was positive ; I give the author that . When there were negative issues they were glossed over if even mentioned . I new based on the size of the book that it was not going to be an exhaustive history , but even this brief look at each President left me disappointed . Also I kept thinking that the author wanted to write a history of the Democratic party and the publisher wanted a history of the Democratic Presidents and what came out was a compromise that did not serve either cause very well . I would have much rather had a few more pages on FDR -LRB- then the 15 offered -RRB- and less about the Kansas City and Chicago political bosses and the third party candidates on some elections . I do not want to be all-negative , there were a number of interesting facts and he hit the high notes on each man . I was interested enough to finish the book . I am just going to have to keep looking for a better effort at this topic .
 I 'm sure I am one of a select few that do not appreciate a story that develops great characters and great sub-plots and then ends abruptly . It 's almost as though the author got bored and quit - Zero resolution on anything . It does n't leave me wanting more because I know the same feeling of `` What the Hell ? '' will be waiting for me in the next book .
 I just finished the first book of this series and that is where my reading will end . It is NOT a stand alone book ! It neither has a suitable closure ending for a book in a three book series nor makes any other sort of case for separating this story into three books . The spacing is huge , the chapters are atypically short for even Dean Koontz , and it easily could have only required 100 pages in a very readable format.From all evidence that I see , this is a ploy to gain the revenue of three books from a one-book story ! Either a cheap move by Koontz or his publisher.As for the story it is rather Koontzian but , at least so far , it lacks the creativity that Dean 's other books bring to the market.If you insist on reading this series , I would start with the last book and save significant money in the process . Although I have not read the third one , it would have to be amazingly contrived for anyone with basic intelligence to not figure out what might have occurred in the first two books .
 First , you need to know that Dean Koontz has long been my favorite writer . Second , I have read almost all of his books . However , this is not up to his standards , and I wonder if the co-author -LRB- Kevin J. Anderson -RRB- did most of the writing . It lacks everything most Koontz novels have
 -- Dr. Frankenstein 's got an interesting new pursuit , the creation of a new , artificial race of `` humans , '' -LRB- called the New Race -RRB- but the authors never describe any of the processes used and indeed , barely mention it in passing . The authors are clearly `` thriller '' writers , as their grasp of the essentials of science and horror fiction are much lacking . Even their descriptive prose is bland , matter-of-fact , and uninspired , lacking the vocabulary and wit of far better writers of the genre such as H.P. Lovecraft , Clark Ashton Smith and Brian Lumley . They should stick to ordinary `` suspense , '' because that 's what this novel is full of ... lots of prosaic meanderings while you 're waiting for something to happen , and very little ever does , considering its 469 pages and 97 -LRB- ! -RRB- chapters . Lots of characterization , to the point of sheer boredom , and very little action . This story could have been told with less than half the words . -- There is a typical buddy-cop team , one of them a stereotypically overly-macho female , who , not surprisingly , has a man 's first name -- Carson . In her very first scene she uses physical force against and displays her gun to , a gangbanger and then never arrests him or even reports the incident , something surely to get you fired in the real world . Ditto for a later accidental discharge of her handgun , which she likewise never reports ; she shows up for work suffering from lack of sleep and has to go home early because of it ; she embodies the clich&eacute; of never letting her partner drive -LRB- he 's the predictable comedy-relief , whom she consistently out-machos -RRB- ; she is involved in a gunfight and has only loaded the shotgun with three shells . In the real world , real cops -LRB- I was one -RRB- would term her a `` wannabe . '' The authors clearly understand little about real police officers as evidenced by the continual use of over-done movie cop clich&eacute;s . Clich&eacute;s which I found as far-fetched as the basic premise . -- I 'm a big Frankenstein fan , which is about the only reason I bothered pursuing this book to the end . The two buddy-cops are hopelessly clich&eacute;d . By far the most interesting character in the book is Frankenstein 's original creation , now dubbed Deacalion , who gets far too little exposure and only shows up as a plot device . The authors provide very little coverage of the more fantastic -LRB- i.e. interesting -RRB- parts of the tale and concentrate on the characterization and suspense -LRB- i.e. boring -RRB- narratives . There are an over-abundance -LRB- typical in today 's books -RRB- of pop-culture references . At least 3 to Star Trek alone . It reminded me of a screenplay , with a new chapter every time the scene changes . Do yourself a favor and wait for the movie . Hollywood will surely rave over it .
 Its not a bad book but I expected more . I didnt find myself locked into it waiting for the next thing to happen and unable to put it down . One thing I didnt like is the chapters are tiny . It doesnt really let you get into one part of the story before its switched to another . I think they did this to imply fast action and keep you always expecting the next thing but it didnt work for me . I wont buy the next book in the series .
 Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein series supposedly updates Mary Shelley 's story for the twenty-first century . However , Koontz 's version contains so many unbelievable factors that it was impossible to cast aside skepticism and just go with the story . Koontz 's Frankenstein not only created a patch quilt , long-lived monster two centuries ago -LRB- somehow overcoming tissue decomposition , infections , organ and tissue rejections , brain death , and severed cranial nerves and spinal cord -RRB- , he also did the following
 I imagine this is a very creative book written by Dean Koontz , and I loved his Odd books . This book is just too dark for me , too brutal , too mean . I wanted to keep going , but there is no point in forcing my psyche to undergo things that make me too uncomfortable . Although it is n't for me , if you do n't mind pretty dark books , you might like it .
 A decent story that gets you to turn the pages . The problem is , there are n't enough pages . The story just ends leaving you in the middle of an action sequence . I do n't like paying $ 8 for a book that leaves you forced to buy the next one in a series . I do n't mind series -LRB- thought I 'm not that much into them -RRB- , but each book in a series should stand alone .
 It had to be New Orleans because the plot meandered around the city like the chronicles of a certain vampire-loving raconteur from the Big Easy . Do n't misunderstand me , I admire the detail , but get on with the story . If I wanted excessive minutia , I 'd read Crichton . Too many details derail the rising action and sidetrack the attention span . These characters burn tissue thin except for the side show freaks including Deucalion . He deserved the story and not the two dimensional , reiterated clones that became as souless as their flat egotistical creator -LRB- I guess Helios meant that he is the center of the solar system and not just this world -RRB- . I hope if I live 200 years I will not become as concerned with humanity that I find the need to control it through a B-movie motivation . Helios deserved more . Mr. Sinister in Marvel Comics played more convincing than Helios . I wanted to like this novel since I adored the Modern Prometheus and the Dune prequels , but where was the story ? More matter and less art next time ! I wo n't be tagging along for the extended tour of New Orleans for the next book . Sorry .
 I did n't like the only other Dean Koontz book I 've ever read , Watchers , but I enjoy reading Kevin Anderson 's stuff so I thought I 'd give Koontz another try because I 'm a reasonable person and I understand that not everyone can like everything by an author . On to the review
 The repetition of information and slow pace gave this book the feel of elementary school reading material . This series could have been condensed into one book and it would have been the better for it . I gave it two stars for the infrequent plot twists that got me through the book rather than throwing it away .
 Koontz can write . But he sucks as a story teller . Books are supposed to have a COMPLETE story in them , no ? Well this one has no ending . No end at all . These 2 detectives are clued in to the fact that Dr Frankenstein exists , and is creating his `` perfect race '' to some day kill off all humans . That 's it . You meet the original , now educated and `` at one with the universe '' Frankenstein 's monster , you meet the main characters , and they have some conflict . That 's the whole `` story '' in this book , which it really is n't because the basic elements of a story are a beginning , middle , and end .
 Having never read a Koontz novel before I was looking forward to my first one . So I picked this up . Boy , what a disappointment . For 469 pages all I kept asking myself is what is going on ? Why is this happening and what 's the point of the entire book ? In short , I felt the entire book was a big mess . Koontz co-wrote this book with someone else and it reads like it . It seems that these two guys were locked in separate rooms and wrote two different stories and never bothered to talk to one another while they were writing.Characters pop up and storylines are laid out that lead to nowhere . One character , who happens to be autistic , can only walk while he completes imaginary crossword puzzles in his mind . Sounds interesting but his story has no plot or ending whatsoever . I have no idea how this characted is connected to the other characters in this book.For almost the first 50 % of this book deals with pieces of what I was hoping would be a much larger , more coherent puzzle . I was waiting for something to happen but it never did . If Frankenstein is still alive than only a few people were murdered and it seems no one actually cared except two cops . Hardly what I would call earth shaking considering who the killer -LRB- s -RRB- could be.I think I 'll pass on any further Koontz novels for now . I was never a big fiction fan but friends of mine talked me into testing the waters with Koontz , Patterson , Brown , etc. . I think I 'll go back to by non-fiction books for awhile and save this tripe for the beach .
 Koontz turns the Frankenstein mythos into a cop story . The single , hot , emotionally distant cop ... her laugh a minute partner who secretly loves her ... the gruff rival detectives with questionable motives ... No cliche is left unturned . The most interesting character ... the first monster ... gets the least `` screen time '' . And the ending?This was just awful .
 This novel honestly makes me question the skill level of Koontz as a writer . Or maybe his editor is to blame . My assumption is that Koontz has so many bestsellers his editor does n't even proof anything anymore , or Koontz refuses to let anyone meddle with his first drafts . This is most clearly exhibited in the changes in past and present tense strewn throughout the book . At first I thought certain parts were taking place in the present , and others were slightly in the past , leading up to other events taking place , but no . Within chapters it was changing . A setting or character would described in the present and then the action would take place in the past . I kept wondering if I was missing something , but no , by the end it became clear that everything was happening at the same time . No storyline was farther along than another.The story itself is solid and was enough to keep me reading , though mostly just to see where he was going with all this . The cops were alright because I 'm a sucker for cop stories , but they were very wooden . As for the love aspects , if the characters were wooden like a soft birch , the love situation was a very solid oak , possibly a pine . For all the magical elements I had no trouble believing , I could not suspend my disbelief in regards to the people and their thoughts and actions.I also have a problem with the book 's pop culture references . They 're all clunky . I was weary when Deucalion and a monk were chatting about Cheezits for the first six pages of the book , and my fears were solid . Dean tried to reinvent the Frankenstein concept in a world that understood itself based on pop culture , as understood in our reality by a 50-year-old nerd -LRB- Koontz -RRB- . I laughed countless times -LRB- '' ... had it been Barney the Dinosaur things may have gone differently . '' LOLZ -RRB- . By the end I was pitying the poor guy.This book does n't seem like the product of a professional writer . I read stories like this in creative writing classes.Maybe read it . Probably do n't .
 This Frankenstein series started off with 3 1/2 stars and deteriorated downward with every new volume . Not up to Mr. Koontz 's standard of edge of your seat , nail biting suspense I 've come to love .
 If you have read a Koontz before , you will pretty much already know the story line to this tale . The only difference is that here Koontz takes in Frankenstein and turns him into a Marvel Comic book character out to save the day.I think that I have read just about every Koontz book . He has a plot that he uses over and over again shifting characters and situations just slightly in order to write something new , but it 's really not often new . The reason that I read or listen to Koontz is that every once and a while he almost produces an astounding book . Back in the early 1990 's it seems to me that he wrote two or three tales of horror that was really engrossing . But since then he has written close to 20 books that are just goofy . They are silly in that they go so over the top with a bad guy who is so purely evil pitted against a couple that is falling in love and as pure as can be . And the ending always is a lesson in Christian morality that makes you wants to call up the author and offer some editorial advice . The only difference with Frankenstein as opposed to most of Koontz earlier work is that this one is three times more complex and three times as long . I have not read the last two books in the series yet , but I hope that they do n't become three times as sappy.Koontz has the ability to write a great novel . His imagination and ability to push a story along are not in question . What is in question in my opinion is his need for pat resolutions . At the outset of this newest book , he talks of meeting with Phillip K Dick , an author who inspired many a twilight zone episode in the 60 's . Dick 's stories were strange and odd tales that harbor a mood I think Koontz strives for in his work . I wish that Koontz would pick up a few of Dick 's books and see that if his happy endings were applied to them , they would fall apart , just as Koontz 's do . I wish that Koontz 's main characters were either more flawed if on the good side or less evil if on the bad . At times when you are reading one of Koontz 's books , you feel very much like you are in the middle of one of the better X-file episodes and wonder why Koontz does n't grab a hold of these moments and expound . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I am a big fan of Dean Koontz but not this book . The character Decaulion was boring . I did n't think much of the ending -LRB- I do n't want to give it away -RRB- . Usually I 'm surprised by the ending , or satisfied . A predictable conclusion .
 I was given Frankenstein
 I read books One and Two of this series and at the end of each , I thought , he ca n't possibly write his way out of this . In the first two books , Koontz edged the tension and the plot up to dizzying heights . It seemed that the third book would have to end in an wildly dramatic climax with the clones deconstructing rapidly and the antagonists trapped in a circumstance that they could n't fight their way out of . And then ... nothing . The third book simply could n't resolve all the issues raised in the first two . Deucalion suddenly has magical power to violate the laws of physics . The malignant growth from Harker is a mentally challenged E.T. And Helios meets his end in a pile of garbage . I had a really horrid feeling as the book ended , that the clones gathered around a bonfire and sang the Ewok victory song from `` Return of the Jedi . `` I should have listened to my gut and realized early on in the book that the reason it took so long for Koonts to finish this one was because he knew he had written himself into a corner and there was no way out . My reading group was scheduled to read this for September . With any luck , we 'll just call the whole thing off .
 Definition of a bad book
 I love Dean Koontz . This was not my favorite . In fact I was rather unhappy with the whole book . Now do n't get me wrong he is a great writer but this book bored me . I do n't read to get bored .
 This is a review of the book `` Liberating Everday Genius '' by Jacobsen ; I 'm not sure if this book is the same under another name or if this new book offers more than the older version previously published.I read this book in hopes that it would actually teach me how to liberate my creativity and intelligence . Unfortunately , most of what it offers is mere information and theory regarding what `` everyday genius '' is and how to tell if you are one using a rather generic `` test . '' It then goes on to dispel myths and stereotypes that most `` geniuses '' seem to experience . I know that I found a lot of myself in this book although I 'm not sure I 'd call myself a genius . Perhaps I overestimate what the term really means , thus fitting in to the descriptions she gives of how society pushes down anyone who thinks differently than the majority . Sadly , none of my big questions were answered such as , `` how do I overcome this programming ? '' I am just as confused and feel just as alone as I did prior to reading the book , so I ca n't say it has been any help to me except to point out that maybe there are others out there like me . What 's the point if I still feel too lost to find them and to express my `` true '' self ? Much of the material is repetitive in that she presents the same ideas and concepts over and over again . I assume she 's trying to drill it into the head of the reader , but perhaps it 's just book filler . I think she could have compacted the material into a book half the original size , thus lowering the price in the process . If you buy it , expect to be reading a Tony Robbins type self-esteem booster ... do not expect to find real answers .
 This book was a disappointment . Jacobsen spends the majority of this book verbosely reassuring the insecure reader that he or she -LRB- somehow , I get the distinct impression that Jacobsen assumes the reader to be probably female rather than male -RRB- is indeed a precious flower . Well , I do n't need to be told I 'm a precious flower . I know that already . What I need to know is where I can find ground to plant myself in where I wo n't wither and die . Unfortunately , Jacobsen is long on reassurance but short on practical advice . This book contains several useful self-diagnostic tools , which aid in developing greater self-awareness , but the reader is left to figure out what to do with that information . I felt most keenly the lack of even the most basic advice on how to identify one 's `` Mandated Mission . '' Great phrase . Great concept . I can FEEL exactly what she 's talking about . But I do n't know what my Mandated Mission IS or how to go about identifying it , and she does n't explain.The subtitle promises `` A Revolutionary Guide for Liberating Everyday Genius . '' That is not what this book is . It 's not revolutionary , only exhortatory . It offers hope of liberation , but it does n't actually provide any . `` The Gifted Adult '' needs two things
 I checked this book out of the public library in hopes of gaining some insight into the many kinds of difficulties an adult faces upon learning of his/her giftedness . Instead , this book was full of Oprah-like perky advice , sprinkled liberally with sleep-inducing anecdotes about `` Heather '' and `` James '' et cetera.The author does not have the gifted reader in mind with this book . It is overstuffed with fluff and not enough substance . I have yet to find a book on gifted adults that speaks to us at our own level of intellect and cogently outlines issues and strategies that we face with our unique brains .
 This is a mediocre book at best . The tests give you an illusion that you are a genius too . It is full of self fullfiling falacies . If you think you are a genius , you are ... maybe not . Just review your scores on the SAT , GMAT , GRE , or whatever test you have taken . If you did not score in the top percentile , do n't call yourself a genius because the tests within these books said so . That is if you do n't want to embarass yourself in public , or even in private company.There are far better books out there on how to train and develop your multiple intelligences . This is not the one.Check authors like Michael Gelb , Tony Buzan , Thomas Armstrong , Howard Gardner , and David Coleman . They have developed a ton of serious well researched materials and methods on this subject . They all provide far better stuff than this book .
 well , they promised me `` NEW '' but this book is far from being new . Marking all over the book means it 's not new , the cover torn at some parts means that this is n't new !!
 Ok , I read hundreds of books a year , and in that time frame , there are about 1 to 2 books I just ca n't finish . Night Visitor is my second one this year -LRB- and hopefully my last -RRB- . There were so many typos and glaring grammatical mistakes -LRB- two things I usually read right over -RRB- that I just could not get into the story . I got about half way through it , and found that the characters were dull , flat and wholly unrealistic . I tried to suspend my belief because this is a fantasy -LRB- fairie story -RRB- but nothing I read made me want to continue on.A female photographer from the late 1800 's , with a father who does n't understand her and is patronizing coupled with a Scottish piper that has farie blood -LRB- oh yes , let us not forget the diluted fairie blood in our heroine as well ! -RRB- sets our story . The piper is killed for warning his allies about a trap set . For this , his hands are cut off and he dies -LRB- supposedly bad luck for the killers since you are not supposed to kill a piper -RRB- . His pipes haunt the castle for 200 years until our heroine touches his newly uncovered bones and makes a connection to him . This is the first few chapters and the most interesting part of the story . Our heroine then goes to the past to rescue our hero . Everything else seems to rush past , with little description or depth.I rarely do this , but I suggest you steer clear of Night Visitor , there are better stories out there .
 Thought it was poorly written . The story was long & boring . Thought I would try her to find new writers . will not buy again .
 Had a hard time following the story . Typos in dates really had me confused Malcolm was introduced in 1864 not 1964 .
 NIGHT VISITOR , by Melanie Jackson , purports to be a ghost story/romance -- the blurb on the back cover would certainly lead one to believe that -- but in actuality it 's more of a quasi-paranormal/time travel/fairy tale romance . Although one ca n't help but admire Jackson 's originality , VISITOR was often confusing , both in the way the story was structured and in the writing itself , and the characterizations suffered because of this . NIGHT VISITOR will appeal to some people , especially those who love anything to do with Scotland , but it 's not a particularly good novel , despite its inventiveness.Okay , here 's the premise
 Scripture twisting
 All you really have to do is read this woman 's views of marriage , one of God 's most sacred creations , to know how unstable and often unChristian her doctrine is . I have a hunch that author Erin Thiele 's doctrine twistings have more to do with a fooled mind than a malicious heart , but that does n't make her words any less poisonous.First , Thiele begins with befouling marital submission , one of the most commonly abused concepts of marriage . Turning the concept of healthy submission into authoritarian obedience is just the beginning of Thiele 's twistings ; according to her , wives must always obey their husbands no matter what , even if their husbands ask them to sin ! Like so many before her , in order to twist the marital doctrine , Thiele twists Biblical examples in order to support her views . She actually backs up her `` obey your husband into sin '' idea with the ridiculous claim that Sarah obeyed Abraham by lying about their relationship , and that God approved of this because He did n't punish her . God did n't bless Sarah 's obedience , He saved her from bad men . This does not mean He approved of her actions or Abraham 's . Indeed , Thiele does believe that you can freely sin so long as your husband tells you to first ; she quite literally says , `` Women are not responsible when they obey their husbands '' . I 've seen this before
 Not knowing Wind River the guide really did very little to help plan a trip excpet for forming a general idea of where to go and what to see and climb . On this level it fulfilled it 's job , but I was hoping for much more .
 I bought this book for my book club and I have had a very hard time reading it . The characters are too life-like in my opinion for me to have any sympathy towards them . I have read other novels from the Victorian Period that I have liked , but this one seems overly wordy and dull in my opinion . I gave two stars instead of one for the mini novel Indian Summer of a Forsyte , the best part of the series , which saved this from a one star reveiw . It was touching and beautiful to read . If only the rest of the books followed such a formula .
 Having first viewed the TV version of this story , I find that the written version tends to be overlong and overdetailed . -LRB- I am not that interested in the brand of cigars that old Jolyon smokes . -RRB- I am only about 1 1/2 chapters into the book and hope it gets livlier soon .
 ... for Oxford University Press . There are quite a few annoying typos . I can see how the new Forsyte by the name Scames or the unlisted French word `` ficbe '' came about as a result of faulty character recognition , but how Soames , born in 1855 , got to be thirty-eight in in 1885 , is beyond me . Do n't they have proof-readers anymore?By all means read the book -- you may find out how a lot of later works of literature derive from it -- but not in this edition .
 This collection of sentences and catch phrases is VERY weak on technical details and VERY heavy on the diatribe . In several instances , it is down right incorrect when referencing history . This book may fit the needs of a poli . sci . type , but it is less than a dust collector when it comes to those working in the fields of IT/IW/IA . As a 2 decade professional in the field , take my recommendation and avoid this book if you are looking for anything beyond recycled political phrases related to IW .
 I bought this book planning on checking the Feng Shui for my house for the year 2002 and find out after reading several chapters that Lillian Too assumes your house was built since 1984 or has had major renovation during this period . If this is not the case then the rest of the book -LRB- i.e. the most important part -RRB- is totally useless . Buy another book , any book except this one .
 I 've read them all , many times over and am a big fan . This one held so much promise for me , describing the culture and life of the Californios . And then he had to inject that mystic story of another world in there ...
 `` The Magic Barrel '' was a collection of stories that intrigued me , if only for the whimsical sounding name . I was disappointed , however , to find that the stories themselves were themselves not whimsical in the least . Malamud has created a world where paranoia is abundant , and worse , where poor , lackadaisical decisions are abound equally . There are no winners in any of Malamuds stories . I found myself becoming angry at the characters , for the way in which they responded to conflicts was alarmingly pathetic . His character development is strong , however , and I did enjoy maybe one or two of the stories until I found the ending rather dreary . If a literary work is `` sad , '' that is not a deterrant for me . Malamud 's characters , on the other hand , are hopeless . I ca n't seem to enjoy reading about people who operate in such ways .
 I selected the complete short stories of Malamud and this book is only a selction of short stories . I was disappointed but we decided to keep it and be more careful in ordering .
 I would suggest before sitting down to read this book that you brew a large pot of coffee . Or better yet , do n't sit down to read it at all . This is dry stuff !
 I find that the moves that Wally Jay was at best very mediocre . I am originally from Hawaii and have had many Judokas that can do major moves that when watching them , the moves that they do is much more fluid and very continuous . To see that many martial artists are screaming their credentials and rank is making me tired . Though , I started martial arts at 3 years old and became a head instructor at 19 , I have more skills that I need to perfect . I just hope to see real martial artists can be recognised .
 As a student of jiujitsu i understood alot of the moves but i found that without previous knowledge these pictures and instructions were difficult to understand . I feel there is alot of good information but not worth buying .
 I bought it before I knew anything . Now that I have been training a bit more and reading more I realized that this book is lacking a whole lot . I do not really recomend this book unless you can get it for free .
 I would like to say that I admire any one who puts in the time and effort to learn a martial art and master it . That takes a lot of dedication and hard work . So I really have a great deal of respect for Wally Jay . Having said that though , I think small circle Jujitsu is really an ineffective grappling system . And I also think that it is no good in the street . Reading this book confirmed all of my worst suspicions about this art . Buy it only if you are looking for a good laugh and have money to burn . If not , and you actually want a good book about fighting try anything in Kid Peligro 's Brazilian Jiu-jitsu series . Or go buy some Mario Sperry Vale Tudo tapes . Just do n't get this book !
 Wow , I ca n't believe all the great reviews this got . Although I must admit the book starts out with a bang and drew me in quickly , it quickly fizzled into a soap opera and I soon felt like I was reading a script from one of those overly-dramatic soap operas you see on Univision . I was hoping to read a novel that would provide me with some rich insight into the history of El Salvador . Instead , I was given an unoriginal family drama that could have really taken place anywhere . Although the book does use a realistic description of El Salvador as its BACKDROP , there was nothing in the writing that gave me any striking details into the economic or political history of the country or its people . Unwanted pregancies , cheating spouses , backstabbing friends , unrequited love ... its all been done before . Just because it all takes place in El Salvador does n't make it a historical novel.I also was n't overly impressed with the writing . I guess it was technically adequate , but definatley not very sophisticated or poignant . Nothing in the book made me stop , put it down , and think . Nothing stuck with me . As a student of Spanish I also thought the author way abused the Spanish phrasing . She should learn to use it sparingly , and only when there is something deep to get across . She uses a Spanish phrase about 3 times a page and it quickly becomes seemlingly pointless . Bottom line
 This is our book group selection this month and I was looking forward to a good read , especially judging by the appealing cover . Ms. Benita is indeed a great story teller and visual with her discriptions , however , the character developmentis sorely lacking . Perhaps this is the point , but why ? All sorts of trying events , happy occassions and other significant life experiences occur but they had little impact as I did not really know nor care about many of the chacacters , although I wanted to . Jacinta in particular needed some enchancement . It will be interesting too hear what my fellow book club members think .
 I am amazed at the high ratings this book received . It was , undoubtedly , the worst book I have ever read . It might have been better with good editing . There were many unimportant characters and many horrible descriptions that could have been omitted . Who really cares about the dogs , many of whom have no relevance to the story . Who really cares about the detailed description of the decor of a room . Yes , I did finish the book that , by the way , had no ending . Toward the middle of the book I actually started editing it . What a mess !
 I got this book expecting a bunch of puzzles from the cover and title . There are many other items to be found , but everything looks very out-dated . Definitely keep looking if you want puzzles or other up-to-date patterns.Wayne
 I love the ESV translation and rate it five stars . I am upset that the publisher of this translation so poorly packages its product . This edition is a `` shirt pocket '' edition that seems well bound but has impossibly small print.What is needed is a `` coat pocket '' size edition of the New Testament that is bound in such a way that it will lie open of its own accord . The print size should be 10 or higher . This present edition will not lie open , and , what the more , the print is so small that only an ant could read it.Crossway publishes only two editions of the New Testament alone , and both are inferior . The print is too small to be read with enjoyment . Something has to change !
 My review centers on only one thing - the type size . This edition is disappointingly and , in my humble opinion , unnecessarily small . Increasing the type size a point or two would move the edition from unreadable to readable and , at most , increase the book length by about a hundred pages . Since it is currently at almost 500 pages , I feel quite certain the binding could accommodate another 100 pages with no problem.What makes it all the more frustrating is that the type itself is a nice clean face that would n't require a magnifying glass if it was just a little larger.I really do n't believe Our Lord meant for us to suffer eye strain to read His word ; nor do I think He wants us to carry around large books when small books with readable type would serve the -LRB- His -RRB- purpose .
 Really , really awful . The sheer paucity of Alan Dean Foster 's imagination is staggering . `` Midworld '' was recommended to me by a friend ; at first I thought I was the victim of a bad joke . Could be used as a blueprint on how not to write a novel . Witless , humorless , and lacking in even the slightest glimmer of originality . Do n't waste your time .
 My eight year old son came home with this and after reading a little I took it away from him . This is the kind of stuff that warps minds and is only appropriate for those already warped . There are plenty of those.Make sure your kids do n't read this untill they are older . Its all about killing and screaming in a tour of hell .
 Hello people . First of all , Naomi Campbell did not write this book . It was written for her . She has admitted this in interviews . Why would anyone want to read a novel written by a supermodel anyway . I guess people who read books authored by Fabio would dig it
 This book is so obscene in some parts , and its not even written by Naomi Campbell , but some filthy man . Dont pick up this book if you want your brain to be burnt away by the promiscious literary flop of some freak .
 A few years back I was forced to read `` Tess '' for my English class . Nobody in my class could ever finish reading the book ... only a few of us could ever even finish the Cliff Notes for it . Our Professor tried solving the situation by renting us the video , but all of us were fast asleep half an hour into it.Tess is a bimbo with no brain and an insult to women , yes , even at that time ! This book is over-rated and should not be called a classic . If you really want to read good literature , read D.H.Lawrence , read Tolstoy , read evn modern classical writers like Achebe , but for crying out loud , do NOT waste your time and money on `` Tess . . ''
 The whole tragedy is in the fact that I was NOT forced to read this book but actually picked it up because I WANTED to read it -LRB- or so I thought at the time -RRB- . I have read many books in my life , quite a lot of them classics , but I have to say that this book just about drove me bananas . I think there is a general misapprehension in thinking that a classic must be good.I dare not even think of how many times I probably came close to being committed to an asylum for acting suspiciously on the train while reading `` Tess '' -LRB- every two seconds I would sigh , roll my eyes , scoff or just plain throw my hands in the air from frustration -RRB- . Many reviewers had rightly pointed out that the character of Tess is the shubbiest excuse of a woman in the whole Solar System . How can anybody , in any age , on any continent , be as spineless and masochistic as she is ? This woman is more of a martyr that Joan of Arc , for crying out loud.The excuse that this book takes place in Victorian England does n't quite cut it . I saw more strength and backbone in Hester of The Scarlet Letter -LRB- which story took place in a much more prudish and puritanical setting than England of 1800 's -RRB- . I think Thomas Hardy invented himself a woman who would act like his cocker spaniel ; no matter how much he beat the crap out of that ` faithfull friend ' the poor dog would always come crawling back and lick his boots , which is pretty much how Tess acts throughout the book . The whole scenario smacks a lot of a perverted male fantasy . Maybe Hardy had a nasty mother , who knows . I bet psychiatrists would have a field day with the author.I am disappointed and feel cheated of the time that I could have used to read something else ; Dickens , for example . Or just Maeve Binchy , if I wanted female driven narrative . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' would have been a much better book if that idiot-of-a-husband and Tess herself would fall into that bloody river in the middle of the book -LRB- exactly as Tess wanted it -RRB- and have done with it . I know I would applaud such a great ending!In short
 This was one of the worst books I have ever read . It goes on way to long with a lot of filler which seems out of place .
 Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society . They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending . He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal . It is impossible for a women of Tess 's virtue to turn into a criminal . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression .
 Having a degree in English Lit. , it seems sinful for me to accuse Thomas Hardy of being a terrible writer , but there it is . Any writer today submitting a manuscript like this would have it rejected out of hand . This is not a book for an audience seeking a good , fast-paced story that speaks for itself . If you read this book , you will have to interpret every word , description , and action , try to guess what universal message the author is attempting to convey and what the characters are thinking and feeling at any given time . In short , the kind of book that college English professors love , and try to emulate , and remain college English professors because they will never get such a thing published.First of all , character development is not only lacking , it is absent altogether . It might be assumed that the book 's title character , at least , would be strongly drawn , someone we could sympathize with , empathize with , or relate to in some way . Not the case . While Hardy expounds upon Tess ' physical appearance ad nauseum throughout , never did I gain any real insight into her thoughts and feelings , her motivation . Maybe the insight is hidden in these endless physical descriptions or her inane actions , but frankly , if I 'm reading for pleasure I do n't want to take the time to search . Sorry . And it follows that if Hardy failed in his title character , forget about all the others.Secondly , his wordiness is irritating . One paragraph of half-way interesting action is followed by a full page of useless description and genuflecting . Perhaps essential to hidden meanings and motives and social commentary , but again , I 'm not taking the time to search . I found myself skipping over these , the result being my finishing the book in two evenings.Conversely , Hardy seems to gloss over the most important event in the book , cloaking it in overly subtle tones . Granted , this was written during the sexually-repressed Victorian Era , for an audience with `` delicate sensibilites '' , but come on . Something as traumatic and life-shattering as rape , in fact the event that is supposed to drive the entire novel , deserves more than an allusion to medieval knights taking advantage of peasant girls . Not that I want graphic details , on the contrary . But please , give me a break ; even if her society deems she take it as a matter of course , let us see , clearly , her inward rage , hurt , bafflement at what has happened to her . Something . Anything . Make her human , in other words.If you really must read this , a synopsis would be enough . The novel 's idea is a good one , and could have probably been done brilliantly by someone else . Hardy fails it miserably .
 A great windbag of a novel , Hardy seems to think that not only does a grassy meadow take half a chapter to describe , he thinks that everyone else agrees with him . Please . Not the largest complaint I have , but surely the first , is that Hardy 's style is like looking up looking up `` stone pillar '' in a thesaurus , then two others , and then writing down every single synonym . It takes pages for him to describe a dairy farm , and at some point you wonder if he 's introducing the farm as a character , it gets so much time.Not that he seems to spend that much time on his characters ; they are created with little that interests , and contain less development that a homeless shelter under President Bush.Tess is described , at great length , and quite often , as a beautiful woman . Okay , so what ? Her personality is so weak I wonder if he even thought about what she would do in a situation , or just had her do whatever the other characters wanted her to do , until the very end , when she makes an out of character action that is supposed to be shocking , but is more perplexing ; the character described in the rest of the book would n't do that , and there is nothing to indicate why she has a sudden change of being.Angel is built up as the `` perfect prince in shining armor '' until he finds out about Tess 's secret , when he suddenly acts like a selfish and snotty child that is the very opposite of what he has been in the rest of the book . Then he switches back at the end , with little thought as to why by Hardy , at least not much that is apparent in the book.Let 's see , boring writing style and poorly done characters , what else is there ? Ah , plot . The only way to describe plot is that it made the description seem riveting and his characters thought out . He 's spend the time to talk about Tess getting a job , then the next chapter she is suddenly running away from it ; I felt robbed of the time spent in the build up , and knowing more in detail of what happened in the intervening time from when she got the job to when she quit would have helped with her character . And when you think there is no need for detail , Hardy 's got more than enough . He spends ages talking about Tess and Angel 's time together at the dairy farm , but none of their actions change the way they feel about each other . He could have cut our some of their horse riding , and no one would complain.In short , Hardy 's the kind of writer who is analogous to a storyteller that likes the sound of his voice ; just because he can say something , he does . And in his endless drivel , what might be interesting is skipper over . This guy could have used and editor.When it first came out , this book was ill received , and I see no reason for anything to have changed since .
 The time spent on reading this book could have been spent on someting worth while and interesting such as watching the grass grow , or picking my teeth . It was a real disappointment and the reading of this book by anyone with a life should by outlawed .
 Tess was a very boring book . From an analytical point , the book 's major theme was FATE . However , you must be interested in the victorian era , in order to enjoy the book . It is the same thing with the Scarlet Letter , to enjoy the book you must know about the time era . The problems that the characters are faced with in the book are laughable by todays standards .
 I was forced to read Tess for summer reading . I have possibly never been so glad to finish a book , not out of joy at a good reading experience but because the novel was such torture to wade through , in all its melodrama , sensationalistic elements , unlikable characters , and gaping holes in the plot , especially towards the end . Tess is a weakling who acts illogically , vacillates and secures the reader 's complete disgust before the end . One should already know it from the title and the first few pages , where Tess 's father , a peasant , finds out that he is the relic of an old noble family -LRB- his real name is Durbeyfield -RRB- . Why can not books have sense ? All through the novel I longed to be reading Pride and Prejudice or Middlemarch . The time this book was written in has nothing to do with it ; both the two books just mentioned were written considerably before it . I was left with a very poor impression of Thomas Hardy 's talents as a writer . -LRB- Incidentally , it should tell you something that more than one reader/reviewer compared it to the movie Titanic . -RRB-
 The back cover of my book described Tess as a heroine for her time . I was thrilled to begin reading this book to discover what it was that made her a heroine . I was very disappointed by the end of the book . She was no heroine , more like a self-pitying brat ! Hardy did a fantastic job of describing life during that periold of time , but that talent was not enough to change my opinion of the book . Very aggrevating !!!
 TESS is one of the more boring works of literature . Yes , Hardy was rather a revolutionary for the period as far as his choice of heroine and the subjects with which he dealt , but that does n't necessarily add up to a good book . The story itself is n't bad -- if you 're willing to wade through all the unnecessary muck to piece it together . However , I have trouble stomaching the fact that Tess is lauded as a brave and virtuous heroine when she is actually completely spineless and at times rather annoying . I wo n't spoil the story by giving examples , since you may very well be intending to read it anyway , or being forced to read it for a class . If the latter is so ... good luck .
 This book has it 's place -- and that place is in an American Literature course at a university . It was entirely too technical to be enjoyable . I was assigned this book as a ninth grader and now that I am a teacher and understand lexile levels , I must advise other teachers not to assign this book until the later grades -- and only to the highest students .
 This is part of my attempt to read classics and non-fiction as well as my usual speculative fiction this year . A few people noted that Hardy is a bit of a hard read , and that turned out to be true . His style is jagged and choppy , bouncing around quite a bit , and never giving you a true glimpse of some scenes important to know how to interpret -LRB- such as the question of Tess ' seduction or rape by Alec d'Urberville -RRB- . However , overall , it is an interesting story at least and I enjoyed the book . But considering the ending seemed to be rather ill-fitting to the rest of the tale , I 'll have to pass on giving it a high rating . It was rather disappointing to slog through his odd phrasings and quirks , only to be let down at the end by the characters just magically changing personality traits . I think Tess was a weakling without a mind of her own for the most part , Angel was worthless , and the character with the most potential in the story is the so-called villain , Alec d'Urberville .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a novel remarkable only in its quality to inspire hatred from those unfortunates forced to read it . Melodramatic and unrealistic , it meanders interminably exploring the theme of a `` pure woman '' before finally finishing with an ending that has little impact on the disgusted reader.Tess is , in short , a useless book . Apart from keeping a healthy fire roaring in my hearth , Tess contains little of merit . Well , I suppose one could improve one 's vocabulary by reading Tess -LRB- fun , but completely useless words like `` prestidigitation '' abound -RRB- , but reading `` How to improve your verbal scores on the SAT '' is inarguably more concise and probably more entertaining.Not to say that there is nothing to be learned from the characters . Simply observe their actions in certain situations and do the opposite . The three main characters , particularly Tess , are just begging to have a little common sense smacked into them . However , Tess can be considered enigmatic in one respect . Hardy seems to be unable to decide whether she is just ordinarily pretty , or ' a dazzling fair milkmaid ' so it is up to the reader , should he still be awake , to decide . At any rate , her big , multi-colored eyes and Pre-Raphaelite hair and figure hide a complete vapidity painfully evident to the modern reader . She only develops a spine near the end of the novel , when such a change is unconvincing and thoroughly out of character.So ... a predictable and heavily padded plot , infuriating characters , too much symbolism , inappropriate philosophical discussions and a great dollop of Victorian fluff . The result ? Tess of the d'Urbervilles roasting on an open fire .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the worst books I have ever read . I read this book in high school , though I am now in college , but do n't discount this review because of that . Tess has absolutely no backbone . She pines away for stupid Angel who is more cruel to her than the guy who raped her in many ways . I know women were n't as strong at that time but even so , she is still pathetic . When she tells Angel that she would jump in the river and kill herself for him , I laughed out loud ! Tess is a spineless , pathetic excuse for a human being . She needs to take some lessons from Jane Eyre , a hundred times better heroine . Also , Hardy describes the same stupid valley so many times that the book drags on forever and seems like it is never going to end . I disliked all of the characters so much , that it made the book have not one redeeming quality to it . If you want to read a Hardy book , read Mayor of Casterbridge -- it is much better !
 I did n't like this book very much . It was silly . I 'm sorry that I 've wasted time reading this book . There are better books to read .
 I 'm a fan of classics , but I could not force myself to struggle through this book . I could neither identify with the characters -LRB- Tess especially seemed extraordinarily weak-willed and passive -RRB- nor follow through the endless description of the novel . Iw ould suggest a different book
 This edition is basically newsprint with a hard binding . What a racket ! Signet Classics -LRB- Pocket size -RRB- with introduction by Marcelle Clements.Tess of the D'urbervillesAnd the binding is not good , either -- do n't know what the word for it is but no left margin .
 I did n't like the book . The language was difficult to read and in the end the topic was one i do n't agree with . The ultra right values where women were always at fault for tempting a man and she was the one dealt final cruel punishment . I am relieved to be of this century . Makes us appreciate what we have and what those before us had to suffer for us to be where we are now .
 This book in the beginning was so slow that I finished a book twice it 's length before I finished the first chapter of Tess of the D'Urdubervilles .
 I 've enjoyed reading this edition for its critical essays and helpful footnotes , but the copy I ordered from Amazon was missing thirty pages . -LRB- It turns out that pages 14 through 44 are printed twice , resuming at page 77 -RRB- . They may have corrected the problem in other copies , but do n't assume that you 'll get the whole book !
 I was really disappointed in this book and surprised that so many people think it is a wonderful story . It was such a depressing story and reflects all of the worst things about the way women were treated in that time . I do n't think this story had any redeeming qualities and very few likeable characters -LRB- even Tess was quite irritating at times with her pride getting in the way of asking for help to make her life a little easier -RRB- .
 This is quite simply the worst story i have ever read in my life.It was depressing , LONG , and meandered its way aimlessly till the end . Whats worse , the book could have ended half way and still had the same impact . The character still meets the same fate , everyone would have felt the same way , and the reader would have been spared several chapters of agonizing reading had she made a different choice after confessing her secret to Angel.If you like reading a depressing story where it seems like the author is taking sadistic joy in tormenting the protagonist , this is the story for you . For everyone else , stay far far away .
 I am sorry to all of you who like this book but I would never wish a single soul to read this . This book has the plot
 This was a VERY used paperback of Tess sold as new with library stickers on the binding as well as the front cover . Amazon is definitely not trustworthy anymore .
 I do n't know how can this book be a classic . I have n't thought that I could find such absurd stuff in a book . Do n't waste your time with it .
 I thought this book was long , drawn out , and boring . It was too descriptive . To me , the writing style is a lot like Jane Eyre . I do n't particularly like that type of book.Plus , it was way too sad and unrealistic . I do n't think THAT many bad things could happen to one person .
 We had to read it for our GCSE coursework . Everybody found it boring and too descriptive . If you have a choice , do not choose this book ! To make it worse , it is incredibly long and depressing . DO NOT EVEN TOUCH IT !!!
 Having read a number of classics recently , I have come to the conclusion that many of them are `` classics '' because they are great books to study , not great books to read . I 'm sure I could spend years dissecting this book and finding new allusions , hidden references , and coincidental parallels . In fact , I found myself forced to re-read and , in some cases , grammatically deconstruct such large portions of this book to `` get '' it that I could probably claim to have read the book twice with a pretty straight face.If the book had been just a little worse , I would have been spared a lot of effort because I could have just written it off as being bad . Unfortunately , every time I was ready to throw in the towel , Thomas Hardy would throw in a turn of phrase or new way of seeing something that made me decide to ride along just a little longer to see where this was headed.In the end though , I have to cast my vote with many of the low star reviews here . Thomas Hardy 's characterization of the landscape , farms , and villages beats his character development hands down . The plot moves like a fault line -LRB- millimeters per year followed by sudden jumps -RRB- and , frankly , by the end I felt more sense of elation at having reached the last page than a sense of regret that `` the President of Immortals had ended his sport with Tess . '' For once , I 'm guessing that the Cliff 's notes would be a better read than the actual book .
 WHY are poor , innocent school kids forced to read this intensly dull text ? It is enough to put anyone off English Lit for LIFE . If anyone in authority is reading this , PLEASE take this piece of junk OFF the sylabus ... PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!
 Okay ... I had to read this book as summer reading ... I must say I was actually looking foward to reading it ... I thought it would be good ... I thought wrong . Tess is one of the most awful books I have ever read ... Tess is a sap with no spine and an insult to all women . I understand this book was written in an era when women were not strong but still ... could n't Hardy have given Tess some common sense ?? This book put me to sleep more than once with its long descriptions of the same valley ... and can anything else happen to Tess at the end of this novel ? I think every bad thing that could happen to a woman happened to Tess ... a bit melodramatic , maybe ? I do n't know how this book became a classic ... was it classic for its ability to put somebody to sleep ... or how about sending someone into a depression or fits of anger because Tess is a moron ? If you want to read classics read Crime and Punishment or even Madame Bovary ... I also had to read those this summer and I actually enjoyed them ... so do n't go saying to yourself the only reason I do n't like this book is because I was forced to read it ... I was forced to read those other books and I liked them . In short , I pity anybody who has to read this book ... and I do n't know how anybody in their right minds could have given this book 5 stars .
 I have n't been able to get into it ... read only a bit and it has n't held my attention ... maybe I 'll try again sometime ... I know it is supposed to be like a classic so try it ...
 Thia is the saddest story I have ever read ! Poor girl -- she does n't have a chance with finding a happy life ! The cards are all stacked against her from the git-go !
 I thought the story line sounded interesting so i bought it ... twice ! Trying to get a version of the book that wasnt so diffucult to read , its ok off and on , half the time i dont know what the author is referring to cause it was written so long ago that the author uses that language and it just got in my way of the story , which is why i bought it again thinking the 2nd book looked easier to read but it wasnt ... sadly i will be reduced to trying to find the movie to find out what happens and it bothers me because i hate to not finish a book !
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME.My daughter claims this is her favorite book of all time . Now I 'm thinking she was switched at birth with some stranger . I wo n't go as far as saying I hated the book , -LRB- though I really did -RRB- but it 's sure close . Tess is a brainless twit with no backbone and NO common sense at all . I wanted to shake her into reality . Even her own mother thought she was nuts for confessing to her husband -LRB- on their wedding night -RRB- that she was n't a virgin , even though it was n't her fault . Of course the self-centered husband ca n't even look her in the face and leaves her as soon as possible - sending her home to her mother . The book is all about Tess and every wrong turn she makes - not one good decision . I was disgusted with Tess and had to fight my way through to the end . I had to force myself to pick it up . I kept thinking there must be something good about the book - I was wrong.I have downloaded another Thomas Hardy book , I wo n't count him out yet , but if it starts being as horrible as this book , I sure wo n't force myself to finish .
 I will admit that I read this for an advanced high school English class last year , making me one of those notorious ` immature high school reviewers . ' However , I 'm an English major , and I try to give each book an equal chance and see how they fared in the end . Well , here is Tess : I 'm a reader who minds terribly when realism is outweighed by drama and romance . It sounds terrible , I know , but I prefer realism , and become frustrated when there 's too much drama and love in a book . ` Too much ' is a matter of opinion , of course , but in my opinion , Tess contains too much . It begins to sound overly-Victorian . One bad , dramatic thing after another takes place , and each occurrence seems forced , as though Hardy pushed it onto the paper to further the development of another bad thing . You could say that this is called * plotting * , but it comes across to me as bad plotting.Remember , this is coming from a person who prefers Edith Wharton and John Dos Passos as their recreational reading . Drama and fiction are all okay in my book , but too much of anything is bad . Hardy needs more moderation , in my opinion . So to finish fairly , I 'll say that Tess of the D'Urbervilles makes a great dramatic Victorian novel with a beautiful tragic message . However , readers like myself , who are frustrated by large amounts of romance , tragedy , and beauty , will agree that two stars is a perfect rating .
 When is pain the necessary entry price for involving oneself in great fiction , and when is it simply something you might call `` author abuse '' ? I believe the tipping place can be found somewhere in the pages of Thomas Hardy 's most famous novel.In it , we meet young Tess Durbeyfield , a simple English farm girl who struggles to make it through everyday life . Her father , convinced he 's the rightful heir of an extinct family of Norman nobles , the D'Urbervilles , is a shiftless layabout who drinks and lets his numerous children do his chores . The family starves quite pitifully until fate puts in the first of several appearances . Tess meets a rich young bravo who goes by the D'Urberville name and decides to merge his bloodline with that of Tess , no matter what she thinks about that.Alec D'Urberville is one of two men whose attentions cause Tess much heartache and make up the substance of the book . Actually , there are three such men if you count Hardy , which I pretty much do . Alec is a right cad and Angel Clare , the other man , manages the impressive feat of being much worse , but neither lays for Tess the snares Hardy does , of horrible coincidences , contrived reverses in character , and way too much tolerance for ill treatment . There 's even a letter-swallowing carpet . Man , I hate when carpets do that!When Hardy is n't pounding poor Tess into the ground , he 's doing the same to us , pointing out how Tess in her misery represents the nullity of our common existence . `` She might have seen that what had bowed her head so profoundly - the thought of the world 's concern at her situation - was founded on an illusion , '' he writes . `` She was not an existence , an experience , a passion , a structure of sensations , to anyone but herself . `` If only!Here 's the rub . `` Tess '' is a pretty pleasing book to read if you manage to ignore or at least discount the plot . Hardy writes with great verve and knowledge about the world of his characters , fictional Wessex with its villages of hayricks and barn dances . At times it 's like reading Wordsworth , and at others it 's like reading Lovecraft . I do n't know how else to describe a writer who can wax so lyrical and then shift into something darkly surreal and macabre without missing a beat . He was a master of description at the height of his powers in 1891 when he published this . `` Tess '' is also a deep book , with much Biblical allusion and symbolic foreshadowing matted into the subtext . Reading the novel with an online study guide helps bring out a rich harvest of Hardy 's learned genius , as you can see the careful layering and connecting up he does throughout the book.Alas , it does n't make the story itself any more digestible.Tess herself is hard not to care for , but she 's frustratingly passive in a way that can not be blamed simply on the time and place where her story is set . She seems more of a piece with something Hardy was trying to say of the human condition , of suffering being one 's lot in this vale of tears . You keep hoping things will turn around , but pretty soon you see the author has other ideas . Hardy pretty much wants her to suffer , so she does.Maybe in some imaginary alternative existence , I 'll be treated to the scene of Hardy being called to some kind of literary court of law , answering for the misery he put me through here . I 'll gladly waive my charges against him - only if they let me watch when it 's Tess 's turn to collect .
 This book , while perhaps well written , is just so ridiculous and self-contradictory that it 's maddening to read . While it 's necessary to forgive him some annoying parts of his style as being a part of his age , one can not overlook the horrible plot and characterization.Not one of the characters in the entire book is coherent or believable . He begins with a stereotype -- the innocent country lass -LRB- Tess -RRB- , the skeptical intellectual -LRB- Angel -RRB- , the depraved rich dandy -LRB- Alec -RRB- -- describing mainly their appearance and superficial thoughts , so that they never rise above the stereotype . Then , if they stereotype does n't suit the plot , he 'll simply have them act in complete contradiction of their previous shoddy characterization , without any explanation of how they might have changed . Angel 's rejection of Tess , for example -- he , the skeptical nonconformist who questions conventional social mores , suddenly repudiates Tess for being the victim of a rape , despite his own questionable conduct . I might expect that behavior from a conceited hypocrite , but not the all-around good guy that Hardy has made Angel out to be . And it 's not like we 've made a discovery here about Angel 's real nature , because Hardy goes right on describing him the way he had before . Of course , he takes her back , which is perhaps believable , except that he has not a moment of hesitation when he finds out she murdered Alec . So when your wife tells you she was raped , you leave her , but when she kills someone , you help her to escape without even a second thought?Then there 's Tess . She seems like a pretty resourceful and sensible girl right up to the point where Angel leaves her for a stupid reason and she spends the next five years or whatever pining for him . She writes him one scolding letter , and then regrets it . And even though she ca n't muster the courage to approach Angel 's father , or tell Angel off , or rebuff the advance of Alec -- although Hardy describes her as having `` natural fearlessness '' at one point -- she can somehow stab Alec later.Alec , of course , is the one who first becomes a preacher because someone talks to him on the road , and then gives it up because Tess is just too darn beautiful . You 'd think some more convincing would be needed for either conversion , but nope , Hardy ca n't spare any time for actual character development when he could describe Talbothays again.Finally , I can take an example from a minor character . At one point in the book Hardy describes Izz Huett , a milkmaid , as `` by nature the sauciest and most caustic '' of the milkmaids ; a mere 20 pages later he describes her as `` a girl of tact . '' Did he read what he wrote before sending it to the publisher?Aside from the contradictions in every one of his major characters -LRB- and a lot of the minor ones too -RRB- , there are also points in the book that are just plain ridiculous . I mean , Stonehenge ? Come on . How cheesy can you get ? Not to mention the fact that he sent sixteen cops after them so they could be surrounded in the morning . It 's as if he put stuff into his book because he thought it would be cool . Same deal with Angel going to BRAZIL . Also , apparently Angel can pick berries with his whip . Hardy also tends to get carried away with his own writing . He once mentions the plains of Brazil -LRB- if by `` plains '' he meant `` rain forest '' -RRB- and describes a cow 's `` large-veined udders . `` Lastly , the book oozes prejudices about country folk and women -- mostly to the effect that they 're naive and ignorant . In fact , Hardy seems to share the prejudices of Angel Clare . In any case , this book is a lot of reading in return for all the reward of a trashy romance novel .
 I 'm a French student of English , in my third year at university . I have to read `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' for my British literature class and it 's just terrible . The author spends so much time describing Tess ' beauty , virtue , kindness and courage , that I wonder why her name is not Mary Sue . There is no character development
 How nice . Tess is a totally unrealistic character-she has more sorrow in her life then most of us have in a century . This book is extremely sad , and I do n't understand why it 's a classic . Tess is very happy until her alchoholic dad discovers that they were a noble family , so , getting to big for his britches , he sends Tess over to another D'urberville family , which actually just adopted the name because they wanted to seem influential . That 's when the trouble starts . Soon , Tess gives birth to a baby , and goes back home in disgrace . Then she meets another nice guy , who abandons her when he learns of her past . They author could have done with some happpy scenes ... life 's not all sadness !
 either me or the 12 grade teacher who assigned this piece of crap . This book was so terrible no one is my class read it , out teacher would have to come to class with 25 photocopies of the pages we were going over because no one would `` remember '' to bring thier book to class . As a story it was poigent and overdone , as a character , Tess was an insult to women everywhere . She had no backbone unill the end of the novel . fankly , I liked Hardy 's poetry better and wish this book would be removed from all required reading list .
 I enjoy reading classics , and have read several . No more than anyone else , perhaps , but a decent few that i could get my hands on.I 've never read Hardy , and though his style was different , it was not hard to follow . The flaws in his characters are realistic enough , but it is those flaws that made me dislike the book . Tess is a simpering simpleton who should be smarter than she is . Angel is a Devil , who is the most hypocritical , bigoted , delusional idiot that walked in the book . The evil man , Alec D'Urberville , was terrible , but his evils could be comparable to Angel 's . And in the middle is the lost child Tess , who ca n't be counted on to have a milliliter of sense or perception concering people throughout the entire book . She worships Angel , and blames herself for her rape , because Angel blames her despite his insisting that he does n't . The plot could have been better , the characters could have been likable , and for God 's sake it could have been less repetitive . Yes , we all understand , Tess you love him , Tess you need him , Tess you live for him , whatever , we understand , stop obsessing . Well written , but only worth reading at most once . I would borrow it instead of buying it .
 Bad cover . Half of the book is ruined because the spine has come unglued ... false product description !
 Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society . They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending . He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal . It is impossible for a women of Tess 's virtue to turn into a criminal . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression .
 Completely boring and a hard read . I was assigned this book for school and did not enjoy it !
 I will admit that I read this for an advanced high school English class last year , making me one of those notorious ` immature high school reviewers . ' However , I 'm an English major , and I try to give each book an equal chance and see how they fared in the end . Well , here is Tess : I 'm a reader who minds terribly when realism is outweighed by drama and romance . It sounds terrible , I know , but I prefer realism , and become frustrated when there 's too much drama and love in a book . ` Too much ' is a matter of opinion , of course , but in my opinion , Tess contains too much . It begins to sound overly-Victorian . One bad , dramatic thing after another takes place , and each occurrence seems forced , as though Hardy pushed it onto the paper to further the development of another bad thing . You could say that this is called * plotting * , but it comes across to me as bad plotting.Remember , this is coming from a person who prefers Edith Wharton and John Dos Passos as their recreational reading . Drama and fiction are all okay in my book , but too much of anything is bad . Hardy needs more moderation , in my opinion . So to finish fairly , I 'll say that Tess of the D'Urbervilles makes a great dramatic Victorian novel with a beautiful tragic message . However , readers like myself , who are frustrated by large amounts of romance , tragedy , and beauty , will agree that two stars is a perfect rating .
 My 1 star rating is due to the fact that Oxford University Press gives away the plot twists and even the shocker ending in the second paragraph of their Introduction . Most of the fun of reading any novel is trying to find out what will happen next . Oxford spoils this by giving it away at the start -LRB- what were they thinking ?!!! -RRB- . If you pick up this edition , just skip the Intro , or read it AFTER the book . Otherwise , Hardy 's novel is a great story with insight into noble character . Hardy gets 5 stars , Oxford U Press gets 1 .
 i cant believe i wasted my time on this . I picked up this book because i naively thought `` Oh ! a book about a girl ! A teenage girl ! I should like this ... a good book with a strong heroine . '' If you want to read an enjoyable story of a girl , read The Witch of Blackbird Pond . Anyways , this is the sort of very sad pathetic story of a girl who falls head over heels in love with a cad . As we girls all know , that has probably happened to each of us . . , and who in their right mind wants to be reminded of that ? And the very sad pathetic thing is she will do absolutely ANYTHING to get back with him . It is very realistic , its her first love ... But if you want to read a story of a girl falling in love with a guy and they live happily ever after-read something else . This is the sort of story that should n't be read . Unless of course , you enjoy being depressed , and not only suffer through horrible relationships like this , but want to read about them too in your spare time . In between heartbreaks . In short , it sucked . period .
 I recommend this book as kindling for a fire . It is the worst book that could have possibly been written . If you want to read this , jump off the nearest bridge or very tall building -LRB- without a parachute -RRB- . That 's probably the most similar experience to reading this book . Thank you , and have a good day .
 Silly , stupid , boring . I had to read it for a project and I was about to faint . Thank God that it was short :-RRB- Do you still wan na read it ? Then good luck ! I hate to say this but belive me you will be sorry for it !
 the story itself is original -LRB- using a common character instead of some nobility -RRB- , but the story just keeps drugging on forever or something . It is a novel , not a prose !! I wonder why the author had to waste bunch of pages expressing the emotions of the heroin ? And I think Tess is terribly idiodic . Why should she continue to love her unforgiving and cruel husband ? Is n't that such a degradation of female saying that they will always be loyal to the man no matter how the men desert them ? So , do not even try to read this book if you have no time .
 This book has been lauded as a great work of English literature . Hardy does indeed capture the English landscape fairly well into his somewhat lengthy , verbose paragraphs . But his plot -LRB- to be frank -RRB- stinks.The moment the reader meets Tess Durbeyfield he or she knows exactly what her fate will be . The book is a ridiculous web of intertwined coincidences which finally succeed not in giving the novel the air of a distinguished and accomplished work , but of a silly contrived plot line filled with poorly developed characters that could easily be crammed into 20 short pages . And the book might be all the better for it.The point is that after I read this book and labored through the hundreds of pages and looked up archaic English phrases and fluffy words that Hardy seemed to fill the pages with , I was struck at how much time I had wasted to learn so little , how disappointing it was to be forced to read so much obsequious symbolism and heinous happenstances.Don ' t read this book unless you have to . It is n't worth your time .
 ... and hate it now . My only revenge for being forced to read Tess as a kid is to write a negative review as an adult . So there , that 's done .
 See subject line . I would never recommend this book , depth and nuance aside . It was at no point pleasant to read . I struggled to finish it .
 I do n't care if it 's a classic . It went nowhere . There was no point . I could not bring myself to care what happened to the characters . It was not an enjoyable read .
 I wanted to know whether my affiliate link , and commission link worked.It did n't ! The book is written in period language , hence I am still in the introductory phase.It is in very small type , which further delays progress .
 I am a Senior at Linville High School . I recently read Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles for my term paper . I chose it because a teacher told me it was very good . I was quite disappointed with the book in general . After reading the description on the back of the book , I inferred that Tess would be confronted with a problem , but being the `` heroine '' she was described as , she would overcome it victoriously . Unfortunately , I was completely wrong . Tess depressed and frustrated me extremely throughout the book . She cowarded down and let people run over her . The only thing that was good was the little surprises inserted every now and then . The whole book depressed me and I would rather not read another book of Hardy 's again .
 This poor character never catches a break , and the writer makes you care for her , deeply . Emotionally draining and depressing
 There are so many T shirt quilt books out now and my friend happened to choose one that has incorrect sewing instructions . Her quilt would have been easier to make with another book . I have several T shirt quilt books that are very good with instructions .
 Well I thought I was getting the student edition , but I got the Instructor 's edition . I guess I 'll have to go back to B&N .
 This book is one of many written during the `` Bubble Era '' by `` gaijin '' -LRB- primarily Americans -RRB- who really knew next to nothing about Japan , yet somehow found a publisher , usually Japanese . Another of this quickie genre published about the same time was a book for teaching profanity to Japanese studying English . `` Learning to Bow '' may by an accurate account of the author 's experience living in Japan and teaching in the JET program . However , that 's all it is . It 's full of cliches , sweeping generalizations , and offers no insight into living in Japan or understanding the culture . What could the writer possibly know after only two years ?
 I was extremely put off by the disrespectful perspective the author used to describe the people that befriended him in a country where he was a guest . Instead of progressing to some enlightenment , the author 's descriptions continued to be universally shallow and derisive . He showed a definite lack of understanding about the ancient culture that he encountered . His prejoritive names for families and coworkers were offensive to me , and I imagine would be highly unkind should they be read by the people who were kind to him and allowed him into their home and their lives.It should be noted that he did attempt to comprehend reasons for some behaviors and practices that seemed counter-productive to the students that he taught . In this way , he may have attempted to break down barriers . However , he reverted to describing people and events in detail to point out what appeared ridiculous to him.Ever hopeful that the author would arrive at some self-awareness and some respect for the culture that received him , I read the book to the end . Unfortunately , the author never changed in his attitude , continuing to prove that he learned little about himself in that year abroad.The result was that he provided the perfect reason why Americans are viewed as arrogant , uneducated and disrespectful of anyone except themselves ... . The author truely revealed himself as the prototype `` Ugly American '' . Do n't waste your time . He never `` Learned to Bow '' .
 I may not a good reviewer because I stopped reading at page 50 but I believe this is not at all a good book to read if you want to learn about Japanese culture . As a Japanese born and raised in Japan I find this book extremely humiliating .
 There were books written about Japan in 1891 that were better than this book was in 1991 . There is no reason to read this book . I 'll just give a brief example here.Chapter 9 is supposed to be about homeroom activities , but it opens by confounding the reader with pages of nonsense on the meaning of classrooms in Japan
 I remember when this book came out , and was a must-read for any American doing business in Japan . I did n't read it then because I 'd spent time in Japan myself , had my own ideas about it , and had many Japanese friends -LRB- Japanese-born and working abroad -RRB- living here in the United States . I figured I had better things to do than read what I suspected were the gosh-gee musings of a southern-born Yale boy , fresh out of college . Well , I just read it recently because I happened to find it lying around here -LRB- my husband 's purchase , way back when -RRB- , and I have discovered that my suspicions were correct . Feiler writes with a poorly disguised superiority , in which the wry amusement and wonder he aims for come across as slightly cranky paternalism . This kind of book works only when the writer -LRB- generally one more mature and less stick-up-the-wazoo than Feiler -RRB- , genuinely loves the people and culture he 's writing about . Or , conversely , when he 's honest about disliking the country and it 's people and he has the writing chops to make such misanthropy funny . Feiler straddles here . Furthermore , his writing is immature and poorly edited . He actually misuses the two-dollar word `` enamored '' , writing `` enamored with '' instead of `` enamored of '' ! In such ways do I judge young writers . If you want to sound like a big ol' Yale man , use a stlylebook and dictionary . Or get a better editor.Don ' t bother with this over-hyped and outdated book .
 There is no one experience that could somehow describe them all . I did n't find the book very interesting , nor would I recommend it as reading for those who are going to go on the JET Programme sometime in the future . In fact , I recommend you read very little of the ` foreigner does Japan ' genre and stick with facts , figures and Japanese language . And basics of English language teaching . Believe me , you will enjoy your 1-3 years in isolation and miscommunication without your head full of pop-anthropological nonsense and you will come to know your full self .
 `` I came to Japan at the invitation of the Japanese Ministry of Education ... '' indeed ! Feiler has a very high opinion of himself . And is n't it a bit inappropriate for a teacher to kiss the hand of a junior high girl , let alone a junior high girl of another culture ? I 've been reading a lot of Japanese non-fiction and travel essays since a recent visit to Japan and so far this book ranks low in terms of enjoyment , educational value and insight because of its pretentious tone .
 While it was maybe more relevant back when it was written there are a few things that have changed . Yes , Sano is now not what I would consider country-side . It is much more grown up , and even has an outlet mall ! And Japan is no longer in the bubble-era , which means that excessive spending has been capped.However , most startling are the things that have n't changed in Japan . The education system has changed little . The main difference being that the students are more used to seeing a foreigner in their school as the JET program and other similar companies have been around for a number of years.I was also surprised at the author 's often ethnocentric views . For someone who says he studied Japanese language -LRB- and one would assume at least a little of the culture from the language lessons -RRB- , he seemed surprisingly ignorant about Japan . It is even more shocking since he says that he studied in Japan for 6 months . I can understand certain moments of disbelief - I still have them after being here for some time - but his lack of cultural understanding was unacceptable . What exactly did he learn in his Japanese classes ? Or was he exaggerating his ability , like he exaggerated many other points in his book ? The way in which he would just confront people , openly , rather than simply accepting the differences , or at least being less confrontational , was mind-boggling . It is n't a bad book , per se , but some of his claims are not substantiated which makes it hard to take him seriously at parts . When read along other accounts it helps to paint a picture of Japan , but it should n't be read on its own .
 I am an easy audience and for the first twenty pages or so , I was really set to enjoy this book.Then I found myself gradually more and more frustrated when Mr. Feiler would stop to explain how some event or peculiar classroom trend he experienced was obviously due to blah blah blah historical or cultural Japanese dynamic ... for pages upon pages . If I wanted to study social complexities , I think I could read Reischauer or someone with ample expertise.He also maintains quite an attitude of American superiority over the absurd Japanese way of doing things . He seems to think himself immune to this , though , because he has learned Japanese . He even goes so far in one chapter to discuss his anxieties about the feasibility of engaging in intimate acts with a Japanese woman due to his highly developed gringo genitalia . He also seemed obsessed with the fact that he was taller than almost all Japanese people . If there is one thing you will learn in this book , it is that Bruce Feiler is 6 ' 4 '' . His light humility is hardly bevievable.Despite the vast network of superiority complexes seen in this specimen , this book is periodically entertaining . However , I think it is not worth your time ,
 I was very disappointed in this book . I have lived in Japan for 6 years -LRB- and still do -RRB- , married and taught on the JET Programme . As a former JET I was disheartened as this book does not paint an accurate picture of life in Japan as a JET . Granted people 's experiences differ from prefecture to prefecture and from school to school , but Learning to Bow 's anecdotes and observations about Japan are far too extreme and at times border on lies . Also the frequent use of sarcasm and satire is not in anyway humorous and portrays the author as `` god 's gift to English teaching '' . For anyone curious about life on the JET Programme , teaching English in Japan or life in Japan in general , I do not recommend this book .
 If I hadnt actually lived in Japan i could see how i could mistake this thing for authoritive , but it amazes me that anyone who has lived out here more than a year could see this as much more than the bag of wind it is . With its pretentious title and lofty quotations of translated haikus , Feiler proves he knows how to make a good impression . The problem is , if you actually read it , you realize he isnt much good at doing anything else.At the time of writing this book , Feiler had been living out here a year as JET highschool teacher -LRB- though he doesnt actually admit to that in so many words - to hear him tell it , he was here on `` special invite from the japanese goverment '' , as if he was some kind of high-ranking diplomat -RRB- . The title -LRB- `` Inside the heart of Japan '' -RRB- and chapter headings -LRB- `` Drinking alone in rural Japan '' , for example -RRB- , suggest that by reading it you 'll gain powerful , poetic realities about this mysterious country . But every chapter left me unsastisfied . He has a habit of starting chapters with an overwritten account of the kind of thing everyone does within a week of being here , and then , when its time to actually say anything , starts quoting press articles off the english language news services wire . If you comb the book carefully to seperate these rote repetitions of facts already freely available from what he actually writes himself , you 'll be left with a very slim and trite account of japan indeed.Its a good thing for the author there are so few books of this type about Japan out there , because if people had more to compare it with they 'd realize how bad it is . Anyone who came out here to teach english for a year and scanned the internet for newspaper articles to quote from for padding could have written this book .
 I can understand how people who have n't lived in Japan could mistake this book as authoritive , but it amazes me that anyone who has lived out here more than a year could see this as much more than the bag of wind it is . With its pretentious title and lofty quotations of translated haikus , Feiler proves he knows how to make a good impression . The problem is , if you actually read it , you realize he is n't much good at doing much else as a writer.Stylistically , this book is an imitation of travel writer Pico Iyer 's `` The Lady and the Monk
 Feiler 's book is entertaining at times and tiresome at others . The entertaining parts are the stories he tells about his experiences ; however , his attempt to analyze Japan sound too much like a regurgitation of other books that purport to introduce Japanese culture.As others have pointed out , the information is quite dated and Japanese high schools have changed greatly . It suffers also from some rather curious translations , which mystify rather than clarify . I 'm not sure I 'd call shiso `` mint '' or edible chrysanthemum `` a bright yellow daisy '' . Even more mysterious is how he manages to translate `` higaisha '' as `` one who receives pressure '' when the characters literally mean `` receiving injury person '' . A much better translation is `` victim '' , and in fact Japan 's `` victim consciousness '' is an important theme in how they understand WWII . James Orr 's book `` Victim as Hero '' explores this theme carefully.If you 're interested in finding out about Japanese culture , read something by a trained anthropologist . If you 're interested in someone 's experiences in Japan in the late 1980s then parts of this book will serve you well .
 Many of the previous reviews have pointed out Mr Feller 's haughty condescension but what really makes his book a drag is how breathtakingly boring it is . Naked with other men in a hot spring bath ? Good gracious me ! As another reviewer pointed out , anybody who comes to Japan will experience virtually everything in this book in the first week ; what that other reviewer failed to mention is that nobody else will decide to write a tedious book about it all . Filled with shallow ` insights ' and yawn-inducing ` adventures ' , Feller 's book is a soporific account of a dull year as lived by a dull individual who managed , somehow , to con a publisher into releasing this dull book . The fact that it 's still in print boggles the mind.If you 're interested in a good read on Japan look for either of Alan Booth 's books -LRB- Looking For The Lost & The Roads To Sata -RRB- , John Morley 's Pictures From The Water Trade , Will Ferguson 's Hokkaido Highway Blues , or anything by Lafcadio Hearn . All of those authors deliver . Mr Feller 's book might be useful for chronic insomniacs but everybody else should steer well clear .
 Man Kzin Wars IX has four stories . The lead story by Poul Anderson is OLD , a repeat from another in the series . However , neither the Amazon entry nor the book itself make note of this ; the publisher 's dishonesty here is a real shame . The other three stories vary in quality , but at least two are good enough for this to be worthwhile in paperback next year.The one star rating reflects my poor opinion of repeated material with no warning . It probably would rate 3 stars otherwise . BTW , I am an old Niven fan , have read all his SF multiple times , and have read all of the Man-Kzin series.Amazon 's automated machinery , or a hurried employee , has mixed in a bunch of reviews here that apply to other books in the series . It 's too bad , but I 've seem them mix up numbered series before . -LRB- See World Radio TV Handbook which is an annual series ; they were selling the 2000 edition at a small discount to those who bought the 2002 edition ! -RRB-
 Man Kzin Wars IX has four stories . The lead story by Poul Anderson is OLD , a repeat from another in the series . However , neither the Amazon entry nor the book itself make note of this ; the publisher 's dishonesty here is a real shame . The other three stories vary in quality , but at least two are good enough for this to be worthwhile in paperback next year.The one star rating reflects my poor opinion of repeated material with no warning . It probably would rate 3 stars otherwise . BTW , I am an old Niven fan , have read all his SF multiple times , and have read all of the Man-Kzin series.Amazon 's automated machinery , or a hurried employee , has mixed in a bunch of reviews here that apply to other books in the series . It 's too bad , but I 've seem them mix up numbered series before . -LRB- See World Radio TV Handbook which is an annual series ; they were selling the 2000 edition at a small discount to those who bought the 2002 edition ! -RRB-
 Although Poul Anderson is not a typically a particularly bad writer , most of the prose in his portion of the book `` Pele '' is so bad as to be laughable . `` Tyra had more and more enjoyed her voyage , until near the end . '' and `` The last weekly dance of the trip became an especially gleeful occasion . '' I did n't even have to look very hard to come up with these gems . `` Memory stabbed her again . '' Ha!It 's almost as if it English was the author 's second language.If you like authors that torture the English language you 'll love this book .
 After a long hiatus from the Man-Kzin wars , I purchased the Man-Kzin Wars IX . The stories in M-K Wars IX were average at best . Of the 4 stories , the murder mystery was my favorite . The story about the crippled Kzin 's last stand started well but deteriorated into a long-winded mutual admiration fest between the antagonists during the battle for Wunderland 's liberation . It made as much sense as the Russians negotiating with and praising the positive qualities of the bunkered Germans during the battle for Berlin . The last story needed a good editor to clean it up , especially the beginning , and make it more coherent . IMO , this book is not worth buying and inferior to its predecessors .
 I bought this book because of the reviews and am shocked at how one can become an author by simply stealing life experiences and stories from other peoples lives . I felt the book was shallow and was perfect for people who could n't think for themselves . Any human being with half a brain can see through the empty content of this book .
 This is one of the worst books ever . It tries to capitalize on the Chicken Soup for the Soul-type , void of any substance stories . This was not written by the author and takes advantage of people around her by publishing stories from them . With no new insight , Samira , a strictly amateur writer , does n't contribute anything . Fortunately , it 's by a vanity publisher and the only people who buy it are her friends -LRB- who posted here from `` Grand Blanc '' and `` Michigan '' because Samira asked them to -RRB- and a few people who found it online . Please people , avoid this book , buy something that will be worth your time and money .
 This is the only official history of the giant utility that serves most of northern and central California . Written in 1950 , when the company -LRB- and its official biographer -RRB- were heedless of the changes that the future held in store for the energy industry overall -LRB- and utilities in particular -RRB- as well as for the end of unbridled growth and development in the state of California . Coleman is a real booster for PG&E . If you want the PR line , from the generation that build the company between 1930 and the 1950 , this is the reference book you want .
 This book is terrible . The writing is terrible , the art is terrible -LRB- obviously terrible , too
 This book is a continuation of Shore Lights , and follows the same characters as they now prepare for the wedding of Maddy DiFalco and Aiden O'Malley . I 'm not sure why this book was necessary , because it did n't further the relationship , did n't end with the wedding , and was filled with family squabbles and bickering . I ` think ' Bretton is setting us up for a story about Claire and her own love life , but I do n't think it 'd be very interesting based upon her character in this book . The story contained a lot of in-fighting between family members , lots of bad blood between relations and future relations , and turned a great character -LRB- Kelly O'Malley -RRB- into a bad one for the sake of the storyline . Actually , the story was quite dependant upon Kelly and her life to propel the action . I would n't recommend this book - it 's a family drama with no romance . No romance , no sincere story , and a lot of drivel .
 This is a fairly short book , and can be read in one or two sittings . It is very easy to read , and sort of enjoyable . On the down side , this author spends too much time trying to vilify Plato and Aristotle , resorting to a very unlikely idea that they conspired to bury Parmenides ' ideas , and/or make it look like Plato was his true heir , rather than Zeno . As other reviewers of this book have pointed out , they would have had no motive to do so . Since this book is so short and easy , what the author could have done is spend a lot more time supporting his ideas rather than just stating them as fact without convincing evidence . Or better yet , he could have chosen to just focus on the mystical importance of Parmenides ' writings and just avoid the conspiracy theory and trying to rewrite history altogether . This is where I have the most sympathy for the author
 What we have here is an academic paper puffed into a book.If one has the patience to wade through his tedious repetitions , condescensions , ax grinding , and self-congratulations , one is rewarded with the glimmer of a new idea . But that idea , recedes mirage-like , ever into the horizon . I do n't know how I ever made it through.It 's disappointing that Kingsley fails to locate his work within the context of Ganzfeld parapsychology , or even of Sumer , the source culture of the ancients . I was amused to find that despite what he believes to be his breakthrough insights , he is ignored by other scholars.Nice try , Peter , but you owe us much better . Next time , at the very least , give us a useful table of contents , a readable list of references , and an index .
 A tiresome meander through bits & pieces of ancient history and philosophy to try to prove , once again , that there is a great effort to keep humans from realizing their potential and the secret wisdom that was revealed in former times . Dull , pedantic and unfocused .
 After so many positive reviews I was excited to get and read this book . I have to say I 'm disappointed . Firstly , it feels like the tone and approach Kingsley uses is geared towards children or teenagers ; it 's strange . Frankly , I do n't like his use of the English language , I find it stilted . I kept thinking -- get to the point , man.He 's trying to do a couple of things at once , so far as I could see
 Kingsley 's main point , if he has one , seems to be that logical reasoning is an inadequate instrument for grasping the metaphysical ambiguities of the world.His book applies that thesis with admirable consistency
 I read this book and concluded that I am angry at myself for having read it . Pilots like to read about accidents hoping to study a case and avoid the same mistakes . After wasting your time with worthless and mediocre family stories and the well known government incompetence , you end up with the empty conclusion that a good pilot , in good health , all current and confident ditched in the stormy ocean at night and disappeared . None of the worthless stories or ILS text in this book provides any conclusion or lesson to be learned . A line from Billy Madison comes to mind
 I was sorely disappointed . This book looks like it was printed in a home officer before the days of capable desktop publishing . I just do n't understand how such an interesting topic could be reduced to such a terrible book , but it is . Main problems with the book
 Regrettably I did not review this book thoroughly before buying it . If you believe flying dinosuars still exist in Texas , Jews settled thousands of years ago in Florida and Van Daniken is a scientist then this book ought to be right down your alley . The book is written with a rambling style similar to the apparently mindless wandering of the author . He speculates about things that are far beyond the borders of reason into worlds as mystical as the religions of those he portrays.Spinkled among this piffle is a series of semi-sound observations ... just enough to lead you to think the author has some expertise on the subject . Far from it . Each sites origin is distorted beyond any recognition by the most casual but serious archeologist . Hoax articles in papers are given equal consideration to any evidence , no matter that much of that evidence is sparse . The most perplexing mysteries are left with some speculative conjecture and absolutely no support for it . A tale told by an idiot and full of sound and fury but signifying nothing.It is all bunkum and a waste of my money .
 I was looking forward to an entertaining account of eccentric archaeological theories , but was unprepared for this disorganized 586-page ramble through North America , from Costa Rica to Canada . The author visits numerous prehistoric sites that -LRB- to him , anyway -RRB- challenge the current academic orthodoxy . The book is more ego trip than road trip , however , as the author writes in pointless mind-numbing detail of how he travels , where he stays , what he eats , and long verbatim conversations he has with chance acquaintances over beers . In the hands of a better writer this might be interesting , but although Childress is an intrepid traveler , he is only a poor-to-middling writer . The book screams for a stern editor to trim the self-indulgent detail down to something readable , and to improve some of his awkward writing . I must confess that I could n't read the whole thing
 I bought this book thinking that I would learn something or at least be given food for thought . What I got is a bad travelogue full of inane information about restaurants where the author ate , people he met , what he wore . There is nothing there for a serious or even amateur scholar . Just junk .
 A few years ago I read On the Road and was surprised to find that I largely hated it . Kerouac ably described the travelling spirit , but there seemed little else to recommend
 In my nearly forty years of life , I have never left a book unfinished.Then I encountered `` The Dharma Bums '' . I picked up this book hoping for the entertaining and enlightening event that most of the other reviewers had found . Instead , all I got after slogging through nearly eighty pages of Kerouac 's rambling and grammatically nightmarish prose , was a headache and the gnawing sensation that I 'd been conned.In all honesty , I do n't `` get '' it . Why all the fuss ? While I understand the historical significance of Kerouac and this book -LRB- along with `` On The Road '' -RRB- to the counter-culture `` Beat '' movement of the fifties , it simply did n't connect.The snippets of `` Zen '' wisdom were very rudimentary and the plot was non-existent . But it was the meandering writing style that made this book an absolutely miserable experience for me.Perhaps when this book was first published it was a revolutionary piece of literature . Maybe it inspired a whole generation of repressed `` Leave It To Beaver '' Americans to hop a boxcar and explore the world while exploring their own identities . But it just seemed crude and archaic to me .
 I 've read `` On The Road '' three times over the last six years . It is , in my opinion , a masterpiece . Having said that I decided to get `` Dharma Bums '' and I did not care for most of the book as I am not into Buddha and zen . Only once in a while a glimmer of the fun of `` On The Road '' seeped in , but not enough.I also did not like the supporting characters as I did in `` On The Road . `` This book was pushed by many people as Kerouac 's second best . I found it to be uninteresting and probably should not pursue any other of his books if this was considered `` his second best . ''
 I do n't know , but I did n't get this book . I tried . I wanted to . But ... I do n't see what the big deal is . My suspicion is , as I hinted above in my jerky little title , people hail this book because they think it makes them somehow elite and cool to proclaim a kinship to it . I think that 's the key to the `` popularity '' of a lot of art , a lot of music , a lot of literature extolled by subcultures within the masses . They are bolstered by an illusion of affinity for what they secretly do not embrace . In the case of this book , at times Kerouac 's prose was lovely and at other times it rambled until I had no idea what he was going on about . The concept of The Dharma Bums is exciting and if even a fraction of those who claim this novel awakened something spiritual inside them are being honest , then I respect its impact on them , but ... I did n't connect with the Beat vocabulary , with the story here , or the fact that since it 's probably as much invention as autobiography , it validly inspires aspirations of real life imitation . But then again -LRB- as I 'm sure so many reading this will gleefully agree -RRB- what do I know ?
 This is Jack jumping into the Budda scene . Good if you feel like you need a Zen fix , and his observations on how to aspire to happiness are actually quite good too .
 My review is not focused on the content of The Dharma Bums as much as the production of the book itself . Let it be known this is one of my favorite books of all time and I consider it Kerouac 's best . My issue is with the publisher , Penguin , who has simply revamped its `` Penguin Classic '' edition with Ann Douglas 's intro to make a Hardcover . Yes , Douglas 's intro is excellent , but the only difference with this new Hardcover 50th Anniversary Edition is that is has 2 or 3 pages of a letter in which Henry Miller writes about The Dharma Bums . For me who is a bibliofile . I do n't want a cheap quality cardboard book . I used to work for an Univ. . Press and know about production options . Penquin basically chose the cheapest . Every single copy in 3 bookstores were banged up . You might say this is n't the publisher 's fault , but it is because they did n't make a quality product that could stand even being stacked on a shelf , imagine opening it and reading it . People who want a 50th Anniversary edition want something special because it has a special meaning to them , if not buy the paperback . So I guess that 's what I suggest . The Penguin Classic edition has new artwork , quality paper and the same intro , without the high price . I wish Penguin would follow Knopf 's example and do beautiful books like those in their Everyman 's Library Series .
 Not as advertised . These copies are remaindered and are marked on the bottom as such with a felt-tip line . I had purchased this as a gift but was unable to give it due to the remaindered marking . The online information about these books fail to mention their remaindered status .
 ... I just could n't get into this book . It 's a beat classic , so I hear , and it 's about traveling and living free and enjoying life on lots of levels . From the descriptions and glowing reviews , I figured I should have loved it . I even read it while I was traveling up the US/Canadian west coast , and I grew up familiar with many of the areas mentioned in the book . In spite of all that , I did n't like it at all . For one thing , it 's full of these obscure Buddhist terms and concepts , and although religion is sort of a hobby of mine , I did n't know enough to make sense of all the boddishatva-dropping , and the writing was n't good enough to make up for that . I guess I just do n't like it when the narrator introduces dialogue with `` sez I. ''
 Ok . Let 's talk like ordinary people . If you are someone who has to buy a new TV unless you have one , only because the TV is more modern this is your book . If you 've read `` ON THE ROAD '' , maybe you 'll want read something diferent . This is the same book , the same drama , the same wasted money . Can this book change your life ?? Yes , but also a stone at high speed could do it also and in less time . Ally McBeal or a Backstreet boys song have more message than this book .
 As of this review , the Kindle edition cost $ 12.99 and the paperback cost $ 10.88 - or over $ 2 more expensive for a digital version that actually saves the publisher money . I actually enjoy Dharma Bums , but Penguin should be absolutely ashamed of themselves for this . I wanted to reread this on my Kindle , but Penguin has decided to screw the readers who keep its business afloat . I 'll be sure to keep this in mind for future purchases.Also , for those who will bash my review , the cost of the book is an essential to the value proposition of a book . There are constant bad reviews for publishers that break up short story collection and sell them individually for the price of an individual book . This is no different . Penguin wants me to spend nearly $ 300 for a Kindle and a case so that they can charge me more for books , all while they save money on production costs ??? You 've got to be joking !
 I tried to give Kerouac a chance to revive himself after reading his most notable mess ` On the Road . ' Now I 'm thoroughly confused as to why he 's so popular .
 Maybe I am not as enlightened as all of you , but I do n't think this book is all that great . Kerouac is often completely incoherent . Much of what is said is nonsense . Further more I do n't understand why everyone wants to be a Dharma Bum , they are nothing but leaches living off what others earn . It is a decent read , especially the mountain climbing scene , but not as great as some make it out to be , definitely not life changing .
 One might expect an interesting , down-to-earth account of one poet 's buddhist discoveries and spiritual growth , but this was n't done right
 Jack Kerovac 's The Dharma Bums was reveiwed ... as `` Kerovac living his dream as a zen lunatic and rucksack wanderer on the fabled golden shores of west coAast America '' I , however , think the book was poorly detailed and jumped from ideas much too quickly.The story was structured as a blog or diary of two wandering bums who basically lived the life of poverty and `` mooching '' off other people who were their ` friends ' . Kerovac 's ` friends ' were people who were met at poetry ` slams ' . They do nothing outside of drinking , reading poetry , mooching off of people and having sex . Any bum off the street could have submitted a journal to a publishing company and it would have the same affect on the reader.I would not reccomend this book to anyone . It was random rambling about nothing . If you like books that tell and interesting story and have charachters you can connect in a personal way to , then The Dharma Bums is not for you . But , if you like random blurts of stupidity , you will love this book .
 I found Dharma Bums suprising . I thought On the Road was one of the most rambling , self-indulgent books that I 've ever read , but I realized that Dharma Bums is even more so . The book reminded me how the degeneration of American intellectual life began with the Beats who , at least when they were in the ' 50 's , were self-rightous and shallow , not to mention drunk womanizers , an odd trait for devout Buddhists . This book is a cultural artifact from the Beat era , but not a book to add to one 's must-read list . Life is short . Read better .
 Had to offset the praise handed down by so many people for Karourac 's writings . Very overrated as a writer . This book is filled with the resemblance of substance , but has nothing in it . It is a contradiction of itself .
 OK , I know this is a beat classic , and it was written by Jack Kerouac the patron saint of beat literature . But I got ta say this novel was pretty damn boring.Dhama Bums is another semi-fictional novel based on real events that occurred in Kerouac 's life after the events described in On the Road . It 's about Kerouac 's search for a simple life and Zen Buddhism . The premise sounds interesting enough , but for me it just did n't have anything to offer.I once described Kerouac 's classic On The Road as being like an episode of Seinfeld , a show about nothing . Despite the rather non complimentary comparison I thought that novel was very good and I highly recommended it.Dharma Bums was another meandering novel where nothing really happens . I guess one meandering trip for me was enough . As far learning anything about Buddhism through the novel , my guess is that you would learn more from a real Buddhist like the Dalai Lama than a wannabee like Kerouac .
 Not much dharma going on here . But lots of bum . In fact , I 'm totally bummed out finishing this novel because now I feel very uncool to not be enamoured with this bible of the beat generation but I , just , do n't , get , it . So much rambling ! Excruciatingly long sentences perfunctorily reporting things as they happen in the style of ` then he said this and then I picked that up and then she went outside ... ' -LSB- Insert yawn here -RSB- . There are glimpses of good authorship in some parts of the novel but for the most part it is unbelievably boring with a monotonic narrator 's voice that had me re-discovering my speed-reading skills just to finish the thing . Disappointing because I love a good story and I love Eastern philosophy but this is neither . Unless you 're an impressionable teenager who thinks bumming around is cool and everything your friends think is cool , and anything indie is cool , forget it .
 I 'm amazed at how many people find the Dharma Bums worth reading . It 's Kerouac at his flattest . The sentences lack his usual energy and lyrical beauty , there is virtually no action and the Buddhist philosophy feels pasted on and contrived . This is definitely not a Kerouac book to recommend . Readers would to better to pick up a copy of Desolation Angels or -LRB- excepting the 140 pages of transcribed conversation in the middle -RRB- Visions of Cody . If you 've already read lots of Kerouac and you want to move on to a modern counterpart , pick up Vincent Czyz 's Adrift in a Vanishing City ... lyrical , experimental , hot-house writing that takes a quick-talkin drifter out of his native Kansas as far afield as Berlin , Mexico City and Paris . And through it all , he never loses his vernacular , even when waxin metaphysical . You might also try sliding over to Henry Miller ... not Tropic of Cancer , which is his most popular , but Sexus , which is far better written .
 The operative word from the title is `` bums '' . This is a book about them and their self indulgent , self righteous idleness . A work with no redeeming features .
 Uninteresting and boring , the story accomplishes nothing from start to finish . Save your time and money and dont bother with this book .
 There 's no question on the importance of Hodge 's book . But this $ 3 Kindle edition is simply scanned with OCR and is almost worthless . It would have been far easier to read it in simple image form .
 My negative comments have nothing to do with the content as Hodge wrote it , which is excellent . But the quality of the Kindle edition is very poor . The OCR scan has resulted in unintelligible words in almost every paragraph , and the lack of links in the table of contents severely limits the usefulness as a reference source . It 's not completely useless ; in general I can find what I 'm looking for and make sense out of the text . So for 99 cents I suppose I 'm getting my money 's worth . But an edition of better quality would be most welcome .
 Very disappointed . The book is a great work , but there are so many unreadable words in the Kindle e-book edition that after a few pages of frustration , you finally give up trying . This product should either be taken off the availablity or corrected for errors so it becomes readable .
 This kindle version is not worth the money , even if very cheap . It is a poor uncorrected ocr scan . It is unreadable and unusable . Find a cleaner edition . This is a rip-off .
 Bazyn 's next project should be a ransom note . This was a collection of quotes taken from other writers , pieced together , and presented as a book . I do n't think there was a single paragraph that did not have a quote . It is one thing to use quotes to support your work , or to provide examples . It is entirely different , and unacceptable , for an author to use quotes to make all of the author 's points.Good premise . Poor product . Disappointing .
 There is only a brief introduction to the images and the period this coloring book covers . That was one star off . However , we do need to keep in mind that this is supposed to be a coloring book , target audience probably children though frankly I know many adults who adore these sorts of books . The images however not simple black and white lines drawings but have shading and that interfers with coloring . Also many of the images are `` blurry '' or so details that I do n't think it is much fun to color . But it could be a cool reference for clip art or examples of the gothic style .
 Almost useless as a true coloring book due to the heavily inked in gothic designs . Some of the designs are highly detailed and intricate , yet totally useless because most of it is inked in already . The entire book consists of gothic clip art style 1875 ink-plate repros of gothic pillars , gothic crown molding , etc. . The images are printed back to back on quality white stock paper , however , markers bleed through . NO limited recopy rights at all , not even for our own use . Not even just to recopy so we can use markers . The price does not justify the product at all.This is not a Dover Publication , it was published by Stemmer House Publishers . Best to stick with Dover , at least with Dover you know you 're getting top quality in all aspects .
 I adored these books growing up and the publishers should be ashamed of themselves for changing exactly what made them classics . I would have forgotten about them years ago if it were n't for the haunting illustrations . I took them camping , to slumber parties , they were fantastic and terrifying
 Do n't waste your time or money . Buck up and spend the extra for an original Stephen Gammell illustrated version . If you 're buying it for a kid who may in fact be a total wiener , then by all means get this one . But then , why are you buying the little wiener horror stories?Stephen Gammell 's version will help develop a child 's hippocampus and exercise their innate terror response . This one is lame .
 Half , maybe a bit more than half , of the fun and uniqueness of this wonderful collection was the awesome terrifying artwork ... If it still had the old artwork I would definitely buy this for my future children ... but alas , it has been replaced by generic boring illustrations similar to every other book ... I am 20 now , but these amazing stories along with the scary artwork will always be in my memory and I remember them very fondly . they did not scar my memory or scare me to insanity . They sure were scary but not enough to completely get rid of them ! I will never buy this version . I 'd rather pay for a used copy of the older better version but never this one ... I am kind of heartbroken they got rid of it as it was so perfect the way it was . The parents who complained about the old artwork should be ashamed .
 This is just abysmal ... Taking what was THE definitive horror trilogy for the 90s and changing the artwork because tightwad parents disapproved . Do n't let your kids read the books if you do n't like them , but ruining it for EVERY kid born after 2000 ? What a sign of the times ... Family Guy/American Dad in the Simpsons spot , Twilight saga in the X-Files spot , Hunger Games sweeping Battle Royale under the rug , and now this ...
 I was extremely disappointed when I found out about a reprinting of Scary Stories with a new illustrator . Like many adults I grew up reading these books by myself and with friends . The best part of reading these stories was turning the page to see what sick illustration was next . They creeped you out and I know I am not alone when I say that as an adult , they still creep me out . That 's what is so fun about them to this day . I lament that this generation of readers will read a version of Scary Stories with watered down illustrations because uptight and squeamish parents have tried to ban these books from libraries . I have the originals and I will keep them for posterity .
 I 'm sure the editors at HarperCollins thought by changing the powerful -LRB- and controversial -RRB- imagery of this book , they 'd sell more copies . Nothing like compromising art and expression to sell out .1 / 5 stars for this homogenized shadow of the original book .
 PLEASE READ!This collection of folklore is absolutely wonderful . Alvin Schwartz writes in a style that is both easy to read and has a lasting effect that tells the story in a unique way for readers of all ages.But ... I am VERY disappointed in the artwork . I have the original copies that were printed in the early 90 's with illustrations by Steven Gammell . If you wish to see a some examples of his works , here are some links :[ ... -RSB- I 'm not knocking Brett Helquist ; his style is well suited for `` Series of Unfortunate Events '' but not Alvin Schwartz ' `` Scary Stories '' collection . Some reviewers wrote that this collection was not scary at all ; I beg to differ ... The reason the stories are scary is because of the ART ! There 's the overused saying , `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ... that sums up Steven Gammell . I first read these books in third grade and they stuck with me ever since , simply because of the terribly gruesome and disturbing imagery . The stories by themselves are uninteresting and honestly , Brett Helquist 's illustrations do not give this book series justice whatsoever !! I also realize that the older copies that have Steven Gammell 's illustrations are hard to find here on Amazon . This saddens me ... If you happen to find the originals , PLEASE buy them . You wo n't regret it.See for yourself . You make the judgement call .
 Without Stephen Gammell 's artwork , these are pretty close to worthless.Why would they EVER replace the original , incredible artwork ? The reality is , Harper Collins , that Stephen Gammell 's artwork MADE these classics.The artwork now is unoriginal , not the least bit frightening -LRB- or artful -RRB- , and does nothing to complement the stories.Huge mistake . Someone should be fired . At least five people should be fired ... and blacklisted.This is an atrocity.Prospective buyers
 How dare they censor the original ?? The Stephen Gammel illustrations were incredible ! The art was what made these books great ! The writing is still good , but the new drawings are just nowhere near as good as the old ones ! Skip this one and buy the old version -LRB- s -RRB- !!
 Alvin Schwartz 's stories always played second fiddle to Stephen Gammell 's art . Without it , this book is not worth anyone 's time or money . Avoid it and seek the originals .
 Shame on Harper Collins for re-releasing these books without Stephen Gammell 's artwork ! These `` new '' drawings are awful and ridiculous . Buy The Scary Stories Treasury instead , as it has all the original books intact .
 This version does not include the gruesome illustrations of the original that still haunt me every once in a while . The book has been controversial because of the uncensored gore and terrifying images . This version is compromised fluffy camping-trip stories .
 As another child who was scarred by the terrifying art style in the original books , I was extremely excited to hear about the re-release of these classic stories . The books arrived today ; lo and behold the original art has been replaced with bland , uninteresting art that would be better suited in an R.L. Stine novel.A wasted purchase ...
 Because I remember loving and being absolutely terrified at these books when I was a kid , I recently purchased all 3 and just received them today . To my horror -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- I found that they 've published them with a DIFFERENT ILLUSTRATOR ! With all due respect to Mr. Helmquist -LRB- the new guy -RRB- and certainly to Mr. Schwartz -LRB- the original author -RRB- , these books were made for me by the art of Stephen Gammell . I 'm sure they did this because so many parents tried to get the books banned in their day because of the ghastly drawings , but this is really a tragedy . I would suggest looking elsewhere for original copies of the books as they should be seen . Do n't buy them here - you 'll be missing out on part of what made these books so wonderful in the first place .
 This may be an awesome book for children who are not too sensitve and love to be scared . However , for the more senitive child , it can be very disturbing . A teacher read some of the stories to my 4th grader 's class months ago and he is still having trouble sleeping . The pictures are what has bothered him the most . He ca n't seem to get them off his mind . So , be selective about with whom you share this book . You may have some unhappy parents if you choose to read it to a group .
 This is being written mostly in protest of the re-print . The stories in these series were always a little dull . But the art , the art was fantastic , and now they 've taken it away . I dont have my old copies any more and now the old books are going for outrageous sums . I wanted to get these books for my kids someday -- not any more .
 Did the National Socialists require censorship here or something ? The new artwork is n't even scary ... WTF You 've ruined a classic . No one buy this BS .
 This is n't the original art for these books . They hired a cheap hack to make the illustrations `` less scary '' . The original had a better artist and better illustration . Dont waste your time on this pussified version .
 The original books contained haunting , even downright frightening illustrations that still disturb me to this day . They made these stories scary . They were original , artistic , beautiful and downright horrifying , and have been replaced by bland , boring , and shamefully dull . If you want something that will scare you , find a copy of this book with the original artwork by Stephen Gammel .
 Many of us remember being on a wait list at school or at our community libraries to borrow these horrifying gems . Yes , the stories themselves were spooky . Seeing some of our local folklore in print just added to the eerieness . The most important contributor to the scare-factor was the incredibly grotesque pieces of art that accompanied each story . This reprint features a new , popular artist ; however , the illustrations do n't have that same terror-inducing quality as before.For me , I think the reason is that there was a lot of mystery in Gammell 's work , while Helquist 's just does n't leave anything to the imagination . In Gammell 's work the picture is set up so that it is happening TO YOU . In Helquist 's work , the perspective is such that you can see it happening to the characters . Just does n't do it for me . You can google the images or check blogs to see for yourself .
 First off , I must say that I used to read these books when I was younger -LRB- even though I 'm still a kid -RRB- . And the stories in this book are the original great stories , but the ILLUSTRATIONS the best part of the original version , have been CHANGED . That really sucks because the new pictures are so watered down they are n't scary anymore . The new title should be Not Scary Stories to Tell in the dark .
 I grew up on these books and the biggest part of their allure and charm was the nightmarish and frightening artwork by Stephen Gammell . I am EXTREMELY disappointed that they are being re-drawn with a washed out and flowered up style . Please take my advice and buy the original , it is definitely worth it , I promise . I think it is sad that some children will never know the original drawings because parents are too uptight and make a big fuss about them . Too sad . They are SUPPOSED to be scary , you know ?
 As a child I would stare at the Gammell 's illustrations while re-reading each story over and over . The illustrations made this book much more imaginative and influential in my opinion . The new illustrations do not do this beloved set justice . I am extremely disappointed to find out that the original is out of print . Do n't buy this for yourself or your kid . I loved these books so much when I was a kid , that I am actually going to write a letter -LRB- ON PAPER ! with a stamp !! -RRB- to Harper Collins telling them about the role that crazy art had on my imagination and development as a creative person . Jeez . Absolutely terrible , the new illustrator must have no dignity to ruin this .
 Reading these books left a huge impression on me as a child . The tales were scary , but the original artwork was what was truly horrifying . I loved these books and was looking forward to sharing them with my children when they are old enough to terrorize.It 's inexplicable that the publishers would ruin this series by changing what give it its power . Terrible mistake .
 Please do not buy this new edition of Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark . The publishers have completely replaced the original dark , beautiful and terrifying artwork for pictures that are clean , kid friendly and safe . They have destroyed what made this collection truly special .
 I did not like this book because it was not like a complete story . It just had little mini stories in it . I also did not like it because some of the authors who wrote the stories did not finish them . One more reason is there are a lot of pages , but it is not hard so it makes it too easy to read.The book Scary Stories is a book filled with about 10 different stories . It is very scary andit just makes you want to scream ! This book will scare its reader half to death.The type of reader that would like this book is maybe someone who watches a lot of horror movies . The reason is because it really scares you . The reader would also have a strong stomach because it is a gross book .
 I first found this book when i was little -- and yeah , then it scared me more . I found it recently in barns and nobles , and wanted to buy it to re read it . Big mistake.This book is more hysterical than scary to me . I did n't even feel a little scared . Big disappointment for me . my advice ? read it when you are younger , it might acutally be scary then .
 To echo the sentiments of other reviewers , the orginal macabre illustrations were what made these books ! , My highschool age son ca n't recall any of the stories but still talks about the `` super creepy '' pictures . Political correctness run amuck is the only explaination for the watering down of the imagery into something bland and banal . I truly hope the publisher reads these reviews if only to realize what a ridiculous decision changing the artwork was .
 Any storyteller can tell you that there 's little point in telling scary stories without proper atmosphere . Scary stories are told at night around campfires or in darkness lit only by a single flashlight . When reading this book of folktales , you lose the advantage of total darkness and the timing and tone of a storyteller 's voice . What made up for the lack were the strange and frightening illustrations of Stephen Gammell . This edition of the book replaces those with far tamer illustrations . Reading it now is akin to telling a scary story while sitting poolside at noon with all your buddies , there 's very little impact or involvement for the reader.I hope someday that Harper Collins will bring back the illustrations that truly made these stories scary , but until then I can not recommend this edition .
 Re-releasing this series with a new illustrator was a terrible idea and , frankly , completely missing the point of the originals . The stories themselves are a collection of sleepover tales and urban legends which , when taken alone , are n't particularly frightening . For those of us who enjoy this series , it was the original illustrations from the twisted mind of Stephen Gammell that made these `` Scary Stories '' truly scary ; without them , the book is laughable . Helquist may be a talented enough artist , but he ca n't hope to duplicate the underlying terror of Gammell 's illustrations .
 I love Brett Helquist . His illustrations for A Series of Unfortunate Events , for example , are wonderful . However , his work does not belong here . Stephen Gammell 's illustrations are really what made these books the classics that they are -LRB- no offense meant to Alvin Shwartz -RRB- . I will be looking for copies with the proper illustrations as soon as I can find them .
 Beware , any of you who have fond memories of this book from when you were a child . Most of you remember sitting down in some darkened corner of the library , daring yourself to turn the page and see what horrors awaited you . Most of you peeked a little at the illustrations through your fingers and felt that rush of meeting your worst nightmare.To this day , the truly special part of Schwartz 's `` Scary Stories '' series has not been the tales , but the wonderful , horrifying illustrations by Gammell . Schwartz 's collection , while he put obvious effort into retelling these stories for a children 's audience , can not by themselves evoke a feeling of dread or horror . If anything , they are comic horror , often ending in a punchline . If anything , the stories are a good introduction for black humor for children . But this is not what makes a classic.This means that the reason this book has survived and been wildly popular for so many years is probably not its stories , but something else . As many reviews have pointed out , that something is those Gammell illustrations . The rotting corpses . The shambling undead . Even the smiling , friendly `` viper , '' who is actually pretty benign in the story , but has something ... sinister nonetheless . Gammell 's illustrations are so horrifying , that when I read this as a child , I could not help but imagine them ... animated and moving around . In my nightmares . The best nightmares that make you love that feeling of being scared.But , as everyone knows , the only reason people have nostalgia is because they want to see something new . N0obody passes anything down to their kids , because the new versions are always better . Fond memories are made even better by completely replacing them with something more modern.EXCEPT THAT 'S THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT PEOPLE WANT . I hunt down the same editions of Sweet Valley High and Nancy Drew that I remember from when I was a kid . I treasure the old bindings on my mother 's passed-down copies of Winnie-The-Pooh with the Shephard illustrations , as I am sure those who grew up with the Disney Pooh have transferred that love to their children . So why on earth would a publisher change these wonderful illustrations for ones that , while technically very good , fit more in line with the budget-Victorian-horror craze of `` show everything exactly as it is happening in one scene , and leave nothing to the imagination , and do n't make it gross or anything '' ? Even worse , why would they change something so iconic about the childhood horror experience in the 1980s and then continue to call it a `` classic '' ? And why would they change these illustrations when children are even more eager for strong visuals than they were in my time ? I can not imagine a single logical line of reasoning for this decision.You 're better off hunting down used copies with the Gammell illustrations . These new illustrations take all of the impact out of the stories too , and this book as it now stands will not inspire a love of the macabre in any child . Now , it 's utterly forgettable like any other dusty book of tall tales on the library shelf , and that makes me sad . Scary Stories dared children to confront the emotion of fear itself . Had it been left alone and simply reissued , today it would be a wonderful antidote to widespread coddling and the sterility of so much of modern children 's publishing -LRB- Harry Potter and Lemony Snicket being two wonderful exceptions -RRB- .
 It 's great to see this in print again , but I was aghast when I opened it to find the original Stephen Gammel illustrations missing . Most of my friends read these books as children , and we all remembered the delightfully creepy illustrations long after we had forgotten the stories themselves . Gammel 's artwork often broke the fourth wall and put the reader right into the story , so that YOU were walking down a lonely road beside a shadowing figure , and the skeletal haunt was coming straight at YOU . Brett Helquist is an excellent artist , and his drawings are nice , but they are simply ordinary illustrations . This new edition of Scary Stories is just that , ordinary . Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is no longer an iconic book that will always , always be checked out of the school library and remembered for decades by every young reader . It will no longer lead to a lifelong appreciation for certain genres of artwork . It 's just a regular book of ghost stories that can easily forgotten as soon as the last page is turned .
 Stephen Gammell 's amazing and terrifying art -- the most memorable part of this series -- has been stripped and replaced with generic art by Brett Helquist in this edition .
 The artwork is the only thing anyone ever remembered from this series . Congratulations on putting out an edition that looks exactly like every other scary stories for kids book , instead of the ONE that literally everyone remembers from their childhood.Great way to commemorate the anniversary .
 While the stories are good , what made these books for me as a kid and most people I know was the artwork . MAN , they scared the crap out of me as a kid as well as everyone else . The new artwork is generic Harry Potter-esque and has none of the unadulterated creepiness the original one had . Get the ones with the original art folks , there is a whole new generation out there to be as freaked out as we were .
 Replacing Stephen Gammell 's wonderful artwork is blasphemy to this iconic and nostalgic series of books . Anyone who read these books as a child knows that , even though the stories are great , the artwork is what kept you up at night . I know that soccer moms who believe that their children are porcelain statues that must not be harmed might not realize this , but being scared is NOT a bad a thing.Without Gammell 's amazing artwork , these collections of stories are useless . It 's the same as reading ` The Cat and the Hat ' with different illustrations . It 's just does n't work . That being said , Helquist -LRB- the illustrator of these copies -RRB- is still a great artist , but he has nothing on Gammell 's thirty years of impact on children and adults alike.Please , if you are new to these books , do yourself a favor and DO NOT purchase this version . Please search for the original copies and purchase them . Anyone who purchases these copies is just falling into the horrible sell-out of the publishing company . If there 's any hope at all , the original copies will be reprinted once again alongside of these . If not , I really feel sorry for future generations .
 While the stories in the `` Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark '' book remain the same , the Stephen Gammell illustrations that haunted my imagination have been scrapped for more candy-coated pictures.How candy-coated ? Upon searching for the other tales of horror by Alvin Schwartz , `` In A Dark , Dark Room '' , which was written for Level 2 of the `` I Can Read ! '' children 's collection , I found those water-colored images to be scarier than the cartoonish images in the re-release of `` Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark . ''
 While Scary Stories To Tell in the Dark is a classic children 's book , DO YOURSELF A FAVOR , and find the original version with Stephen Gammell 's illustrations.Alvin Schwartz 's words and Stephen Gammell 's drawings simply go together , and your children deserve to be treated to the full and correct experience granted by the combination of Schwartz and Gammell.Yes , Gammell 's illustrations are more frightening , though no more graphic , than Helquist 's . But that is the point ! Gammell 's work is more effective , it is REAL art , not merely illustration.For the sake of your children 's AESTHETIC development , do the right thing !
 As a child , I was terrified by these stories and the accompanying illustrations . I was quite upset , upon buying this for my son , to find that the publisher had commissioned new artwork . I 'm sure they thought it would make it accessible to a younger audience , and if you 're an overprotective helicopter parent who does n't want your kid to be scared , maybe they 're right ... but then why buy the book in the first place?I have nothing against Mr. Helquist - he 's a very talented artist . But , his illustrations are far too tame for this book . I see no reason to have separated the stories from the original illustrations , and I 'm spent the extra money to buy a gently used copy of the original book . It 's equivalent to The Velveteen Rabbit or Peter Rabbit with new illustrations ... an abomination , and NOT of the good , scary kind !
 I remember reading these books as a first grader . First Grade ! I loved them at the age of 7 , and I love them now at 26 . Yes , there were some sleepless nights , but that did n't stop me from picking up the book the next day ! As others have said , what really stays with you is the art . To have taken the beautifully terrifying artwork and watered it down because some parents do n't want to deal with their child having nightmares is a crime against children 's literature . One star for this edition . The original gets five.I 'm not sure if it 's accurate , but I 've read that the new artwork is for the thirty year anniversary of these books . Happy Thirtieth Birthday to Schwartz and Gammell 's masterpiece . For your present , you get your teeth removed .
 This series influenced me as an artist in profound ways , and it was all because of Stephen Gammell 's illustrations . I remember staying up late at night and just absolutely loving the how terrified it made me feel . It 's very sad to me that children today are n't going to be able to experience the same thing because Gammell 's illustrations have been stripped out and replaced by inferior , less emotionally impactful illustrations.I 'm just happy that I went out of my way as an adult to buy multiple compies of Gammell 's version before they were pulled from shelves.TO THE PUBLISHERS
 I just found out about the tragedy that has befallen these books . The artistic castration they 've suffered is appalling . I mean , the new art is good by itself , -LRB- I absolutely loved this artist 's illustrations in A Series of Unfortunate Events -RRB- but it is n't scary , and when compared with the old art , it 's downright embarrassing . An insult to both artists.A while ago I lost the three battered `` Scary Story '' books that had kept me and my family and all my friends entertained and frightened on so many different occasions during my childhood . I was always planning to buy them again , especially when I had a kid of my own . But I wo n't be buying these books for my kid in their current state . Not out of any kind of protest , but just because they are no longer good enough to buy . The stories are all pretty good , but I was a scary story geek when I was a kid , so I know of a lot of other books with better ones . It was the pictures that go along WITH the stories that made these tales frightening , enhancing the words and changing the things that enter your imagination when you read them , until a mildly unsettling tale took on the inexplicably terrifying quality of a nightmare in your mind . And that 's exactly what we want , is n't it ? That 's the reason we buy a book called `` Scary Stories '' !!
 The new illustrations are a complete disaster . The stories in Scary Stories To Tell In the Dark are fine . What made the book great were the illustrations . These new ones are a disaster and everyone involved should be ashamed of themselves .
 I 'm only giving it a two -LRB- instead of a one -RRB- because they did n't change Alvin Schwartz 's original stories , as far as I know , but I do n't think those stories are nearly as effective with these new downright cute , Harry Potter-esque illustrations . All I can say is I 'm glad I still have my original copies for my daughter to read when she 's old enough in a few years , even if they 're very well-worn from countless trips in backpacks and sleepover bags.These books were defining elements of my childhood and most of my friends ' as well . I think the first time I stayed up past midnight was because I was scared a bloody head would fall down the chimney , or an animated scarecrow would flay me and dry my hide on the roof , or the Wendigo would snatch me up in the air and roast me . So many people today think keeping children in some protective bubble until they 're eighteen is in their best interests , that exposure to anything challenging , scary , or containing peanuts will scar them for life and produce a generation of soulless sociopaths . What these people forget is that when you 're a kid being scared is FUN . Reading The Attic , or the Man Who Lived in Leeds , by flashlight , and pouncing on your nearest friend to scream AHHHHHH at the end was half the fun of slumber parties . Not to mention that as artwork , Gammell 's illustrations were like Kathe Kollwitz meets Hieronymous Bosch meets James Ensor , in other words high octane nightmare fuel par excellence . By keeping them from future generations you 're depriving them of exquisitely drawn artwork that affects you on a visceral level like little else can .
 The originals that I actually came to purchase are what I will be looking for . I do n't know who at Harper Collins thought up this travesty , but fire them . Fire them now , because they 've done enough damage.As the images now clearly show these DO NOT have the original Steve Gammel illustrations . I was hoping that Cracked was once again lying to me when it mentioned these reprints , but like something Gammel created these are but a twisted shadow of the thing they were once supposed to be ... too bad they lack the originality of his creations.Seriously Harper Collins . I wanted to get a copy of the ones I originally read because when I have kids if they do n't have night terrors as a result of these books I will have deprived them of one of the greatest parts of childhood - true and genuine fear . These books are why I answered Nicklodeons question with a resounding yes and you have destroyed it.Forget the whole ChickFillA business , THIS is why I will avoid doing business with you at all cost .
 I was very disappointed to discover that the copies , -LRB- I ordered the `` scary '' trilogy -RRB- while described as being illustrated by Stephen Gammell , were actually the updated versions with watered-down artwork by another artist . I am not keeping this books as they are worthless to me without the better artwork . This is the first time I 've been disappointed with an order from Amazon , but it 's a big one . You need to change your description to include the correct illustrator .
 With respect to Alvin Schwartz , there 's nothing terribly inspired about the writing , but it is a children 's book and I adored it when I was young . What made these books incredible , was Stephen Gammell 's artwork , of which I 'm still a huge fan . I was very young when I was given these books for the first time and I would poor over the images , staring at each one . And yes , they scared me . But that was the fun ! They did n't traumatize me , they just scared me in a delightful way . Releasing a new edition of this work without Gammell 's art is like slapping two plain pieces of bread together and calling it a sandwich .
 While walking through Barnes and Noble after Christmas , I was wondering how to spend my gift card . By chance , I decided to travel down memory lane and pick up the boxed set of my favorite scary story collections as a child . Horrified -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- , I looked at the shell of the books I once loved as an elementary school child . The original pictures made this collection so unique ! For whatever spineless reason , the publisher decided to replace the original ghastly pictures with tame and watered-down versions . Sure , the stories are the same ... but the artwork just does n't fit . It is blasphemy to mess with such perfection . DO NOT SUPPORT THIS VERSION BY PURCHASING IT ! Instead , hunt down the originals and buy them . You will be glad you did !
 This is a review for the ORIGINAL release of the book , not the reprinting ... A majority of the writing seemed to be written by a child . Some stories are n't finished - on purpose - but its annoying , others are just down right silly . But then there are a couple `` classic '' stories , like famous urban legends that make up for some of those bad stories . In the end I 'm disappointed in this book . I have such fond memories of it from my childhood , it 's a shame I do n't feel the same way about it anymore.For a more in depth review please visit my horror movie/book review blog in my profile
 -LSB- Written by my daughter -RSB- At thirteen and a half years old , I read some of these stories laughing at the end because they were so pathetic . I fail to see the gore in here . There are no descriptions at all , and the plots are uncreative . If I were younger perhaps I would enjoy it more . So if you are looking to get this for someone under fourth grade , by all means , they will enjoy it . But for those who prefer real , set up and descriptive horror , get a Steven Kind book or something . Of course , this is coming from a girl who is read stories about women who kill their husbands with lamb chops and then feed it to the detectives , but , you know , that does n't make the book any scarier .
 I was disappointed with this book . I expected `` real '' ghost stories with substance . The book only has short folklore legends .
 Dwellers in the Mirage -LRB- 1932 -RRB- by Abraham Grace Merritt - 222 pages - rating
 This would have been a very short book if all of the racism and sexuality were to be removed . I read it for an Appalachian Literature class , and I felt this book was so racey that I could n't enjoy reading it . The vulgarity in it is also not necessary , and I feel that it should not be called literature because of this .
 I bought this beginner 's guide because , obviously , I 'm a beginner . So I need to be able to trust what the author is teaching me . Unfortunately , I ca n't . Hauck 's premise is that parallels can be drawn between alchemy and contemporary science . I do n't know alchemy , but I found many sloppy references on the science track , and that makes me wonder if he 's playing fast and loose with alchemy too.For a small example , in his discussion of gold , he notes that it 's used to protect `` intersteller probes . '' Sounds plausible , except that humans have launched no intersteller probes ; could this be some kind of metaphor , or is it just a mistake?One example of a larger failure is his chapter on Saturn , in which he ascribes its characteristics to the fact that it 's a failed sun
 This attempt at discussing documentary film is fraught with difficulties for the reader . The prose is clumsy , circumstantial and muddled to the point that I found myself reading passages aloud to others for help . Unfortunately none was forthcoming.There is little excuse to buy this book when there are so many good ones such as those by Barnouw and Jacobs which area clear and informative .
 Bill Nichols is full of words and empty of thought . You need a machete to slash through the tangled sentences in this book , and what you 'll find beneath are simplistic , flawed ideas that are n't developed but buried under more verbiage . Nichols stitches suffixes and prefixes to ordinary nouns , creating monsters like `` situatedness , '' `` hyperrationality , '' `` reconceptualization , '' `` polyvocality , '' `` relationality , '' `` talismanic '' -LRB- ! -RRB- , and the pseudo-literate 's favorite word of all
 not nearly as good as her usual work if your hoping to hear her forget it it is a pale comparison with authors who do n't have her style
 My family thinks that this is the best toilet paper available .
 In the name of science , you will try to prove with propagande ; if you really want to decode how junk scientifics manipulate the world
 I am sympathetic to the perspective of this author , but not to his arrogance or all of his smug conclusions . He is too much the demagogue for my taste , liking as much to degrade as to disagree with his adversaries . This is well beneath the normal standards of his sponsor , The Cato Institute , which usually holds to an exceptionally high standard.I much prefer the similar but far more intelligent and respectful works of Warren Brookes and Julian Simon . They were so good they did n't require `` attitude . '' In contrast this author is frequently on TV , the perfect medium for the condescending sneer which is his mien . This book does n't belong on the shelf with Henry Mencken , who wickedly and hilariously debunked quacks . Pass on this and buy `` The Vintage Mencken '' to read his evisceration of chiropractic .
 Steven Milloy is the self proclaimed `` director '' of The Advancement for Sound Science Coalition also known as TASSC . This coalition is a think tank for corporate interests . The objective of the TASSC is to debunk modern scientific research that concludes corporate pollution has serious consequences on he environment.So Steven 's objective is to discredit any scientific findings that come to the conclusion that corporate America 's pollution has now and will continue to have global effects on the environment . So he criticizes the results of real scientists that are doing objective research and labels them as radical liberals . He calls their science `` junk science '' . The only slip in reasoning here is that the scientists that conclude big business pollution is destructive to the environment and our health were n't paid by billion dollar Industries to come to these conclusions.Steven Milloy and TASSC are funded gratuitously by corporate America to debunk global warming and any other scientific findings that run counter to corporate America 's interests.Originally TASSC was funded by Philip Morris with the goal of debunking the scientific conlusion that second hand smoke is hazardous to your health . Would you believe that ? If I was paid a million dollars by Phillip Morris to say second hand smoke is not dangerous to your health would you believe me ? I really hope not . But that is just what Steven Milloy does . He gets paid enormously by corporate America to say that environmental scientists -LRB- who were n't paid off to come to specific conclusions -RRB- are the one 's producing the junk science . His original funding came from Phillip Morris but TASSC is funded by the following corporations
 It is true . Figures do n't lie but liars can figure . Much , if not all of the problems we face today , and the scares and scams are the result of either the misuses of science data and people or the forced ignoring of scientific truths . Junk Science Judo
 Let 's talk about junk science .1 . Is the person making the claim a relevant authority in the field?For instance , let 's take Stephen Milloy , author of this book . What scientific institutions does he work for ? He 's worked for a variety of firms , including The Advancement of Sound Science Coalition , Multinational Business Services and Citizens for the Integrity of Science , all of which are lobbyist groups for Phillip Morris . He 's also worked for fronts groups for ExxonMobil.One of the reported goals of these organizations was to tag targets with negatively charged buzzwords like `` junk science '' and tag positively-charged labels like `` sound science '' to policies they wanted to extoll . For instance -- smoking ? Bad for you ? We need * sound science * before we can pass this new tax on cigarettes . Or , does global warming/climate change exist ? That 's * junk science * . We need * sound science * before we can pass some more regulations . Naturally , there is never enough sound science.Stephen Milloy is a public relations specialist . And that 's what this book is . If that 's what you want to read , then so be it . But , for everyone else , there are plenty of other books out there on critical thinking and the scientific method -LRB- and how these sort of public relations campaigns work -RRB- . Tobacco company lobbyists do n't deserve your money .
 If you are a big fan of industry PR campaigns , then this book is for you!However , if you are a critical thinker that is interested in evidence and facts , this book is Junk.Interesting note
 First , I 'm a card-carrying skeptic . In fact , I worked for various `` political '' organizations for years . I grew tired of their self-serving , sanctimonious -- and largely dubious -- charges . Environmental groups were often the worst
 Milloy is more off than on . First of all , he gets his backing from the Cato Institute , which is a libertarian organization that opposes government regulation , especially regulation of industry . Thus it comes as no surprise that his favorite target is ` junk science ' which , if left unchecked might , lead to goverment regulation of industry.A lot of what he attacks in fact -LRB- in this book , in other books , on his website , -RRB- is not ` junk science ' at all , but rather those who employ what is called the ` precautionary principle , ' in other words the notion that us humans should play it safe when we do n't know what it is we are dealing with.It is this doctrine that is the reason that drugs need to be tested in this country before the FDA will allow them to be sold . In other words , government regulation . People like Milloy hate the precautionary principle and it 's practitioners becuase they hate regulation.Nevertheless , you might walk away from this book with a little perspective - that science and people are imperfect , and often in error . Perhaps , that science itself is often far from objective . Then again , Milloy is hardly objective himself -LRB- although he puports to be . -RRB- I would recommend reading something like Toxic Sludge is Good for You ! as well for a little more perspective on this important subject , as well as on Milloy himself .
 Steve Milloy , author of this book , is a Washington , DC , lobbyist who has represented just about every polluting industry imaginable , especially the tobacco industry . If you doubt this , read the book Trust Us , We 're Experts ! by Rampton and Stauber , who have pages on Milloy , CATO , American Council on Science and Health , and their PR campaigns to smear health and environmental concerns as ` junk science ' waged by evil public interest groups and activists like Ralph Nader . Pure industry propaganda .
 I am a self-proclaimed skeptic . In short , what being a skeptic means to me is that I strive for objectivity in my views through the guiding philosophy of the scientific method . I should hope that Mr. Milloy would admire such convictions . However , in a recent article entitled `` Suburbs Do n't Pose Health Risks '' -LRB- ... -RRB- it was unclear to me how he was validating his claims . The only supporting ` evidence ' he had was that the recent study by the RAND corporation was able to establish a correlational relationship between suburbia and a myriad of health risks , not a causal one . Taking this criticism and concluding that `` Suburbs Do n't Pose Health Risks , '' as Mr. Milloy did , appears to me to be wholly without merit . While he rightly contends that the methodology of the study was fundamentally unable to establish a clear causal relationship , he has absolutely no case for stating that there is no causal relationship between the two without conducting the type of experimental study that he criticizes the RAND study for not having . Either Mr. Milloy has made a serious logical error , or he has some external motivations to discredit the study.I have emailed Mr. MIlloy 4 times over the past week and have received no response to my questions about his claims , which suggests to me that he is not willing to acknowledge criticism . This is possibly the worst trait a scientist can have ; and as such I am inclined to cast serious doubt on his scientific credibility . I gave this book a neutral rating because I have n't read it , nor will I read it until Mr. Milloy allows himself to be open to criticism . I eagerly await his response and suggest to other potential buyers that they be cautious in their acceptance of his conclusions -LRB- at least until I hear back from him -RRB- .
 The author is funded by the big industries which explains the selection of certain topics and the huge bias it reflects . No matter how many good reviews and bibliographic citations appear here , the ideas expressed reflect corporate interests and not scientific knowledge . Always look at the source !! Research very well where this people 's funds come from and that will tell you a little bit more about the real issues .
 I would not buy this again - it teaches a non-standard supposedly `` new '' methof of casting
 I bought this book thinking it would be an updated and improved version of the 1993 bookArmed and Female
 Paxton Quigley 's book is a compliation of parts of other books on firearms self protection . It 's a bit overdone , and probably would scare the average woman thinking about protecting herself . Women seem to have special problems protecting themselves . They usually do not want to hurt anyone , and they will do all most anything for a baby or a family member before they will do anything to protect themselves . However , women that are able to continue to practice with a hand gun , usually become quite proficent . They know that they do n't know , and they listen to instructions . Most men think they know it all already .
 While there is some very good information in the book , I ask you to consider the source . Ms. Quigley has testified on behalf of a woman shooting a gun down a hillside toward a strip mall at some dogs that were barking but not approaching her , that she was acting reasonably . The jury disagreed and convicted the defendant she was testifying for of grossly negligent discharge of a firearm . Her approach is a bit aggressive .
 I was looking for a piano songbook for childern to play on a piano . I should have realized it was not just the songbook from the price . It comes with an electronic toy piano . The songbook is play by numbers and this did nothing for somebody that is learning to play piano . Very disappointing . Age level is pre-school , before able to read .
 New Orleans is a sultry , seductive city whose gardens reflect a rich history . Decadent nineteenth-Century buildings and courtyards provide an exquisite backdrop for exotic profligate vegetation . These serve as inspiration for all garden enthusiasts.Beginning with A Brief History , that may not be brief enough ; - the book stolidly drags the reader on through endless bayous of pages that recount the minutiae of the French settlers , Native Americans , African Slaves , German and Swiss farmers.Subsequently , it combines the cities latest horticultural overlay of recent Southeast Asian immigrants depicted at vegetable markets with mounds of cut mint . Then , it offers impassive photos of the Warehouse Arts District , and dilapidated fence structures of no particular aesthetic merit , interest , or relevance.The few published photos available to the buyer are quite nice . Nonetheless , the book itself , offers little more in the way of exotic balcony gardens , or lush French Quarter design to inspire ardent gardeners . This pre-Katrina effort adroitly circumvents all that is attractive , interesting , vibrant or comely within the city . It plods along with sluggish text , mostly unremarkable photography , and seemingly indifferent editing .
 This is not a book . It is nothing more than the postings from an AOL message board that is actually from way back in 1994 . What a joke . I do n't know who wrote up the `` publisher 's review '' , but talk about a mislead . Each page is like a separate posting from this ongoing thread and is for the most part very boring . The so called author is simply one of the posters who got involved in the postings at some point . That 's it . The so called author tries to constantly instigate controversy , especially with one other poster . Probably for the purpose of creating the controvery of being able to get this book published . Though how he found someone to publish it is beyond me .
 After having been told about this book by a good friend who also could not believe it she was finally able to get the copy borrowed again from her co-worker . The first 50 pages or so were mildly interesting only if the topic interested you -LRB- it did n't interest me -RRB- and if you lean towards people having sometimes idiotic arguments appeals to you . Then after around six weeks of this nonsense is when the `` author '' gets involved in the tpic discussion . The `` author '' seems to have an agenda right from the start and yes that agenda seeems to be agitation , irritation , sowing discord and creating a climate to intentionally encourage retaliation . I even wondered if the objective right from the start was to create a scene where the `` author '' would then be able to do noting more than copy all of the postings and caal it a book . In his conclusion he speas of a sequel which makes one think even more that this was a `` set up '' from the start . And the concluding posting is such a childish example of `` getting in the last word '' and in such a demeaning way that the author should be ashamed . Glad this was a borrowed book !
 Talk about junk . Who would publish somethng like this ? I see that it was published by some unheard of publishing company in Lakewood , Ohio ? What other garbage have they published ? I can find nothing about any other books published by this `` so-called '' publisher . Only some kind of religeous tracts tye stuff . The earlier reviewers have lready hit on the faults of this book . While the book indicates that permission was obtained from AOL to use these postings , how abot all of the individual posters ? How many of them simply used a username that was the same as their e-mail address header ? And how many of them were embarrassed when friends or family may have stumbled across this and recognized them and their postings . Postings that were assumed to have a certain degree of semi-privacy ? Shame on AOL and shame on this so-called author for simply copying months and months of postings and copying them into a manuscript and then somehow getting it published as a `` book '' .
 This book contains such advise as writing down personal affirmations which you will repeat to yourself at the beginning of each day : I am calm , prepared , and entertaining.I am fit and beautiful.I am humble , patient , and compassionate.I am enough , just the way I am.If this kind of advise is your cup of tea , then this is your kind of book .
 Very much like Alexandra Stoddard 's books , too much alike . Stoddard 's books are less wordy and still get to the point . I stopped reading this book when the similarities became clear , been there done that . If you are looking for something in the `` guidance '' area , try Stoddard . She has many better books . I have some and re-read them often for refreshers and finding the `` gems '' I forgot about .
 Sorry about the 1-star rating -- it is not for the book 's content -LRB- I ca n't read it -RRB- , but for the horrible way it displays on my iPad.The cover page is nice and big , fills the screen , and looks great . Ever subsequent page however is about half size , meaning that two pages fit across the iPad screen , and the font is too small to be readable.Furthermore , the iPad version only allows landscape viewing , and the stupid Kindle app remains in this orientation after returning to my books list , and moving on to another book.Am I missing something here ?
 My rating of one * is not a reflection of the story or the gorgeous illustrations ; but , on the unreadable digital version . Shame on the people who will profit from selling something with an unchageable font size that is too small to read . It was obviously scanned in and formatted on landscape view with two hard cover book pages per one narrow digital page . The font and the page size ca n't be enlarged . I 'm really disappointed with Amazon for not only selling something of such inferior quality and even more disappointed with them for highlighting this product as a daily deal . : - -LRB-
 I purchased this for my granddaughter , we love reading together . The print was WAY to small and no way to make it bigger .
 I appreciate what the author was attempting to do , but do not feel the book succeeds . It is too dry to read on its own -LRB- as a sort of William Safire-style curmudgeon rant on language -RRB- , and not comprehensive enough to be a useful desk reference.In addition , the first 30 or so pages are actually a biography of the author -LRB- who died a few years ago -RRB- by one of his colleagues . Perhaps to someone researching Lasch himself -LRB- who was , admittedly , a renown academic -RRB- this material would be interesting , but it is n't in the context of language reference .
 I found this book almost entirely irrelevant and in sore need of update . Nowadays , many states have `` no fault '' divorce -LRB- e.g. , Colorado -RRB- , the men 's movement has changed culture , and MANY women are career women who are the main bread-winners of the family . This book takes NONE of that effectively into account . Therefore , the book was a total waste of money and time for me . I do not recommend it for any career woman and dedicated mother who is the bread-winner and in a position to need to pay maintenance , lose significant assets , AND lose parenting time despite being BOTH primary parent and primary breadwinner . This book needs to catch up with the times .
 This book should be titled ` What Every Woman Should Know about Custody Battles ' . I found absolutely nothing helpful about a basic childless divorce in this book . If you are going through a divorce and have custody issues , this might be okay for you . If you have no children , do n't even bother .
 I bought this book for a friend going through a divorce , luckily I read it first . In a section about a father not being involved with his children they accuse the mother of not making him feel welcome , in a section about court they advise women not to wear short shirts or make-up and it only gets worse . This book was written to convince women to stay married so they do n't loss their children .
 What a pity that a book about a part of India that has received little attention turns out to be so poorly written . A trip that could have been very interesting to read about is instead a tedious catalogue of `` then we went there and then we did this . '' The author comes across as a naive young woman who did not even know to take toilet paper to a remote part of India and patently she -LRB- and her travelling companions -RRB- had done little -LRB- if any -RRB- reading about the history and politics of Assam . This is , unfortunately , an unchallenging and uninformative book .
 This review is kind of hard for me to write since I spent quite a while finding a used copy of this book since it seems to be out of print . I genuinely enjoyed Shielder and Shamara but Shadower was just not up to par with the other two books in the series . While Sabin seemed true to his character portrayal in the other two books , Moriah came off so wrong that I just about stopped reading half way through because I just could n't get over how whiney and narrow-minded Moriah was and how she just automatically assumed the worst about Sabin every single time as compared to the fun-loving and strong woman she was in the other two books.Yes , bad things had happened to her in her life and she would have been traumatized but for someone to continue to live in the past like she was just did n't appeal at all . Sabin went out of his way to be good and kind to her , especially after he found out what had happened and Moriah just kept coming off with her nasty attitude and erroneous assumptions even though all evidence to the contrary did not support her ideas.I will continue to read Ms. Spangler 's books because I enjoyed her other ones but if this had been the first book by her I had ever read I would never have read another.If you want to read the entire series , then by all means find a copy of this book and read it to satisfy your curiosity about the back story to Sabin and Moriah , but just do n't expect Moriah to be like the character portrayed in Shielder and Shamara .
 Did I read a different book from everyone else ? I thought this was horrible ! I mean how demeaning to women to imply and then prove that a man would best a woman in strength every time . Even a woman with fighting skills . Then , this whiny main character that , regardless of all the obvious hands on facts that prove Sabin is an honest , honorable man , she still calls foul and continues to abuse him in the worst way . Yet , he continues to chase her , help her and love her regardless . When everything is added up , Moriah does n't deserve a man like Sabin . Lastly , to top it all off , after she 's unloaded abuse after abuse on him , he simply tells her he 's a good guy and she 's like , oh , well , in that case I believe you and I love you . How utterly stupid ! His actions obviously mean nothing , but she 'll listen to what he says -- wham -- bam!Terrible , just terrible !
 50,000 years in the future and they are still smoking cigarettes , reading newspapers , the main power source is nuclear energy . . and they carry nuclear guns ??? A kid in the 2nd grade has more imagination!I almost made it to the end . It had gotten so absurd that it finally just drifted off to a shelf ... What I did n't like :1 -RRB- Lack of imagination -LRB- see above -RRB- .2 -RRB- Cardboard characters . Nobody to really cheer for . . either the character is a pencil necked geek or some babbling fool .3 -RRB- False religion mumbo jumbo
 This has to be one of the worst books i EVER picked up . Within the fist 50 pages , iwas bored out of my mind . I do n't know why everyone think this book is SOOOOO good , do n't listen to them . If you like BAD books this is the one for you ! I hope Asimov has some better books , cause he has to be acclaimed a good writer for something -LRB- or book -RRB- !
 This book is one of the most overrated books I have ever read . There is very little in the way of plot and character development . There is no climax in this book . The book reads like a historical record , similar to Tolkiens Silmarillion , rather than an actual story . If you like reading historical records , you may like this book . If you are looking for an exciting novel ... . better luck elsewhere .
 I tried to listen to this story on CD , and aside from the story not being terribly interesting , I was surprised at Asimov 's attitude towards religion . I suppose I should n't have been . He is a sci fi writer , after all . But I thought he was supposed to be a smart guy . He 's not -- at least on this point.The basic outline of the story -LRB- at least the beginning -- I did n't make it all the way through -RRB- is that some guy predicts that the galactic empire is going to fall , so he tries to make provision to preserve technology so that the succeeding dark ages do n't last as long as they otherwise might . Toward that end he gets a select group of scientists onto this relatively isolated planet where they can carry on their work , which becomes the invention and maintenance of a religion that 's supposed to preserve certain technologies through the coming dark ages . In this religion the high priests understand the theory -- the technology and all that -- but the local priests and the people are duped into believing in some mumbo jumbo.It 's as if you 're supposed to picture some priest waving incense and saying prayers while he adjusts the knobs on the nuclear reactor , believing that it 's God doing something while it 's really just technology.I know that `` technology as magic '' and `` religion = magic '' are common themes in the sci-fi genre , but for some reason I expected better from Asimov . It shows a rather alarming lack of thought.Religious rituals are always geared towards the chaotic and the mysterious . There are n't religious rituals to cause the sun to rise , because it 's regular and dependable , but there are religious rituals for storms and floods and harvests and childbirth and whatnot . Religion is also used to explain hidden things -- psychology , forgiveness , etc.IOW , religion is subject to criticism -LRB- `` it 's not measurable '' -RRB- in precisely the area where Asimov is trying to squeeze it . He 's trying to make religion the mystical cloak for something that 's regular , predictable and logical . It just does n't work that way.If religious rituals had precise , measurable results , people would suspect that there 's nothing religious or mysterious about them and they 'd look for a material cause . Anyone who doubts that simply does n't understand the religious mind , or has n't been paying attention . Sure , there are gullible religious folk out there who 'll believe anything , but the majority have half an eye out for tricks and deceptions.The very idea that you can hide technology behind a cloak of religious ritual is a rather silly science fiction writer 's fantasy.Anyway , the story was n't that compelling , and this `` religious cover for nuclear technology '' business was so incredibly stupid , I could n't finish it .
 What more can I say ? The Mule ? Give me a break . How can anyone consider this to be great fiction ? Go read something else ...
 As an avid sci-fi reader , I felt I had to rectify an oversight and read the book that really is a foundation of much of today 's sci-fi . When I started the book , I planned to read the entire series . I was so completely let down that I do n't know if I 'll ever read Asimov again . Foundation simply failed to ignite any spark in my imagination . The characters are poorly developed , largely because of the huge leaps in time throughout the book . In addition , the inability of a person writing sci-fi -- which by its nature looks to the future -- to envision any role for women in that future is deplorable . I thought Asimov 's work trite , boring , and completely lacking in the sort of foresight that makes books by authors like William Gibson and Tad Williams so amazingly captivating . Kudos to Asimov for opening the door for better writers but too bad his work -LRB- at least this early work -RRB- is terrible . Do n't waste your time reading this one . Go straight to the many better post-Asimov authors .
 I hate this book . I do n't just `` not like it , '' I hate it ! Such a bad book . Do not read it !
 Asimov had some interesting concepts in this novel . It 's unfortunate that he killed them with his stale characters and unbelievable plot devices . The book -LRB- and its successors -RRB- read like an episode of Leave It to Beaver set in outer space . The repetitive vault openings became tediously predictable - I felt like I had read the same chapter a dozen times . Read the Cliff Notes , save yourself some time . *****
 I know ! I 'm as surprised as you are that I did n't enjoy this much-touted classic ! I added it to my list of summer must-reads , and it was probably the worst of the bunch . After the second or third time an expected dramatic climax was suddenly resolved by a literal deus ex machina , the thrill was gone . Maybe Asimov was being ironic ?? I did enjoy meeting a trader who could 've been a Han Solo relative , but that was the highlight . Asimov fans may enjoy this one , but I will stick to Clarke , Bradbury , and Heinlein .
 I read this book based on overall good reviews of the series and Asimov in general . The story had some interesting moments and actually started off quite solidly . But then , the politics took over and the Sci-Fi aspect was completely lost . This book felt like a drama class play that could have taken place anywhere and almost at anytime . I never felt like I was in space or that anything related to Sci-Fi was present . I didnt mind the story so much but being a Sci-Fi book means that I expect some technical `` sciency '' details and didnt get anything in this book . I also did not like the huge jump from each major chapter regarding time . Just when you feel that the plot and characters are `` settlling-in '' you jump 80 years and have to start all over again . Lastly , there was very little scene setup . I rarely knew where the dialog was taking place or what the surroundings were ... hence the comparison to a stage play.If you like Arthur Clark 's style of Sci-Fi like me and prefer the Science aspect of Sci-Fi to be featured in books you read then I would not recommend this book . It is somewhat over-rated and is n't really Sci-Fi In my opinion ...
 The first time I tried to read Foundation , I was six years old , and it was simply too complex for my developing mind . Just a few months ago , however , I was cleaning out my attic and came across the same old book . To ascertain it 's actual nature as interpreted by the adult mind , I read it again . I was amazed not only by the sheer brillance and ingenuity of the ideas contained within it , not only by the grandiose size of the subject matter , but mostly by the writing , which I regarded as absolutely horrid . The plot is clunky , the conversations roll off the tongue like sandpaper covered in peanut butter , and the descriptions could have been written better by some obscure species of mosquito . As a book , it could be improved by changing the title from `` Foundation '' to `` How Not to Write a Book '' or `` Please Steal These Ideas and Rewrite Them in English . '' I highly reccomend it to people for use as a very expensive and ineffective paperweight .
 I have heard so much about this book over the years but did n't like Asimov 's writing so I never read it . Well , I thought maybe this was different but no , it 's the same poor writing . I love the idea of psychohistory but that 's where the love ends for this book . And Hari Seldon dies before we get to know and like him . Dull , mostly pointless conversations between people you do n't know as the story jumps quickly over time ruin this book . And how lazy of Asimov to not develop his ideas . At one point he gets out of this by having a character watch a movie that we ca n't see which describes something that would have been interesting and clever had it been developed.I guess I 'll finish the series because I 've heard the other books are better . Phew , glad I got this out of the way .
 Disclaimer
 I am a huge fan of science fiction and fantasy , and have been reading these books for 20 years . I picked up the Foundation books because Asimov was supposed to be so great , and I really enjoyed his short stories . This book - all of the books in this series - is so amazingly boring it could be used to replace Thorazine . The concept was solid , but the characters made me not care at all . I kept hoping they would die simply so there would be something interesting happening . If you must read it , check it out from the library and save your money . Unless of course you 're a chronic insomniac ; then , by all means , buy this book .
 `` Foundation '' is considered by many SF devotees to be one of the greatest creations of the genre . It won the Hugo award to prove it , spawned many sequels , and even a couple of prequels . I was excited to read this book , expecting it to live up to its many accolades.Boy , was I disappointed!The basic idea of this novel is fascinating
 I bought this book because Asimov is supposedly one of the sci-fi greats , but if this book is a good example of his work his reputation is overblown . I found the characters to be flat and one dimensional . The story uses unrealistic plot devices . Yes I understand that it 's science fiction , but I find it strains credulity to think that the characters were able to invent a religion worlds-spanning religion in 30 years . It also did n't seem very likely that a 12,000-year-old empire would so quickly crumble into the stone age -LRB- I 'm exaggerating slightly -RRB- . I realize that this book was written in 1951 but the high tech stuff in the story was hardly high tech back then , much less in an empire spanned the galaxy.Bottom line
 Right where a character talks about his old age of sixty-two years.Yeah , right . An advanced galactic civilization , thousands of years old , with FTL travel and turnkey exoplanets just right for human habitation everywhere , never bothered to find medical treatments for aging . That might have sounded plausible in science fiction 60 + years ago , but much less so today . The novel also suffers from a lot of faults which other reviewers have noted . Perhaps Asimov 's stories blew geeks ' minds in the 1940 's and 1950 's , but his work has n't aged well.BTW , Asimov , Heinlein , Clarke , Carl Sagan and a lot of other scientifically knowledgeable people in the mid 20th Century accepted the existence of exoplanets based on NO evidence at all until the mid 1990 's , while at the same time criticizing similar claims without evidence as woo-woo . Just by coincidence the exoplanet faith position happened to resemble observable reality somewhat - but it did n't have to . Even then , the existence of so many `` hot Jupiters '' surprised a lot of astronomers involved in the hunt for exoplanets . Exoplanetologists may not find plausible earthlike planets for many years .
 I could n't wait to read the first of the Foundation novels , having got such great reviews , and having heard that it 's been such an inspiration to so many other sci-fi authors . But I could barely finish it . The book is flat-out boring . There is no action , choosing rather to focus mostly on matters of political intrigue . If you like watching CSPAN , then you 'll love this book.There is also no continuity of storyline or characters . The book constantly jumps ahead in time right about the time you 've wrapped your head around the current characters and plot.It 's like a set of boring short stories , loosely stitched together with an single underlying theme .
 This seems like awfully shoddy science fiction to me . The old complaint about thin characterization is n't even the worst of it , nor are the crazy anachronisms -LSB- rampant cigar smoking , newspapers and casual misogyny -RSB- . But so much of this plot develops in the form of uninteresting local political maneuvers between slightly AynRandized heroes and buffooning villians , with no sense of place or grandeur whatsoever.The timeline of the novel is suddenly too breif after introducing the vast concept of a 40,000 year swing through history , and neither the future society Asimov has envisioned nor the apparant brilliance of the plan at the heart of this series are ever portrayed convincingly . Whatever powerful effect this book may have had in its day , it is bereft of it now .
 ... but that did n't prevent me from intensely disliking it . The characters are flat , the story is contrived , and why are all people of power in this world men ? Very realistic idea of the future .
 Foundation is the epitome of the ideal of the pessimistic technocratic utopian . Strange as it may sound , the plot is as follows
 I read this book as a teenager and was excited to be reminded of it recently . I went to Amazon to purchase the book to find that it is one without text to speech enabled.I make it my policy not to buy any book that does n't have this feature as I prefer to read when I 'm stationary and listen while I 'm driving . Since the future is n't here yet and I ca n't safely read while I 'm driving , this is a problem for me.Listen up publishers . I 'm not going to buy your audio book . Disabling this feature just ensures that I 'll not buy your ebook either . If I really want to read this book , I 'll find a used copy because you 've annoyed me that much .
 Copyright restrictions make it so I can not get this classic on my kindle ... Its a kindle , I should be able to get any book in any language sent to me in any part of the world . I hate you Johnny Copyright !
 Count me with the minority who found this book unreadable . It was incredibly dated with imagery very thin and sparse . I got lost in the pointless dialog and was unable to finish .
 The book is written about an empire in the future . I 'm not really sure why Asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer , which is a dying system of government , instead of a democratic republic . I know this is nit-picking , but I did n't like this book.Apparently , the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics . Anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician , as I do , knows that it 's difficult to predict what 's going to happen in anyone 's life tomorrow , much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics.This book is intellectual worship , which is something I ca n't stand . Intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else , so feel they should rule over everyone else , if only you would listen to them . This idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude . This smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable . Another idea that 's patently absurd - that any event that occurs is inevitable.If this guy was so smart as to predict , with a high degree of accuracy , the downfall of civilization , and the rising of a new one , along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through , why was n't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization . Surely , with his predictive ability people would listen to him , but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason.And Asimov is a mediocre writer . The story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed . I read this book because as a sci-fi fan , I felt obligated .
 I enjoy Asmov 's science books . They are informative , clever and witty . But his science fiction is another matter . They are poorly written . And worse , I did n't believe a word of Foundation . Such accutate prediction is impossible . It 's not only extremely difficult to predict the major trends , but to have his character predict such minor details as well is absurd . Just one example of the difficulties of prediction
 So many people like this book and have called it a `` classic '' - I felt I had to read it . I am not a hard-core sci-fi reader , but I did enjoy reading books by Herbert , Heinlein , Bradbury , and the like . So I though I 'd give Asimov a chance . To my surprise , I did n't like this book at all.I have read some bad books in my life , but this is the first bad book I bothered to read all the way through . I kept waiting for it to get better . I kept waiting for the `` eureka '' moment when I finally understood why everyone likes this book so much . It never happened , and when I finally came to the end of the book , I realized that Mr. Azimov stole a good two hours of my life and gave me NOTHING in return.The story sounds interesting , and in the hands of another writer it may have bore fruit . Unfortunately , in Mr Asimoz 's hands , the story falls flat in the implementation . Had the writing not been funny , I would have been completely bored . Of course , Mr. Azimov did not intentionally make me laugh - sadly , his understanding of the human condition appears to be based largely on old , cheap pulp fiction novels . The characters are completely one dimensional and unconvincing . I truly can not understand why anyone would like this book - but calling it a classic is simply unbearable . I can only assume that most of the people reviewing this book favorably are children . In any case , they are certainly not familiar with truly good writing . My advice
 Being a sci-fi fan myself , I decided I wanted to try reading some of the works by the giants of sci-fi . I had always heard how great `` Foundation '' was , so I thought I 'd start with this one . I was thoroughly disappointed ! Asimov used way too many large words -LRB- `` using dollar words where dime words would suffice '' -RRB- . The story seemed to jump around from one time to another . The characters were very one-dimensional and very flat ... I did n't have that `` I wonder what 's going to happen next to -- '' . I just did n't care what was going to happen next to the characters or in the story . There did n't seem to be anything to propel this story along ; nothing to develop the characters or the story . I read over 100 pages and I still had no interest in what was happening . -LRB- Even Stephen King , who can be pretty tough to get into his stories , has me hooked within 50 to 60 pages ! -RRB- I just do n't get what all the hype is over this book . Could someone out there PLEASE tell me ! I will try to get into his Robot series ... maybe he has better character and story development in them ... I hope !
 The Foundation is completely undeserving of the fame accredited to it . Had it been more eloquently executed , the collage of textbook style narrative and bad dialogue might have been sufficient to generate a bearable story . All the social concepts Asmov brings up are well worn and ill-portrayed on the backdrop of a generic , illogical sci-fi universe . His writing style is bland and every one of his characters can be found by an other name in star wars .
 This has to be one of the most over rated books -LRB- and series -RRB- of all time.The dialog and character development is horrible . The characters have about as much depth as paper dolls . The language is about as colorful as a newspaper.The ideas behind the novel may have been new and interesting 50 years ago , -LRB- although anyone familar with Wells , Huxley , or Verne would debate that -RRB- , but now they are just tired and beaten like a dead horse .
 ... It is awful , truly one of the worst books that I 've ever read ... Good writing does not not to be defended like this , and the need to defend a book in this way prety much proves that it is a substandard work .
 After somehow assiduously avoiding Asimov 's seminal `` masterpiece '' for over 50 years since I began reading sci-fi , I decided to dip into this ponderous tome.Oh , forsooth , the ancient bard 's Shakespearean language came alive once more , only this time , more than 12,000 years into the future.But , lo , some things have never changed
 The book starts with an enticing psychohistory idea , but then it dives deep into politics . It is quite interesting to read the ingenious solutions for the crises taken by the great leaders of the Foundation , specially for resigning war whenever it seemed the most sensible way out.The problem is that this book is supposed to be science fiction , yet the story seemed to have happened back in the mercantilism period in the XVII century , with its priests , kings , viceroys and merchant ships trading raw materials for manufactured goods . The gadgets used by the traders to fool the other empires are a bit silly as well , for a far future based science fiction .
 When I was in junior high school , Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy was my favorite science fiction . Recently , I picked it back up , and have had to revise my opinion somewhat.First , in terms of character and plot development , Asimov certainly had n't hit his stride when he wrote these books . The characters are cardboard cutouts -- especially the female characters.More importantly , Asimov uses the basic idea behind the series ... that Hari Seldon created his `` psychohistory plan '' and launched it , invisibly determining the future of his Foundations for centuries ... as a kind of magic box from which he pulls plot developments . This drains the story of dramatic tension . One knows from the get-go that it 'll all work out in the wash . -LRB- In the second half of `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' , Asimov had found a way out of this problem , by introducing a wild card in the deck . -RRB- Finally , the book has n't aged well . The technology forseen for his far-future galactic civilization seems positively `` retro '' . Normally , this would n't be a problem ... Orwell 's 1984 is still an effective piece of fiction , even though it 's 2002 , and the world is far different from the world Orwell envisioned ... but the Foundation books ' other flaws just seem to make this worse .
 The Foundation novel is very dated , which I suppose is a function of the time it was written . Women are almost entirely absent except when they turn to putty over pretty pieces of jewelry . A gun is an `` atomic blaster , '' and other quaint 50s relics.The one dimensionality of the characters is problematic . I have to admit that although I do n't read a lot of science fiction , I know priority is never put on characterization . However , since nearly all of the ideas of the book are no longer relevant , this shortcoming becomes glaring . The book is more of a time capsule than a living book.There is actually a single main character who re-occurs as 3 different personas -LRB- Seldon , Hardin , and Mallow -RRB- . SeldonHardenMallow is calm , calculating , and always right . His opponents flail around until the denouement when SeldumHardenMallow has maneuvered them into exactly the right position and emerges victorious . It 's so predictable that there is n't any dramatic tension.The biggest problem I had with the book is that the politics seem very nave . This novel was supposedly based on Gibbon 's `` The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire , '' but Foundation seems to have only to most primitive understanding of that work.I do n't really understand the love generated toward this book . It seems particularly flat . A lot of people seem to enjoy it -- just not me , I guess .
 Just writing this to provide moral support for anyone who reads this book and is thoroughly underwhelmed.Asimov 's prose is clean but his tone seems uneven in this installment , as opposed to the tighter first book.The book is essentially two disconnected adventures ... not very appealing.There 's a female character in the second adventure that 's quite problematic ; she 's dull , and Asimov spends a lot of time and effort on the fact that she 's -LRB- gasp -RRB- not male.Finally , this series feels very dated , in terms of language , attitudes , and even vision of the future . `` Nuclear '' is the buzzword ; everything 's like the '50s , but nuclear-powered . I liked Foundation but Foundation & Empire tends to wander away from the idea of the Foundation as the main character , and instead ca n't seem to decide whether to focus on galactic-level events or protagonists . This would be excusable if the protagonists were interesting.Go read Jack Vance or Gene Wolfe if you want masterful sci-fi !
 I just finished reading Foundation and was extremely disappointed . Maybe I was expecting too much , something grander along the line of the Dune series . But the book in of itself is an extreme disappointment . I realize Asimov was young -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he wrote this , but his style leaves a lot to be desired . I 'll take an early Arthur C. Clarke book over Asimov any day . This is the first book by Asimov I 've read and I 'm not sure I want to read another . His style is very dialogue driven with very few , if any , detail given to what the characters think . Everyone is very two-dimensional . And he never describes any of the scenes were all of this dialog takes place . Part of the interest in science-fiction is exploring new places , seeing different things . This entire story could have taken place on an empty stage . In fact , it seems like it 's written more for a play than a novel . As for the story , it starts out interestingly enough . The Empire is going to crumble and to avoid thousands of years of dark-ages , a Foundation is set up to preserve the past learning 's of the Empire . Well , that 's what the original thought was at least . Soon we discover there 's an alternate motive to this . Once we learn of this motive , the story goes straight downhill . Asimov skips decades from one page to another . Characters are introduced that we know practically nothing about , and he never tells us anything about them . I 've read history books that had more character development than he gives the people in this book . By the time I got to the end I found myself saying `` So what '' ? Am I supposed to continue on reading this series because it 's been called a `` classic '' . I 've seen the word `` classic '' thrown around a little too much sometimes . This is definitely one of those times .
 I ordered this book 2 weeks ago and it just now came today . What 's worse , it 's in absolutely terrible shape . The front cover is ripped , the spine has old sticker residue on it , and the back looks like it 's been chewed on by a small animal . So much for being `` Used - Very Good Condition ''
 Pssst ! The Emperor has no clothes . All but a few seem afraid to admit it . Thank goodness for those brave folks who panned this vaunted ` classic ' here . I only wish I had heeded their warning .
 This novel has a lot of ideas that do not fit together . The science , characters , and society are not memorable .
 This book has all the Asimovian trademarks
 I respect Asimov as a writer of science fiction . However after reading all of the Foundation series I wish it had more humanity in it . The book was overly complex . The characters did nothing for me . The Foundation series is over rated in my humble opinion . It falls in the category that I call dry sci-fi . Asimov 's Robot series was better than this .
 The book , Foundation , by Isaac Asimov , has promise but leaves the reader without satisfaction upon completion . Though having what initially appears to be a gripping plot , the grip loosens throughout the book . While philosophers may enjoy the lack of action and adventure , other readers who crave that amazingly described action sequence , will find that this is not the book to get . Taking place beyond the year 12,000 A.D , the Galactic Empire , spanning galaxies , is predicted by the revered physcohistorian , Hari Seldon , to crumble . On a mission to shorten a period of 30,000 years of barbarism after the fall of the Galactic Empire , to a mere millennium , he establishes an association , the Foundation , to preserve the Universe 's knowledge in a giant Encyclopedia . Foundation takes place on many different planets in many galaxies across the universe . This book spans many generations and involves many characters , as the book covers in different plot lines that converge at the end.Foundation is a book that focuses on political issues , thus making the book void of action and adventure . This can make the book extremely boring and aggravating to some readers . The story focuses on conflicts among activist parties and groups conspiring against the political leaders of the Foundation 's home world , Terminus , as well as diplomatic and religious conflicts between the Foundation 's home planet , Terminus , and neighboring kingdoms such as Anacreon and Smyrno , along with greedy kingdoms bent on conquest of their neighbors . But out of the 285 pages of the book , there is only one significant action sequence , which is between the kingdom of Anacreon and the Foundation . The sequence involves a mass riot and uprising of priests on Anacreon 's home world , along with the total emancipation of the Anacreonian naval fleet by a priest who threatens to curse the fleet . When characters , like the mayor of Terminus and his advisors , discuss war or the inevitability of a war , there never is an explanation of what occurs during the fighting , just a summary of the war , and who is the victor . An example is at the end of the book , when there is a war between the Foundation and the world of Korell , because of disagreements over religious beliefs and the tolerance of missionaries . The war is only summed up in an excerpt from the `` Encyclopedia Galactica '' . Another noticeable point about Foundation is how confusing it is in many aspects . The book is broken up into `` Parts '' that separate time , setting , and characters . A part entitled `` The Mayors , '' which takes place mainly on Terminus and involves the mayor , Salvor Hardin , and the relations between his world and the kingdom of Anacreon , is then followed by one entitled `` The Traders , '' which takes place many decades later and involves totally different characters in a different part of the galaxy . When and where each part takes place is not answered until later into the chapters of the part . Also confusing is the fact that new characters are introduced quickly in every part , thus making it harder for the reader to grasp . If the reader gets attached to a character or really likes where the plot and characters are going in a certain part , he or she will be unpleasantly surprised when those characters are never talked about again in the novel , after that part.One good thing about Foundation is that it expresses new and intriguing ideas about predicting the future through the science of psychohistory and what the human race and universe will be like in ten more millennia . This includes the idea of having a Galactic Empire that controls millions of planets . Along with ideas of nuclear power still being the most advanced power system , man-sized force fields able to block any nuclear handgun 's blast and giant space ships with the capability to destroy planets are discussed . Also the ideas of monarchy being the prime governmental system is included in the novel . These may seem like interesting ideas that would make Foundation a great book , but the reader may find that these ideas also make the story harder to understand because they are either seemingly too primitive for the time period , or too far-fetched to be logical . This book could be someone 's favorite book , if they happen to like philosophical books without action . It could also be the bore of a lifetime for some people .
 With all the rave reviews about this book , perhaps I set my hopes too high . I just really did n't care for this book . There is almost no character development -LRB- since every chapter spans huge jumps in time -RRB- and the `` science '' in this novel takes a back seat to the political ideas of the author . With endless pages of dialog and few reasons to care about any of the characters , I had a very hard time getting through this one . And while I know it was written years ago , the author 's science-fantasy was pretty much limited to `` nuclear powered devices . '' That just did n't feel like much of a stretch of the imagination , all things considered.I thoroughly enjoy sci-fi when told by authors such as H.G. Wells and Ray Bradbury . These authors know how to paint a picture in your mind and bathe your imagination in colorful imagery . In Foundation , however , I was thoroughly unimpressed by the style , context and story as told by Azimov - it was boring , unimaginative , and I never even had the pleasure of painting the scene being played out in my mind . I would definitely not recommend this book .
 Prelude to Foundation is excellent . However , you should stop there . Foundation is bad . This book is totally predictable . Read DUNE if you want something intelligent and entertaining . Read FOUNDATION if you want something that you probably wo n't even finish .
 The book was apparently resent after not arriving 5 weeks after ordering and it still hasnt arrived after two months . phshopus customer service has been responsive but there is something going wrong with the shipment process
 The book covers several generations , so with each generation you have to re-learn all the characters . It is difficult to keep track of who 's who when every time you get to know the cast , 200 years suddenly pass and we 're in the middle of a new crisis . I did n't read the whole series because of this -- it was obnoxious .
 I got pretty bogged down with the multiple characters and places and time periods . Not a good book to pick up occasionally , takes a focussed reading . And that 's just one of the series !
 No judgement againt asimov as a sci fi innovator , but i did not find the story telling to be very enthralling and felt almost no emotional connection to the series of characters introduced over large jumps in time.The method for introducing new twists or skipping decades by introducing fake abreviated &#34; encyclopedia galactica &#34; entries was awkward and rough .
 I realize I 'm in the minority compared to the other reviews but I do n't feel this book is even close to being half as good as the first foundation book . The two stories lacked charters that I cared about and unlike the first foundation book their was very little to contemplate . Also I guessed the big twist in the second story by the third page .
 Asimov is often said to have a flat style and to be unable to create credible characters . It 's my opinion . And Asimov is never more ridiculous than when he writes about feelings , especially about love -LRB- scenes seem to be described by a child or a thinking machine -RRB- . But this writer is still gifted at setting clever plots every reader will enjoy , for instance in his robots tales -LRB- of course do not expect more than a quality entertainment , as often with sci-fi -RRB- . However , Fondation is not really a clever book ; it is not boring , but it has poor content . You will finish it but probably wo n't read it again . First problem , it is impossible to believe in psychohistory , which smells like positivist propaganda from the 19th century . And because he has nothing more than an adventure story to tell , Asimov uses all kinds of tricks to grip the reader , including lots of surprises justified by unlikely and twisted arguments , some of which you may find hard to swallow . To conclude , Fondation is a kind of cartoon
 It is n't my kind of book but , I thought , I would give it a try . We read it in our book club . Some of the readers liked it , most of them did n't . I did n't . But , the author did have great insight to the future in the 1950 - 1960 's
 The title of this item says '' -LRB- 3 books boxed set ... '' however , when I purchased and received this item , I was only sent one book . I was expecting three books , especially for the price that I paid , and was only sent one . Therefore , I am rating this item very poorly .
 I read the foundation books and was reminded why I do n't like asimov . The man has Phd 's in chemistry and a gazillion other physical sciences and he likes to show it off . And that makes it very hard for us lay scifi geeks .
 I was dissatisfied with this novel . Being an avid fan of Asimov and the Foundation series , the younger version of the mathimatical genius did not match with older one who changed the history of his race for the better ; nor did I think that the story with female very appealing , again it did not match . The story seemed tacked on to the series just to write another novel . It is unfortunate that the writer who invented the positronic brain , the three law of robotics , and of course the genuis of the foundation series wrote such a tacked on story .
 Publisher
 ... To my surprise and disappointment , I found `` Foundation '' to be an exceptionally terrible `` book '' , totally undeserving of the praise it has received here . As some of the other reviewers have pointed out , the writing style is of a very poor quality indeed . It is not only very dull and dry , but it is also totally lacking in any kind of style or art . The dialogue is simply dreadful , the character development is nonexistent , and the story is pointless and not at all well structured . The fact that this alleged `` novel '' is really a collection of short stories is readily apparent , as there is no cohesion and very poor correlation between sections . This is not memorable writing in any way and it has no redeeming qualities as a work of literature . In fact , the only time I should ever like to mention it again is as an example of poor writing , atrocious story-telling , and science-fiction that is totally wanting for any kind of inspiration . ...
 Recently finding myself with a lot of time on my hands after having just graduated school , I started picking up and reading a lot of the `` greatest '' works of science fiction . After having noticed all the editorials , reviews , and awards attributed to the Foundation series , I did n't hesitate to order all the books in the series . What a mistake ! I 'm not sure what people are seeing in these novels , but in no way do they even come close to approaching some of the other hallmarks of sci-fi , like Dune , Ender 's Game , you name it . This book has a semi-interesting setup about trying to preserve civilization during a coming galactic dark age , but beyond that the book devolves into stupid scenario after scenario about how the Foundation is threatened but through the citizens ' skill -LRB- i.e. sheer stupidity and dumb luck -RRB- they manage to somehow make it through the crisis only to face another yawner a few pages later . In between each crisis numerous years elapse , so by the time Asimov sets up the next unrelated crises , the entire cast of characters changes -- you barely have time to figure out their names much less get to know any person in significant detail.This series of books did nothing but put me to sleep on multiple occassions when normally if a book is good I 'll stay up all night to finish it . My advice is to steer well clear from this series and try one of the other highly rated sci-fi books out there -- there are so many others that would be far preferable .
 I can understand why this book is considered one of the best science fiction books ever written , especially considering the time period it was written in . It has a very interesting concept of destination and cause and effect -LRB- although it is weak in execution and very weak in explanation -RRB- . For these reasons and other I should only give this book a one star , but instead I gave it two and I will explain why later.There is almost zero character development in this book . The extremely short chapters jump thirty years to eighty years and more between chapters . Almost every `` book '' within this book has a new set of characters with only a few references of the `` heroes '' from the previous `` books . '' At times , this makes for very confusing reading because I had no idea who the new people were in the successive chapters.As mentioned in the title , this book suffers greatly from the Superman sydrome . By this I mean that you know the outcome before the events have unfolded . Superman ca n't be beat -LRB- except for by Doomsday in the comics but he comes back anyway -RRB- and therefor when watching the movies you know he wins . So there just has to be more elaborate plans and more complex ways of defeating him but he still will win . The same is true with the foundation . Harry Seldon , the prophet who esentially created the foundation , knew what was going to happen because he could see the future . Every `` book '' in `` Foundation '' will ultimately see the Foundation as the victor , so there just must be more complex problems arising , but of course the Foundation will ultimately prevail . And in this book , the problems are not really that complex , just different social economies arising to counter the previously established social economy that prevailed in the previous `` book . '' I can only imagine that in the later books the problems will get ridiculously complex - maybe even too complex for enjoyment.Because this book has almost zero characterization and is very predictable I would give this book one star , but instead I gave it two . The reason for this is because I have read the backs of the other books in the Foundation series and other reviews of them and I am interested in the storyline . I want to read about the Mule in Foundation and Empire , and I want to read about Earth in Foundations Edge . If not for that this book would recieve a one star rating from me and I would also never recommend this book or ever pick it up again.It may be a classic , but it 's not that great . It 's not great at all .
 I only recently read this so called masterpiece . I even went do far as to order the special complete edition from the Science Fiction Book Club . Even though I got through it I can not believe all of the outstanding reviews and awards this series has received . No characters , no science , no mystery -LRB- who coul n't figure out the identitiy of the Mule ? -RRB- . In addition the story is basically one of the collapse of the Roman Empire . It probably could have been rewritten replacing historical language instead of spacefare and it would not have mattered in the slightest . The only science fictional element was Psychohistory which is not developed at all due to the nature of the plot . If this is a classic , I shall stick to more obscure and worthwhile reads . Blech .
 I just finished reading Foundation and was extremely disappointed . Maybe I was expecting too much , something grander along the line of the Dune series . But the book in of itself is an extreme disappointment . I realize Asimov was young -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he wrote this , but his style leaves a lot to be desired . I 'll take an early Arthur C. Clarke book over Asimov anyday . This is the first book by Asimov I 've read and I 'm not sure I want to read another . His style is very dialoge driven with very few , if any , detail given to what the characters think . Everyone is very two-dimensional . And he never describes any of the scenes were all of this dialog takes place . Part of the interest in science-fiction is exploring new places , seeing different things . This entire story could have taken place on an empty stage . In fact , it seems like it 's written more for a play than a novel . As for the story , it starts out interestingly enough . The Empire is going to crumble and to avoid thousands of years of dark-ages , a Foundation is set up to preserve the past learnings of the Empire . Well , that 's what the original thought was at least . Soon we discover there 's an alternate motive to this . Once we learn of this motive , the story goes straight downhill . Asimov skips decades from one page to another . Characters are introduced that we know pratically nothing about , and he never tells us anything about them . I 've read history books that had more character development than he gives the people in this book . By the time I got to the end I found myself saying `` So what '' ? Am I supposed to continue on reading this series because it 's been called a `` classic '' . I 've seen the word `` classic '' thrown around a little too much sometimes . This is defintely one of those times .
 December 2008
 There are a few decent things here , for example the author 's idea of your stock portfolio as inventory in your personal business , but there is too much pretense at telling the reader Wall Street `` secrets '' , and not enough hard analysis . And even the inventory metaphor falls down
 Ridiculously hard to follow the random thoughts of Mr. Selengut . The constant questions and change of font made it even more strange . Reminded me of teachers I had that may have KNOWN the subject but could n't TEACH it at all .
 This book is very well written , and the logic and analysis seem sound . I 'm sure this is an excellent strategy for range bound markets which need a sound trading strategy . It probably is not as good in bull markets because you 'll have a very small selection universe , and stocks left behind in a bull market usually deserve to be left behind.The real danger is a bear market . You 'll have many good stocks to choose from and will quickly fill your portfolio . Then you 'll have the displeasure of watching your equity constantly decline . Your working capital wo n't decline , but it no longer has any rational relation to the value of your account . If you 're young and can wait it out , you 'll probably do okay , but older investors wo n't be able to handle the draw down . Being fully invested with no hedge during a bear market is very painful.If you have a defensive strategy for bear markets , this book can be useful once the bear hibernates . You must beware of the bear ; unfortunately , this book wo n't protect you from becoming bear food .
 After a time of playing cat-and-mouse , Annis and Adam are caught in a compromising situation and are forced to wed. . They 've both been married before . He deeply loved his first wife , whom he married quite young . Annis fears remarriage because she was practically held prisoner by her first husband who controlled every aspect of her life . Not only does Annis have to fight her fears regarding marriage , but she also must deal with the inadequacies she feels because Adam now faces a marriage that is not based on love . On top of all that , Annis must chaperone two difficult young women , and the folks nearby are near rioting over another landowner 's unfair practices . Worse , Annis ' cousin works for the villain.All the ingredients for a first-rate novel are there
 This book was an enormous disappointment . Though it states it is a book for all ages , I would like to see my 25-65 year olds on my sales staffs , playing things like `` Rabbit & the Carrot '' or `` Magic Carpet Ride . '' This was for very young children , at best . Most of these games were not unique , creative , or interesting . A true waste of money .
 The book is okay , but there are some errors . Chapter 7 , page 123 , says that `` Protein synthesis begins with the transcription process '' . This becomes a quiz question at the end of Chapter 7 , but according to the quiz key in the book , the answer `` transcription '' is incorrect . Also , quiz question number 1 at the end of Chapter 7 also appears to give an incorrect answer -LRB- according to the quiz key -RRB- . Also , there seem to be more inconsistencies . So I am disappointed . Otherwise , if it were n't for these errors , this could be a great book - a five star instead of a two star .
 This book is nearly worthless . Large parts of it are just lists of organisms and there are frequent grammatical errors , typos , misspellings . It 's clear it was written in a rush . The blurb on the back says `` lavishly illustrated '' which is a lie . All the illustrations , of which there are few , are not even B&W photos but line drawings , and not even very good ones at that . For example , The very first two , meant to illustrate two different organisms , are hard to tell apart . Save your money and buy something else .
 This could be a great book . A lot of wrong answers in the chapter quiz area . This could lead to a lot of confusion in a subject that is confusing enough on its own -LRB- that is why we bought the book in the first place ... right ? -RRB- .
 What a waste of paper . Nothing useful in here at all . This is more for a third grader than an adult taking a college course . Find a better book or you will be sorrowfully disappointed .
 I had seen this authors ' works offered for free on the Kindle page and since the price was right downloaded two of them . I was happily reading `` The Lamp In The Desert '' when I got to location 2458-61 , and there in the middle of the page was the `` N '' word . Now I realize these books were written in a different time , and people had different morals and people were unenlightened , my problem now is , do I want to read a book written by someone so obviously contemptuous of me , no matter what decade the writer lived and worked in ? I think the answer is NO ! I was truly enjoying the book up until location 2458-61 , and had even gone so far as to call my sister and recommend them to her . I am truly trying to be a bigger person and but I can not truly support people who do not respect me . I am deleting this book and the `` Rosa Mundi and Other Stories '' today . Life is hard enough and I should n't have to fell insulted by something I bring into my home for pleasure . Sorry Ethel , ya got ta go !
 This book was a major disappointment for me . Bette was a very annoying character . She reminded me to much of Chloe 's mother in the first book . Also this book did not seem a little bit cheesy to me . The fact that they decided to make Bette a spy just adds to how cheesy that this book is . The beginning and end of the book were wonderful , but the middle was very disappointing .
 How did this collection of letters make it to print ... when there are scores of personalities whose letters I 'd love to read in a collection that have n't ? These letters are very boring and he did not write to many notable people -LRB- a few to McCartney , Lennon and Olivier -RRB- . Before you read about a theater critic , read what William Goldman said in his legendary book about Broadway THE SEASON , in the chapter titled `` The Approvers . '' That tells you all about theater critics you need to know . THEN you can decide whether to read this one of Tynan 's letters . I do n't think this book would have made it to print if Tynan 's wife had n't been shoving it down publisher 's and editor 's throats . Dull , dull , dull , except for about five of the letters .
 This is an updated publication of a c. 1980 text . It is very informative on the properties of fuel alcohol and the different raw material possibilities . It also explains in some detail how to make ethanol on the farm-scale from improvised DIY equipment.It would benefit from a more up-to-date context and a slightly more commercial orientation , in my opinion .
 I would not recommend this book . Anyone looking into alternative fuel should consider biodiesel , or electric power . Ethanol is a waste . Anyway , this book provides some useless diagrams of how to not make a still at home .
 the book came highly recommended , but it didnt humor me and I couldnt warm up to the authors style of writing . bored me too ... sadly gave up half way into it .
 From a woman who sold out her body ages ago and now attempts to be a partisan hack , and poorly at that . Why anyone would want to wipe their feet on this dirty carpet is beyond me . Not worth the time it took to phone in sex .
 Not very useful . Perhaps too high a level for a layman like me . Seems to be written for a serious student of Buddism .
 I know the whole point of `` dummie '' and `` KISS '' books is that they are supposed to be easy for anyone to understand but this book was too simple -- too basic . I read a chapter and could hardly bear to invest anymore time in it since the information was so sparse . If I had n't gotten this book for a steal I would have been very upset at my waste of money . There was just no real information . What a waste .
 I bought this book two months ago ... It 's outdated.It might include the information you are looking for , but at a very basic level . I went with the `` Undestanding Exposure '' by Bryan Peterson , and with `` The Digital Photography '' . Both have outstanding reviews ... and these will do the trick teaching you what you need to know to take great/almost pro photos ...
 I 'm sure at the time of its original publication , this book was groundbreaking since prescription drug withdrawal was only then becoming acknowledged.I , too , have been through the mental health system and the luck of the draw with doctors and therapists that still exists today in the psychiatric industry . I received conflicting diagnoses , was overmedicated , found good doctors and bad ones , good therapists and bad.However , even having been through the system in a method somewhat familiar to the author 's , I still found this book very repetitive and drawn out . The first bit moved quickly , but once the author started talking about her hospitalization in Six North , the book seemed to take FOREVER and a day to end . I started and stopped it so many times . It just seemed to be going over the same territory again and again . There are better memoirs highlighting the flaws of the mental health system in America.If you must read this book , I 'd check it out at a library and save the money . I certainly wish I had .
 Could n't agree more w / Prendergast 's review concerning the laughable typos . I thought the proof reader or editor of the version I had must be abusing drugs themselves ! How distracting to read a so called `` classic '' and find it reading like a HS sophomore paper - and a drunk sophomore at that ! I somehow managed to finish the book , but came on Amazon immediately following it to see if others read the same erroneous version . Weird . Typos , poor punctuation , etc. ruined it for me .
 I did n't care for this book at all - in fact , I stopped reading it several times because it droned on and on about the writer 's depression - so much so , it made me depressed ! I wanted to read about her recovery - and after more than half of the book behind me , I was still looking for that . I would n't recommend this book to anyone !
 She seemed to be `` ill '' when it was convenient for her . All I kept thinking about was how she should have thanked her lucky stars that she and her family could afford all that treatment.I really kind of wanted to smack her and say Snap out of it !
 This book was really dry ... there were a couple interesting moments but most of the book was a lot of unnecessary words . This is one of the very few books that I did n't finish !
 As someone who has personally been going through an absolutely hellish withdrawal from Valium over the past two years , I was hoping this book would provide a relatable story , one of struggle , hope , and recovery . But this book is more like a 330 page cathartic tale of a privileged woman 's struggle with her `` inner demons '' from a past that is not all that atypical or wrought with trauma . I wanted to shake her and tell her that her wild depersonalization and neurological symptoms were caused by VALIUM WITHDRAWAL , not by the fact that her father was unavailable or her mother was too involved in her life -LRB- cry me a river -RRB- . She drifts along throughout this book , buying in to the absolute nonsense being fed to her by the same psychiatric industry that got her hooked on pills , took her off cold turkey , and eventually landed her in a mental hospital . I was about to rip my hair out at the descriptions of the back-and-forth dialogues with her therapist , repeating cliches like `` you have to trust yourself to love , '' all the while she is spending her time boozing it up with her friends or living off coffee and cigarettes in the psych ward . When she has a horrible wave , probably caused by all the alcohol she is consuming -LRB- or the natural course of benzo withdrawal -RRB- , she is told that it 's caused by her fear of being alone or by her inability to `` trust herself , '' whatever the heck that means . Give me a break.The psychiatric community is in the dark ages in 2011 when is comes to the dangers of Valium and other benzodiazepines so I can only imagine what things were like 30 + years ago . For this reason , I do have a lot of sympathy for Barbara Gordon and what she went through . However , this book is completely outdated and not very helpful to someone struggling with this horrid affliction today . It could even be dangerous for a person who reads this book and thinks that it 's OK to keep on chugging their booze or becomes convinced that all their withdrawal symptoms exist because of some deep-seeded emotional issues as opposed to the profound changes made in their brains as a result of prolonged benzo usage . We are very vulnerable in the throws of benzo withdrawal and we are likely to believe all kinds of nonsense.My suggestion to anyone thinking about reading this book for support or encouragement during benzodoazepine withdrawal is to go pick up a copy of Baylissa Frederick 's `` Benzowise '' instead . This is a modern , informed tale of a woman who went through this hell , her coping techniques , and her eventual recovery . I would also recommend that you stop drinking alcohol , see a therapist to help you cope with the trauma of what you are experiencing , meditate , pray , eat good food , and accept that this could take a long time but that you will eventually recover and get your life back . This book will not be helpful for someone trying to cope with the symptoms of a difficult withdrawal .
 Not sure exactly what went wrong here - but this version of the book is RIDDLED with laughable typos . Horrible punctuation , missing words , random periods thrown in everywhere . `` ERIC '' becomes `` ERIE '' throughout . What the hell ? Was this reprinted by monkeys?DONT BUY THIS VERSION .
 When written , this books topic was well known . Individuals and styles of communication were well understood.With time , the people and places Con Price refers to are only familiar to a few local individuals-and only important in regards to this fund of knowledge.I am currently working with Dr. William Thackery of MSU-Northern , Havre , Montana to upgrade and update the book and subscript the text for improved reading , relevance , and accuracy . Once done this text may be a leading contribution to the history of Montana and Southern Alberta.Yours , Ruth M. Burleigh P.O.Box 608 Chinook , Montana 59523 -LRB-406-RRB-357-4255
 I was very disappointed in this book . I have found shop set up for effecient layout and dust collection to be the most important aspects of my woodworking . I am always looking for new and innovative ways to be as effecient and effective in these areas . I could find no difference in this book and the earlier version it replaces . Even the photos are same outdated photos that appear to be taken in the late 70 's used in the 2001 release . Please , Taunton , do n't insult your readers by continuing to regurgitate the same information with a shiny new label in an attempt to sell more books . Please strive to produce new and relevant photos and information . Your books and magazines are already some of the most expensive , it would be nice if the quality matched .
 Lots of great ideas for those with unlimited budgets . Many of the suggestions are not within the economic means for those thinking about setting up a shop ; although the author includes many photo 's for the `` Dream '' shop . Most references to tools include equipment that costs $ 1,000 's -LRB- or more ! -RRB- . Lot 's of fluff from the author and plentiful color photos of shop layouts , tools , and equipment that the average `` Joe '' would spend decades purchasing . Not too much `` practical '' information about `` The Practical Guide to Designing and Building Your Dream Shop '' . Definately a dream .
 This is a beautiful book and terrific fun for a woodworker to read for enjoyment , but it 's short on specific solutions . Attempting to be all things to all woodworkers , it is of little value to anyone -- except to spark the imagination . The best part of the book are the beautiful photos that peek inside the workshops of great artisans around the country . But if you seek step-by-step advice , look elsewhere .
 Fairly poor . Lots of photos of badly set up shops , and ego-stroking of the shop owners , but no guidance on how to lay out a shop well .
 The best thing I found in this book is the picture on the cover . Well , actually the uncropped version in chapter 5 . Beyond that , I found everything else to be non-practical from a design perspective . A photo of a filthy dust collector area when discussing the advantages of central collection or electrical wiring that would never pass inspection is typical . I 'd rather see plan views of real shops that work with reasons for the decisions made .
 There are parts in the book that start to bore you at times . T.H. White puts anachronisms to make it more interesting . The book was not very thrilling . The book can seem like it is never ending . But I 'd say that this book is plain boring . It does have some adventure . I did not like it . I DONT RECCOMEND IT !
 Well iu thin that this book should 've had a first book . Its very confusing and boring its so long I did not like it !!!!!!!!!!!
 This was the absolute WORST book that I have ever read . It the dullest , most boring thing since I learned algebra . After the first chapter , I already wanted to kill myself . But I gave it another chance . And another , and another , and another . I was continually dissapointecd . DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS ABORATION OF A BOOK !
 In a discussion with a friend about fantasy books , he recommended The Sword in the Stone by T.H. White . He said it was a classic piece of fantasy and that I needed to read it . Obviously , I had heard the title before , but aside from that , I knew basically nothing about the book . I was hoping to read something great - and in White 's defense , maybe the book is great , but it 's not at all what I was expecting and because of that I was sorely disappointed . T.H. White 's `` The Sword in the Stone '' is a children 's book . Despite that , it 's a tough read both because it takes place in a medieval time period , and because the book itself was written -LRB- I 'm assuming based on its first copyright date -RRB- back in 1939 . For my tastes , the book is slow , uninteresting , and a chore to read . I suspect that this exact telling of the story is the basis for Disney 's children 's movie by the same title.If you 're looking for a child 's story and do n't mind the antiquated language , then you may enjoy the book . If you 're a fan of current fantasy and are looking for something to read , I do n't know that I could recommend the book .
 I thought that The Sword in the Stone was a good book but was very , very unexciting book . It had a plot line that was uneventful and I lost interest constantly . The book had a good idea behind it but the final result was rushed and in need of detail . The book started out nice and slow describing life in the middle ages but as the middle to the end comes along , the best parts seem to leave as fast as they come . Wart , the main character , was seemed to be too childish for his age and his upbringing . He is constantly making choices that cause the book to loose its charm and originality . Merlin has a certain appeal to him and does not and is not getting the attention and time he disserves . Through out the plot line there was description -LRB- a little bit here a little bit there -RRB- and they were very good . But you ca n't make a good book on a couple of good parts . The middle ages theme was great and I thought it gave it some spunk , The author tells mindlessly of every thing of a young boys life in the middle ages . During the book there was some parts that were not rushed - and almost dragged out - but otherwise were not in enough detail for you to get the picture and understand it fully . In conclusion I think that The Sword in the Stone had the right though but was too rushed to its point across .
 The Childhood of a Legendary KingThe tale of King Arthur 's youth is an enthralling one . The Sword in the Stone explains King Arthur 's youth throughout the book . His name is Wart in the book > From the adventures he takes with the other legends and queens to the learning experiences he has as animals , you wo n't want to put it down.What makes this book unique is Warts learning experience . He changes into four animals and he turns invisible by Merlin , Warts tutor . The adventures he goes on are amazing . He goes to a giants castle and goes to Morgan le Fay 's castle to rescue Friar Tuck . Coming out they had to fight big bird-lion things . The book had no real conflicts.I do n't really like reading , but this book is interesting . If you like fantasies then you would like this book . The reason is that he changes into different animals , turns invisible , and fights monsters . It is for readers 13 + .
 This book was a WASTE OF MY SUMMER VACATION ! I had to read it for school and I 'm going into 10th grade which does n't make any sense to me . The plot seemed to be directed at 4th graders but no 4th grader would understand the language . I might have given T.H. White a little more credit had this been entirely his creation , but he did n't make up the story ; it 's an Arthurian Legend -LRB- obviously -RRB- . He even stole some lines from Shakespeare ! All he did was write it , and the writing was unbearable . Unless you enjoy mind-numbing boredom , do n't waste your time on the Sword in the Stone .
 i thought this was the most boring uninteresting book i was ever fourced to read in enlish class , if it were up to me it wouldnt even get one star !!!!!!! If you are lucky enugh to have to option of not reading this book , u should take advantage of it
 I loved Carabee and Moghul , and I thought Samurai would be more historical fiction , but I was sadly disappointed . I got as far as the 50 % point having struggled in vain to understand all the financial concepts in which I was drowning and not giving a damn about any of the characters . And I quit !
 Hoover 's choice of international financial manipulation as subject matter for this novel is timely and raised my expectations . Instead most of the story is pulpy romance surrounding a contrived conflict between Japanese investors scheming to revive Imperial Japan and American regulators intent on saving the free world . The only thing missing from this `` B '' grade movie plot are black and white hats to differentiate the bad guys from the good guys . Not at all what I had hoped for .
 I 've read several Bayer novels and enjoyed them very much . After hearing that this novel won an Edgar award I was eager to read it . Well ... that must have been a very thin year for Edgar nominees . This book was a severe letdown . Totally unbelievable and it got sillier and more ridiculous the more pages I read . Honestly , I ca n't believe Bayer would even want this one still in print . His other novels , and the ones he has written as David Hunt , are very good . But this one reads like the work of an amateur by comparison . Give it a miss .
 I tried to read this book when it first came out . I could n'tfinish it . There seem to be at least three themes or storylines in here struggling to get out . One seems to be a reasonably good alternative-history novel based on the idea that the pirate subculture of the 1700s might have formed a revolutionary constitutional regime . Unfortunately , this quickly becomes mixed up with maundering about certain ancient `` cities of the red night '' and a very great deal of homosexual imagery and fantasy . As the book goes on -LRB- as far as I read it , anyway -RRB- the main storyline becomes increasingly lost . I ultimately found it both distasteful and so muddled as to not be worth it .
 If you read the Beats and about the Beats , you 're eventually going to come to William S. Burroughs . He 's very much a voice of the 1950s , post World War II . He was into the drugs , longer and harder and deeper than anyone else . He was into shocking the squares and living off the pathetic working class zombies . And it 's all there on the page , man . A strong , unique voice that is still imitated decades later.Unfortunately for those of us living in the twenty-FIRST century , it 's about as relevant as fins on cars . It 's convoluted , drug paranoia with a created mythology about time and space travel that 's all about shocking images of sex and death . It 's not a story .
 I 've never read anything by William S Borroughs , and after finishing `` Cities Of The Red Night '' I do n't believe I ever will again ! What a strange befuddling mess , I challenge * anyone * to be able to summarize the plot of this book for me in plain-sense English language and actually make sense . This is just a loosely-explained collection of obtuse imagery , bizarre symbolism , wandering prose , distracted dialog , and puzzling language in here ... I actually wonder what brand of illicit substances the author was under the influence of when he farted out this novel . IT JUST DOES N'T MAKE ANY SENSE !!! That and you can hardly go a page or two without reading about either 1 -RRB- shirtless adolescent boys , 2 -RRB- opium , or 3 -RRB- compulsive sodomy . So despite the mass confusion of his prose , I 'd say # 's 1 and 3 above are why I gave the book two stars instead of just one . Cheers !
 There are times when you know something is probably good and you know others think its probably good and for some reason , you should probably read that something but no matter how many times you try , you just ca n't ever get over the mind-f *** that ensues . And yes , there are good mind-f *** s but sometimes , there are also bad mind-f *** s . This one is a terrible mind-f *** . The premise is awesome
 This book is not one that you quickly get through . It is very slow and dull in both story content and happenings involved . I would not and have not recommended the book since I purchased it . Actually , I threw the copy I purchased out because I did not want to subject anyone else to the boredom ! If you are one that likes slow moving and unreadable books , then this is the one for you . I did not find it the list bit funny or have any true emotion over the book at all -- except for the fact that it is a waste of money !
 I liked Rashel and Quinn , they really go together . It was cool how she hunted down vampires and killed them . I loved it when they burned down the house .
 Ugh , I do n't get it how all these people can like Rashel . To me she was an extremely annoying person because it always seemed like she was bragging about her `` amazing fighting abilities '' . Also , she would always make these `` quips '' that were supposed to make her seem tough , impressive , and heroic but just made me feel like once again she was being annoying . The bad thing is that she is like this the entire book . The book has a nice plot and everything but if I ca n't stand the main character then that just ruins everything . Sorry .
 The author points out that this series of crimes is of little importance and has largely been forgotten . It will remain so .
 This is just a chapter of the Volume 4 . Do not buy it and save your money . These sellers are so clever that they give no mention of the pages -- hence fooling us into buying these thinking them to be books . Go buy the book -- The emergence of Industrial Societies .
 My review is not about the book . This is one of my textbooks I needed for my course and I was glad that Amazon had it in stock . However I chose to pay highest shiping amount to express delivery for next day , -LRB- which happens to be Saturday -RRB- so that I have time to review chapter before school started , it did not arrive that Saturday . What is purpose was next day delivery if you do n't receive the product on time ? I think I paid about $ 25 for one book when there was an option to receive Monday delivery for much less -LRB- $ 10 , I think -RRB- . The book arrived on Monday after my school started and I did not have a book to take to school . Amazon owes me money !
 Although this is a good collection of Poe 's short stories , the pages crisp and the typeface clear , THE TYPE ITSELF IS VERY , VERY , VERY SMALL ! I am getting older , but do not need glasses yet and I can hardly read a word or two before my eyes begin to cross ! I do n't understand book manufacturers anymore . Either the typeface is illegible , the paper so poor that all the letters blot together , or the print is teenie tiny . Are n't books supposed to be read ? Also , something strange , the chapters arent seperated . One story runs into the next without starting a new page .
 The spiral binding on this book is it 's only positive.I have n't found a single thing in this book I would like to stitch . The graphs are done with colored Xs which make it difficult to distinguish between similar colors , and to imagine what the finished product will look like . The colors are not given in Anchor or DMC format , but in other numbers that you then have to look up the DMC or Anchor numbers in the back . Finally there are very few designs for each category . For example , there are only about four or five small pages of Christmas designs . Christmas is a very large subject to design from . Did they run out of ideas ? Rather than this book , buy the Better Homes and Gardens 2000 Cross Stitch Designs . There are so many more designs for many more topics , and stitched pictures are given so you know what you 'll be working on .
 Others may like this book but I did not.For me , `` The Pro
 OUR TEACHER MRS GREEN MADE US READ IT AND WE HAD TO DO A BOOK REPORT ABOUT IT!IT SUCKS !!!!!!!!
 For the first hundred or so pages of `` In The Beginning , '' I thought I was reading a novel about a boy growing up in New York City during the Depression . Then it became a book about his obsessive passion for studying Talmud . I found myself reading a book about someone else reading books , an experience rather dry and insular.David Lurie is a bright but sickly child who observes and questions everything , beginning with a photograph showing his father and family friends back in Poland . They appear armed . Why ? And why is his father so angry , and why do so many of the non-Jews of his Bronx neighborhood hate him ? His questioning , it turns out , is the mark of great brilliance which will blossom in the form of Talmudic scholarship and a hunger for learning beyond what is taught in his synagogue.Published in 1975 , `` In The Beginning '' works the same ground as Potok 's earlier , more celebrated novel , `` The Chosen . '' David , like Danny Saunders in `` The Chosen , '' is a prodigy of dazzling intellect who struggles with the pain of what to do with his preternatural talent . The main difference is David is n't Hasidic like Danny . `` The Chosen '' works as a story of friendship , of spiritual triumph , even - metaphorically - of Israel 's birth . `` In The Beginning '' as a story is n't as simple , or as broadly compelling once it starts to take form . This time Potok bores in more specifically on conflictive elements of the Jewish experience , including American anti-Semitism , the Holocaust , and the challenge of observance amid growing unbelief . You do n't have to be Jewish to enjoy `` The Chosen . '' `` In The Beginning '' is less ecumenical.It 's also not much fun . There are no baseball games here , or sportive or romantic diversions of any kind . David is written as a superkid when it comes to learning , which is fine , but he seems to lack for a life . By age ten he is already reading Talmudic scholars in multiple languages , and killing himself with sleepless study . The fate of his faith , it seems , rests on his small shoulders . `` Davey eats books , '' as his brother puts it , and his conversations center around how this ancient scholar disagrees with that scholar , or mistranslates some Biblical verse.A little later , David explains his need not only to study Talmud , but pore over the learning until he can visualize it . `` I think you want too much , '' his father says . `` You are only eleven . `` The novel also suffers from a repetitious formula . Davey gets sick . Davey has visions and fantasias connected with the plight of the Jews . Davey recovers , and performs great feats . This repeats all the way through to the end.The first hundred or so pages are n't great , but they do set the book up in such a way I was left wanting more than I got . Potok was a masterful word painter , and his simple declarative phrases craft a kind of lived-in world you feel as much as read . There 's an old man sitting by a stoop , his palsied hands shaking in the sun . There 's a goat in the zoo who lets little Davey pet its bristly chin . David 's father agonizes about having brought so many of his fellow Poles to America only to mire them in the Great Depression , not realizing of course the fact that getting them out of Poland has saved their lives . Then the reading begins , and the story 's focus narrows to a pinpoint.For Potok , the fate of the Jews in Poland must have mattered more than telling a story of a David Copperfield in the yeshiva . `` In The Beginning '' reflects this , and you ca n't disagree with the author 's sense of priorities . But I was left wanting for the immersive outreach and cleaner narrative structure Potok had proved himself able to deliver .
 `` The Frozen Republic '' mixes insight and good research with extreme-leftist beliefs and blindness to the failures of 20th-century socialism . The mixture is unsatisying.He starts with some facts
 Lazare 's own politics are extremely pro-socialist , and in `` The Frozen Republic '' he lists problems with the Constitution and a few Constitutional crises and then uses them to justify a need for a socialist government.Not only is the logic of his argument entirely faulty ; in addition , he frequently takes time out from his main thesis to criticize and caricature various moderate or conservative historical figures -LRB- Jefferson , Reagan , Ford , Bork , Blackstone , Burke , etc. -RRB- for little reason , apparently , other than his own dislike.Lazare 's argument misunderstands the clearly-stated intent of the Constitution
 Daniel Lazare seems to know little of history and less of humannature . The government of the United States is a representativerepublic ; rule by law -- not the mob rule of democracy . The basic premise of this book seems to be that _ GOVERNMENT _ is somehow touched by God . He seems to believe that the individuals that make up government would be able to create paradise on earth if only they were n't hampered by outmoded concepts like laws and rules.The Federal Government is not perfect . It is not supposed to be . NOR is it supposed to be efficient and streamlined . It is deliberately designed so that no one is _ in charge _ ; allowing individuals to get on with their lives with the minimum possible interference . The idea that individuals , merely because they have a laminated US Gov. ID , are somehow more moral , ethical and honest than those without such imprimatur is completely divorced from reality . You only have to watch the physical battles -LRB- fists , guns and knives -RRB- among parliamentarians in various parts of the world to see that being a government official conveys no especial virtue.The illogic , distortions and poor scholarship make this book a painful read . This book gets one star ONLY because there is nothing lower .
 Definitely an interesting book , but `` not quite there . '' Lazare 's understanding of the strucutrual problems as they relate to the Constitution and slavery was very good , and , indeed , many on both the pro-slavery and abolitionist side argued against the Constitution as it stood.Where Lazare goes wrong is in the later years . His analysis of the drug war and the government policies that , in effect , subsidized suburbia , were both good , but not really having anything to do with the Constitution , either that I could judge or he could coherently argue . His overarching strucutural approach led him to see a systemic failure when others may see only a failure of policy . To impute the former from the latter simply begs the question.I 'm also not sure why he thinks that government would become more progressive as a result of a more powerful House of Representatives . The notion that many different groups have varied , legitimate , but ultimately incommensurate views regarding what government can and should do presents a blindspot for Lazare . To take his example of the drug war , while it is true that medical marijuana resolutions do well , very few politicians , other than New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson have been elected on a pro-legalization platform . If anything , the prevailing rhetoric has been to get `` tough on crime . '' Yet , Lazare thinks that more direct democracy can and will lead to greater progressivism . Maybe we 're better with checks and balances . Also worth noting is that a lot of the strength of American Democracy is that , to use the hoary old cliche , it 's a republic of laws , not men . An overarching legal framework has some value , then.Interestingly , some issues where the Constitution , at least as presently interpreted , may present issues he 'd want to discuss , went missing . No real discussion of Campaign finance appeared , and he did not mention voter turnout , once . Does low voter turnout have anything to do with the Constituion ? Well , not really , unless you want to use Lazare 's ideology , in which the lack of good public transit does . Nevertheless , these strike me as the real issues facing American democracy , but they do n't require constitutional overhaul to address.I also think he does himself a disservice by not really considering any prevailing theories of jurisprudence other than the bi-poles of William O. Douglas and Robert Bork . He also takes Bork 's strict constructionism at face value , which is , while unfortunate , does serve his ultimate project . `` The Frozen Republic '' is intersting in parts , but really , he 's stretching quite a bit to make his criticisms of present policy and discourses a systemic attack on the Constitution , qua constitution .
 I downloaded the sample and could barely get though the first chapter . The authors writing felt very juvenile and kept mixing American with London slang . Honestly , it was the dumbest book I 've tried to read in a long time . At least download the sample first .
 I love all of Sophie Kinsella 's books and her writing style ... but this book was awful . The story line was predictable and the writing flat and unoriginal . Makes you wonder if this was truly written by Kinsella or a way for a ghost writer to get started under her ` new ' pen name . I do n't plan on buying anymore Madeline Wickham books -- stick to the original Kinsella , where I have n't been disappointed yet .
 I was so disappointed with this book ! I 'm a huge fan of Sophie Kinsella 's books under the name SK and have read all of them many times , but this was the first book I 'd read written under her name Madeleine Wickham . I thought the story was incredibly boring . There is no humor and no one is remotely witty ! The characters were all one-dimensional and not lovable at all like her other female heroines . Nothing happened and the pace was unbearably slow . I plan to read other books under the name Madeleine Wickham because the woman herself is a fabulous writer , but I did n't see her regular spark in Cocktails for Three at all .
 OK . I picked this up as a light weekend read , not expecting `` War and Peace '' but something fun.This book was as trite as a 1970s Harlequin romance . By the end of the first chapter , I had predicted the character development and plot twists to the very last page . The characters were horribly stereotypical and one-dimenensional . The `` nice girl '' , the evil vengenful `` psycho-girl '' , the `` I 've having an affair with a married man and want some permanence in my life , girl '' , the `` torn between job vs family girl '' . . I could go on forever ... The only thing that kept me reading to the end was to find out if my predictions panned out.Also any author who uses the word `` frission '' twice in 10 pages should be locked in a room and required to read Strunk 's `` Elements of Style '' until they learn to write beyond a 10 grade level.All in all a waste of my time and the author 's .
 I could n't get into this one . I felt the story was lacking and dragging on . I did n't get through half of it before I gave up .
 This book is formatted horribly for the Kindle ! Never once was the word `` pleasure '' spelled out as one word . `` Plea sure '' ? Is that a British thing ? Many many words where there were mysterious hyphens , words broken into syllables `` so ci a ble '' was one . Does n't anyone proofread this stuff?Spoiler alert
 I loved all of Sophie Kinsella 's books . This book is definitely not as good as the Shopaholic Series . The characters are n't really well-defined , the plot meanders at the end . You can avoid this book and not miss much .
 I am a huge fan of Sophie Kinsella and normally love her books under the name of Madeline Wickham , too . This book , however , drove me nuts ! I only made it about 1/4 of the way through before I returned it to the store - luckily I had n't cracked the spine , and they took it back and refunded my money . This book is so terrible that I could n't even make it past the first 1/4 of it - the characters were horrible , shallow people , and the plot is so see-through . Clearly , this book is one of Sophie 's earlier works - the `` plot '' is terrible . Do n't waste your money - do n't take a chance in case you crack the spine - you wo n't be able to return it ! Spend your money on one of Sophie Kinsella 's novels instead - `` Remember Me '' is hysterical and a great , easy read . `` Cocktails for 3 '' is painful trash .
 Picked this up to read on the beach . My criteria in this genre is that it has to entertain me while I work on my tan . Even horrible books fulfill this , if they manage to get me to turn the pages . In a way , Cocktails for Three managed this feat as well , as I was turning each page waiting for one of the three women to exhibit some form of development . Nada . It was really a disaster of a book in this case . Over 300 pages , it is nice to see a character grow . Instead , everything wrapped up and we were really no different off than we were on page one.Let 's start with Roxanne . She was agonizing over how much longer she wanted to be `` the other woman '' in her long time affair with a married man . In the end , it was over because he was dying and wanted to live out his days with his wife . Not because Roxanne got some self esteem and realized that she deserved more . Not because she got any moral pangs about what she was doing . It just ended in the most contrived way possible . What did Roxanne learn from the situation ? Instead , she 's going to be mourning for the lover that she thought was dumping her , but was really just dying instead . I feel bad for the next in line of her relationships , because she 's going to have a load of issues . Luckily , for you men out there , she 's fictional.Candice . I just did n't get her . The whole plot with her getting taken advantage of and screwed over by a girl seeking revenge was actually one of the better parts of this book . You knew the girl was up to something right away , but it was fun watching it play out . What I really hated about Candice were the constant anti-capitalism/consumer remarks she made throughout the whole book . Things along the line of whining to her neighbor that he should n't be taking a paid leave of absence from work when there are people unemployed , or that he should sell his house out in the country because some people are homeless . Where was that attitude when she was hanging out with her friend Maggie , who had a 20 acre estate ? Or when the girls were out at the very posh Manhattan Bar , ordering drinks that probably were 8 quid a piece or something outrageous ? And finally , if the author wanted us to believe that Candice had this selfless attitude where she wanted to help everyone , having her fall for neighbor AFTER she found out he drove an expensive car and was wealthy is n't a way to reinforce her supposed lack of materialism . It 's almost as if some of these things were thrown in as an afterthought.And finally , there is Maggie . As a career woman , I can understand the lack of desire to be a stay-at-home mom . However , I do n't think I can emphazize with the character . Maybe , if we were just once shown that Maggie had any feelings of love towards her own child , I could relate . But all of her struggles were her own doing because she was afraid of perception . She was n't ever worried that she was n't doing enough for her daughter , but rather that people would think she was n't such a superwoman afterall . Yes , Maggie . You probably are better off in the office . I disliked the way she just announced to her husband that they were moving back to London . Great communication there , hun . After moaning about how you never agreed with the choice in the first place , maybe you would have treated your husband with the respect you wish you had been treated with . Nope . Instead she does him just like he did her . There really was no maturity with this woman . And I want to pretend that I did n't read the page where she was really judgemental of the other neighborhood mom , calling her a `` stepford mum '' . It 's so obnoxious when women in powerful positions have no other way to enjoy that power than by letting the world know that she is better than another woman who did not choose her path.OK , so I 'm a little bit annoyed by a Sunday afternoon beach read . But for my $ 11 and 300 pages , I do expect just a little bit of actual writing ability . I will not be sampling any of the shopoholic series .
 Three ladies who make sure to have a meeting of the minds every month . The general theme of the book smells of Sex in the City , but for me that was an okay thing to go into as I loved the show -LRB- and plan to read the book -RRB- . So I had some good hopes going into the book . I also was excited because so far I have enjoyed the Shopaholic series , and this is the same Author , different name.Sadly the book did not live up to my hopes . While I love Sophie Kinsella but under the name Madeline Wickham she just falls flat . The book is not nearly as funny as the shopaholic series , and there just seems to be something else missing as well . The women in this book come off as just plain shallow to me . Where while our lovely Shopaholic has issues , she also shows she can be a good human . I just do n't see that in Three Cocktails , so in my humble opinion this is a big pass .
 First , I want to say that my heart goes out to the family of Dr. Eby who recently passed away.On the other hand , these kind of books should never be used to substitute scriptural truth . If I recall correctly , the Lord never admonished us to seek the `` unconfirmed '' experiences of man to validate his return . How could Dr. Eby possibly know when Jesus would come back as he claims and so many others have claimed -LRB- be it day , week , year , month , etc. -RRB- when Jesus said in his word that he did n't even have that answer ; only the heavenly father knows -LRB- Mt 24:36 -RRB- . I do n't care how you try to clean it up , when people make claims concerning any event and that event fails to happen by the time proclaimed that person has exposed themself as a false propeht.As human beings , we are always seeking signs and wonders to validate what God has already declared in his word -LRB- Mt 16:4 -RRB- . However , the scriptures are complete and final.People , stop tryng to validate God 's word and accept it by faith . Without which it is impossible to please God -LRB- Hebrews 11:6 -RRB- . We should live a life that is pleasing to Christ whether he comes back today , next year or a 100 years from now .
 Contrary to Dr. Eby 's claim , Jesus did NOT return in his -LRB- Eby 's -RRB- lifetime . FALSE PROPHET ALERT
 I went to hear Dr. Eby speak thirty years ago , and at the time I was quite impressed . I bought this book and quickly read it , and was deeply inspired.HOWEVER , I DO remember Dr. Eby quite confidently claim to say that Jesus told him that he would not die before Jesus returned . I remember how it struck me just like the promise that Simeon had about not dying before seeing the Messiah -LRB- which he did , when Jesus was presented in the Temple shortly after his birth . -RRB- This was not an isolated claim ; he made it several times , including shortly before his death in 2002 . On the basis of this FALSE claim -LRB- unless you believe that Jesus lied to him -RRB- , I can not recommend this book , no matter how `` inspiring '' it might be . Dr. Eby was a fraud , pure and simple , and a false prophet . To say otherwise is not to respect the facts .
 I did n't read the book . But , I heard Dr. Eby on the radio with Sid Roth long ago explain his adventure . This interview can now be heard on YouTube for all to review.While I think it 's quite possible that Dr. Eby had an experience of heaven - since it was apparently surrounded by supernatural healing - the subsequent experience he claims to have had with the Lord five years later has to be false.Sid Roth said , `` You are 79 years young . You believe that you 'll be alive when Messiah returns . '' Dr. Eby said , `` Only because the Lord told me that . Messiah declared an answer to one of my first questions ... later on ... five years later ... when he met me again to answer the questions that I wanted to know ... ' I am coming back so soon that you 'll still be alive ... you will still be out doing what I tell you , namely to tell people what I showed you in heaven and later on in Hell . ' He said , ` You will not die again because I allowed you to do it once . ' `` Dr. Eby died in 2002 . It 's hard to doubt a story by a man who apparently had such a miraculous healing , i.e. seeing heaven . Yet , it 's hard to understand why such a man would then tell such a tale that he would not die again . I do n't see how he can be considered a credible source .
 I saw D. Ebby 35 years ago on the 700 Club , wanted this book for all those years . It was brought to my attention by another minister of the gospel just recently . Saw it on Amazon and decided to buy it , it was inexpensive . The pages fell apart as I read the book , it was extremely frustrating but ? So enjoyable and encouraging , I was glad I bought it . I am going to look for the same book in better condition , just to reread or give to another to enjoy .
 I bought this for the Kindle and there is none of the modern text translation referred to by the other reviews . I am very disappointed because that is the only reason I purchased this book . They should not use printed version reviews for Kindle books .
 I am a high-school English teacher , and have been examining the various versions of electronic versions of Romeo and Juliet for my Kindle Fire . I am looking at readability of the text , quality of explanations , other additional features , and of course , price.While this version is a mere 99 cents , there are better 99 cent versions available . The best feature of this e-version is that there are links to each scene of the play , not just the act , and that there are line numbers on the page . There is annotation , but the layout of said notes is strange.The Prestwick version does have a very good introduction that gives some useful tips on how to read Shakespeare . This is probably the best feature of this version.Why did I give it 2 stars ? This e-version is simply a scan of the paper copy . The annotations -LRB- which appear in the margin of the hard copy -RRB- have been cut out and pasted either above or below the text on each page . The size of these explanations is different -LRB- larger -RRB- than the rest of the text . The way this e-version was made makes it impossible to use the features of an e-reader to your advantage
 This book 's got coffee stain all over and in the poorest condition . Ca n't believe i paid 5 dollars for this crap
 This was by far the worst science fiction novel I have ever watched . While the story of two lovers may seem romantic to some people , the use of spaceships and alien robots was very unneccesairy . The worst part of this play had to be the end where both charaters joined up with Marty McFly to save the universe . Thumbs down to you sir ! The remix WAS better .
 I ca n't review this item because it never made it to me . I received an email a few days later saying the money would be credited back to me -LRB- which it was -RRB- . However , I have never had a problem with receiving shipments at my address . The seller claimed that my address was not found . I received something from a different seller just 2 days before though . I am not sure what address they tried to send it to , but it was not the one I gave . Unfortunately I had to find this book somewhere else . The book is a great find , however , and I am very pleased with it .
 We human beings have n't changed much since we discovered the written word . There 's a reason they call it `` the oldest profession '' ; sex sells , and we all know it . And there 's just something too fascinating about blood that keeps us from turning away ; why else would we slow down to stare at the car wreck?Watch Hollywood today , and tell me that sex and violence do n't sell . And do n't tell me that `` Romeo and Juliet '' is about romance ; young teens rarely understand what romantic love is and all too frequently mistake lust for love . Shakespeare needed dough , and `` Romeo and Juliet '' provided it for him . Some of his other pieces are also primarily fluff , but they were fluff in a more cerebral fashion . `` Romeo and Juliet '' simply panders to the lowest common denominator.It 's in this vein that Shakespeare wrote this spurious piece . There 's nothing here that tells us anything about the human condition other than what we already know and acknowledge as some of our worst traits
 This is a review of The original Romeo and Juliet , not this specific edition.Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare . A book so rooted in popular culture that in all likelihood you knew the plot , the characters and the ending years before you picked it up , or if you were like me , were required to read it for educational reasons.I wonder if I really know what I 'm getting into by criticizing this book . In all likelihood I 'm going to get a wave of negative comments because of what I 'm about to say . To badmouth The Bard is almost to badmouth literature itself , and I do n't want to do that.Thomas Jefferson once said `` I can not live without books '' , If anything is true about me , it 's that.But thats the thing , technically , RAJ is n't a book , it 's a PLAY . This means that it relies on those playing the parts of it 's characters to provide any and all emotional depth , without whom it feels completely deadpan and flat . Maybe I 'm wrong , as I 've yet to see a live performance , and would be interested in seeing on . Without seeing one , Its hard to find what the characters were trying to get across to one-another when each one is trying to be poetic and overly dramatic . you really have to dig to find for example , the phrase `` I love you '' in a five minute monologue.But this is just my opinion . Maybe I would have liked it if I had n't been forced to read it in High school , if you do read of your own free will , judge it after you 've finished it , not because of what the back cover says .
 A glorified cliche , this book does little justice to Shakespeare 's writing ability as it is n't nearly his best work . Its marvellous dissemination and public love and recognition beffudles me . Superficial , lackluster , and diaphanous often foolish and loathsome compourtment and intelligence of the characters makes this book nothing more than a wonderful waste of valuable time . Never has Shakespeare created a work so imbued with cliches and idiocy . Basically , Romeo and Juliet is a story about two romantically-impaired `` star crossed '' lovers who have to avoid the obstacles presented by the feud between their families to realise and consummate their ephemeral marriage . They arent star crossed ! They are inane idiots too immersed in `` love '' to recognize the imprudence of their actions . Their deaths were not the least bit pitiful , but risible . Cognitive , yes . Irritating , yes . Interesting ? No . The utter folly of the characters is murderous , very uncharacteristic of Shakespeare who usually presents intelligent and philosophical personages . Do not base your opinion of Shakespeare on this pathetic work , he has created and transcended this one with a myriad of his other much more meaningful and enthralling plays . I d much rather recommend Midsummer Night 's Dream or Hamlet .
 We are from Argentina and learning English . Our teacher recommended the book Romeo + Juliet , we thought this book was going to increase our vocabulary and help us understand better the English language , but it did n't , instead it made it more difficult . Shakespeare used old English and played with words.For those who are n't aware , `` Romeo and Juliet '' tells the tale of two `` star-cross ' '' teenage lovers who secretly fall for each other and marry . Their families , the Montagues and Capulets , have been fierce enemies for decades , and , even as Romeo and Juliet say their wedding vows , new violence breaks out between the clans . In the end , their love is doomed . When Romeo mistakenly believes Juliet is dead , he poisons himself . And , when Juliet discovers that he is dead , she too commits suicide.Shakespeare 's writings are always beautiful but in this case he decorates with details a simple story , and that makes it boring and difficult to follow the plot.The characters all have different personalities , for example the peaceful characters , hot-tempered , romantic , aggressive , impulsive , strict , etc. . And that is what perhaps could make it interesting . In our opinion the best character is the nurse because she says always what she feels and not what is better for her.In conclusion , we could only understand the story because as we continued reading , we also saw the film , which we recommend you to see .
 Terrible book . I 'm not into classics , so if you 're like me , do n't buy it . If you like them , buy it .
 To get to the point , I really hated Romeo and Juliet . While the lines , though archaic , were extremely well-written , I found myself hating most of the characters . I really did n't like the way Romeo was so in love and so heart broken by Rosaline , and then , in the miracle of an instant , fell in love with her cousin , Juliet . It makes it seem like Romeo was either making a mountain out of a molehill about his feelings for Rosaline or else Juliet was his rebound , and all the much better because she was young and naive -LRB- as girls who are n't yet 14 tend to be -RRB- and therefore eager to return his affections.And then , aside from how quickly they fall in ` love ' , there is the matter of their suicide . Honestly , even if it was true love , Juliet was an idiot to kill herself for him , and he was an idiot to kill himself in the first place . They had potiental to be things or do things in their lives , and although that potential was stunted by the times , it was still there , but wasted for the price they wanted to pay for love . They might have been star-crossed lovers because of their feuding families , but they only exacerbated the situation with their rash -LRB- and stupid -RRB- actions.The language is great , though . I thought it was particularly amusing that some of the lines were written in blank verse while others rhymed ; it signified the importance of the lines that did rhyme , underlining key points.I had to read this in school years ago and hated it , then reread it recently to see if I liked it any better . I did n't , so read it at your own risk .
 WARNING ! SPOILERS ! Most people know that the play is about two households -LRB- the Capulets and the Montagues -RRB- that have been fighting for so long that they 've forgotten why they 're fighting in the first place . Juliet Capulet and Romeo Montague meet at a masquerade and within a day they decide to get married and not tell anybody but the priest , Romeo 's servant , and Juliet 's nurse . On the same day they get married , Tybalt -LRB- Juliet 's cousin -RRB- kills Romeo 's best friend . Romeo then kills Tybalt out of revenge . Romeo is banished and Juliet fakes her death to get out of marrying another man . However , Romeo thinks she 's really dead and he kills himself . When Juliet wakes up and finds him dead , she kills herself . Then the priest tells both heads of households what happened and they call a truce.Unless you really need a good laugh , do n't bother to read this.It 's about two teenagers who think that if someone knows a person for a couple of hours , those two people know each other well enough to get married and later kill oneself over that person . It is not ` true love ' as some people call it ; it is stupidity . Had they lived , their relationship would have ended with Romeo getting Juliet pregnant and either running off on her , or whoring himself out to a bunch of other women because he realized that ` love at first sight ' is just lust . The only sane/logical main/secondary character in the play is Benvolio -LRB- Romeo 's cousin -RRB- . Otherwise it 's nothing you ca n't get by remembering incidents from your highschool days .
 As we all have one time or another , had to read shakespeare in school for English class . That was my reason for this , my son needed it for school . I 'm just glad it was available . He needed to Kill a Mokingbird , it was n't available for Kindle .
 I guess maybe it said they have the right to change the cover , but the one we received was completely different ! Looked like an old Harlequin romance novel ... . also the book had people reviewing it along with the text and my daughter didnt like that format .
 This product was shipped to me in a reasonable time , but the description said it was new when it had been annotated and highlighted throughout the book . I was disappointed with this since I wanted a new version of this book .
 There are 2 versions of this book available on Amazon . The other version looks identical in the picture but if you look inside , it is n't . This one does not have the `` translation '' of Shakespeare on the left page , which is what most high school students need . If you want the notes , get the other book .
 Shakespeare 's book , Romeo and Juliet , is placed in the 18th century . A time in which women were not considered as thinking people or capable of having any feelings . Women at that time were subordinated to the wills of their parents , and later to those of their husbands , in case they were married . If they remained single they were subordinated to their Religious Orders and were bounded only to music and embriodery . Skakespeare describes very well the society at that time in his book , Romeo and Juliet , but instead of diminishing women and highlighting men , does exactly the opposite by attributing women certain characteristics such as
 I bought this book based on the other reviews saying how useful having the interpretations on the opposite page was . In reality it starts and ends directly with the play . No prologue , introduction or anything else . The reviews do n't correspond to the item being sold .
 This book does not have line numbers . In addition , the pages do n't have the scene or act number on them . So when you open up the book , you have no idea where you are in the play . You have to flip through pages and find the closest scene 1 so you can figure out which act you are in and then go from there . This book makes it difficult to follow with others in class and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 If you are a teacher , I would look into buying another audio version of Romeo and Juliet . I have been using it as a tool to get the students to hear professional actors and to then ask them to use the same skills those professional actors use -LRB- inflection , emphasis , etc. -RRB- The problem is it is VERY difficult to hear ... to the point that you have to sit 3 feet away to hear it at times . This simply does not work for a classroom .
 I 'm sorry , but this book was awful . You can burn me for a heretic , but it was . It was supposed to be tragic ; I thought it was hilarious . First , everybody says that Romeo and Juliet were lovers torn apart by fate . Fate had nothing to do with it ! They died through sheer stupidity and melodrama on their part . Had they not been so hasty , they both would have come out alive . Second , the characterization was extremely shallow and one dimensional . Third of all , Romeo and Juliet were n't `` in love '' at all . How can you love someone you 've known for all of five minutes ? When they meet at the Capulet party , all Romeo does is ramble about pilgrims and hands and prayer . Then he leaves and Juliet declares she 's in love . They did n't even have a real conversation.On the plus side , the language was very pretty , once you got used to it , although it did become irritating by the end . Sometimes you wish someone would just say something straight out , instead of dressing it up with so many frills and flowers you do n't know what they 're trying to say . But I have nothing against Shakespearean English.So really , if you want to read good Shakespearean tragedy , read Macbeth . Now that was good . Julius Caesar was n't too bad either . And if you want a good comedy by the Bard , go with Much Ado About Nothing . But do n't waste your time on this book unless you have to . It was that bad .
 Plain and simple - Shakespeare sold out . * R&J * is simply sensationalist trash . It contains a good portion of Shakespeares worst verse and insipid characterizations . It 's unchallenging , crude , and simply melodrama for the most part . It 's the Shakespearean equivalent of `` Party of Five '' and the Spice Girls.The only saving grace of this `` play '' -LRB- why not call it a `` B-play ? '' -RRB- is the beautiful soliloquy by Mercutio about Queen Mab.The rest is absolute garbage.Read a real play . `` Hamlet , '' although dreadfully overplayed , is a fine work . So is `` Caesar . `` And forget Shakespeare . There are other fine Elizabethan writers who have been forced to exist in the `` Bard 's '' shadow . Had Marlowe lived , we would n't have even known about Shakespeare . And Donne finally been recognized for the genius that he is .
 As I did n't liked the story at all I cant say lots of things about it but if I had to rewrite the book , I would do it in modern English . Old Englih is one of the reasons I did n't liked the book . Another reason is that is a very predictable story and it has only 2 themes
 Fate plays a chief role in the tragedy of Romeo and Juliet . Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet belong to feuding families . The family feud causes them to keep their love and marriage a secret , therefore only Romeo , Juliet , Benvolio , Friar Lawrence and the Nurse know of their love.Romeo is a handsome young gentleman from the Montague family . Romeo falls in love with a girl named Rosaline , until the night of the Capulet party.Juliet is a gorgeous fourteen-year-old young lady from the Capulet family.The Capulet family plans an elegant party that will go on till late in the evening . Benvolio , Mercutio , Romeo and other Montague servants plan to spoil their event.Romeo and Juliet fall in love at first sight while Romeo is crashing her party . That night Romeo plans to go to Juliet 's through her window , and sleep with her . Before that ever happens , Romeo kills her cousin Tybalt , but only after Tybalt kills Mercutio.Juliet cries all day because she can not be with her husband Romeo until the night falls . Both Juliet and Romeo want to keep their marriage a secret , from Lord Capulet , Lord Montague , Paris , and everyone else . Juliet wakes up early only to find Romeo dead .
 this is a really bad , boreing book that i could n't wait to throw out
 Stupid teenagers . A boy who falls out of love as quickly as he falls in . And poor communication . Shakespeare got teenage romance down pat .
 Romeo and Juliet is a story about to lovers that meet at first sight . The biggest problem they have together is that both of the families have been fighting and hate each other since they both have been born . It all started when Romeo been depressed ever day moping around and feeling sad all of the time because he loved Rosaline and she did not love him back . So one day Romeos cousin told him about this party and that Rosaline would be there so they left and Romeo saw Juliet there and followed her to her house and both exchanged thoughts about each other and decided that they will get married but secretly . So they had to come up with a plan to pretend that Juliet was died so the can get married and the planned failed and they both ended up killing themselves . Play was very stupid it sucks no one should read it because there is no point of reading this because all this play is taking up your time .
 i just read this book . everybody like always talks about how great it is and everything . but i do n't think so . like , it 's been done before , right ?? soooo cliched . omg .
 The customer reviews for this edition of Romeo and Juliet indicated that it was dual language , i.e. , the original Shakespeare on one side of the pages and a modern `` translation '' on the other . This edition was original text only -- fine for what it is , but not what we wanted .
 Well when I get done reading it I will tell u what I think until then I have no idea
 To be completely honest , I have only examined the sample for this e-text of Romeo and Juliet . It was a very unhelpful sample , giving a selection of the introductory essay about Shakespeare 's life and times.So I scoured the review page . None of the reviews I looked at are actually for the e-version of this book . They were written for a variety of paper versions of the book , good , bad , and ugly . Some are about a specific used book purchased , others are about the play itself -LRB- love it/hate it -RRB- . None of them help determine the value of this specific e-version of the play.Bottom line , I refuse to pay $ 4.99 for a version that I ca n't get any information about . How does it look on the page ? Are there additional annotations beyond the essay about Shakespeare 's life and times ? Are there links to acts or scenes ? Are there line numbers ?
 The picture for this item showed the lines to be numbered . When we received it , it was not numbered . This is needed for a class assignment and we had to go elsewhere to purchase what Amazon did not provide .
 Here are the problems with using this in the classroom :1 . The lines are not numbered , so students will have to number the lines as homework for every scene , or else you 'll waste a lot of class time doing this .2 . The paper quality is terrible for annotating
 I am a high school English teacher looking at the different versions of classics texts available for Kindle -LRB- fire -RRB- , so my review will not be for the play itself , but rather for the eBook -- readability , layout , price , and other features.This 99 cent version is very basic . It has the complete text of the play , but that 's about it . It does not have any chapter select links to either act or scene , and no line numbers are provided . There are no notations or explanations . The layout does maintain the iambic pentameter poetry , but the text appears crowded on the page as there is no line break or spacing between speakers.At 99 cents , this version is not bad ; however , there are better , equally inexpensive versions .
 I love the works of Shakespeare . They offer life , comedy , tragedy , love , and more , but of all Shakespeares plays , Romeo and Juliet ranks very low . The story is rather tragic , but it is unoriginal and over done -LRB- it was even in Shakespeares time -RRB- , afterall , Shakespeare got it from another contemporary story which got it from another story and so on . It is also rather extreme and unrealistic . Many say it is the perfect teen love story , however , it does little to explore true love . Bring me proof that `` love at first site '' can actually exist -LRB- I know LUST at first site does , but true love , no -RRB- , and I might consider this a realistic love story that real people can realate to ! Many educators wonder why so many children and teenagers are so uninterested in Shakespeare ; prehaps because they are required to read this particular play is why . For those who love tragedy , I recommend Othello or Odepius Rex , and for those who like Shakespeare , I recommend Much Ado About ! Nothing , A Midsummer Nights Dream , The Tempest , the history plays -LRB- i.e. Henry IV , Henry V , etc. -RRB- and any other play by Shakespeare , except Romeo and Juliet !
 It was very hard to read and its a long play that usually will get you lost while reading it
 We think that the book was a great influence to our English because it had a very difficult language so we had to look for the words all the time in the dictionary and that way we learn two things , to look up words in the dictionary and new words.We liked the end when all the main characters died . It left me a great message . If it was n't for the video the school hired at the videoclub we had n't understand it and the video is a bit boring also but we only liked it because Leonardo Di Caprio acted as Romeo in the video !
 This is probably the most cliche novel ever written . It 's boring as well and is n't even in English . Fail !
 Not that I do n't like Shakespeare 's works , but his tragedies are terrible , especially this one . I ca n't understand the language real well , so I have to grab one with the contemporary language so that it 'll be easier to understand . I just ca n't understand this love tragedy at all ! Here are some things that confuse me : * How did this feud really begin ? * Why ca n't this story end in happily ever after ? * Why does Lady Capulet have to be so stuck up on everybody ? * Why could n't Shakespeare have written in a language we could all understand ? * Why does everybody have to jump to conclusions?I simply ca n't understand why people love this play so much . It 's ridiculous ! If you want a true love story , try reading `` A Midsummer Night 's Dream '' . This one absolutely SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This may be one of the great works of humanity , but it just does n't cut it for me . The gender sterotypes are nauseating , to say the least . Though required in schools , this book is nnot one of the bests to read on your own time . Or maybe I am just disillussioned .
 I bought this book hoping it could help me understand shakespeare 's words better , but it didnt . Instead I had to look up every other word in a dictionary or sometimes even online . Soon it just got so hectic that i just threw the book out and bought a better more reliable source .
 Working in the Localization Industry , I was keen to read this book . However , there are virtually no profound insights into the activity of localizing products and services on a global scale that are n't known . The question is
 Wiley Investment Classics generally fall into two categories , tough and dreary reads full of information , and lively entertaining accounts which also educate . Unfortunately , Mr. Bagehot and Mr. Bernstein 's text is the former . The book does an outstanding job of promoting the importance of a strong central banking system and the importance of strict credit control when combating financial crises . However , it does so amidst extremely repetitive and somewhat painful language . The authors provide outstanding quantitative and anecdotal evidence supporting their case , but they do so in such a way that makes the book a true labor to read.This book would be very beneficial to anyone doing research on , or working for some kind of central banking organization . Otherwise , I would suggest looking to any of the other Wiley Investment Classics for a more interesting and educational read about finance .
 This is an excellent book . But this edition is extremely poorly produced . There are far too many typos , and little information about the original publication of the book , for example . The layout is ugly . It 's great the book is cheap , but I wish I had paid a little more for a nicer version .
 The stars are for the edition , not the book.The April 30 , 2011 edition from CreateSpace -LRB- which probably actually is a copy shop -RRB- does not look like a book . It looks like a leaflet from Jehova 's witnesses . It 's flimsy , in a weird large format , and with no information about publisher , date of publishing etc. . If you have any aesthetic sensibility you should get a different edition of this classic book.This type of product should either come with a warning `` not a real book '' or not be sold on amazon at all .
 I have several fetal development books now , but this one is the only one I could n't stand to keep . I tore out a few of the best pictures and threw the rest of the book away . I had the 1962 version , so I ca n't speak for any other editions . It explains in the book that the picture sequences documenting the development of movement were of babies born very early , as early as the 6th week . I do n't believe they were aborted on purpose or anything , but I could n't stand to see how they were being touched with a hair to see how they move ... that seems cruel to me . That sort of thing is not what I want to see when I 'm expecting ! The authors other book , Beginning Life is much , much better . It has better pictures and is more sensitive to the well-being of the pictured fetuses .
 I would have like to have seen this book before I bought it . I never would have bought it in the condition I found it .
 While there were some nice pictures and helpful information I was abit disappointed with the book in general . It was short -LRB- 92 pages of large text -RRB- , with no color pictures and just did n't seem like that helpful of a book for a first time mother . The book was first published in 1962 with an update in 1982 and I 'm sure there have been quite a few new discoveries that would be quite informative for a first time mother since then . I felt like I was reading a high school biology book . OK for what it was but I 'd not recommend it .
 This book lacks the depth it seems to promise . Some of the illustrations are lacking . There is not enough meat to help anyone with special needs learners . I would suggest you look elsewhere . I was greatly disappointed since the majority of work by Jensen is wonderful .
 The chapters are set up like a pamplet with bulleted information . It just does n't seem appropriate for a college class . It is written like a middle school textbook , and it does n't offer more information than what most laymen already know .
 Written in 1970 's it 's really too old to apply to todays lifestyles and trends on fry cookery but it does have some classics . Glad I bought it used-but shipping was more than the price !
 Avoid this book on the basis a dated and harmful passage on page 144 that states that homosexuality is `` related to a failure in identification '' and that parents of homosexual children should `` seek professional help at the earliest possible moment '' . Their view of the cause of homosexuality is out of mainstream thought , and it implies that something wrong happened . The main reason for need for any counseling would be if homosexuality is causing adjustment or self-acceptance problems . This is not what the author 's have in mind . Following the author 's advice fails to honor your childs true nature , and certainly would be detrimental to the development of his/her self esteem .
 Thrilled at my daughter 's pregnancy , I purchased this book for her because I could remember how much I admired it 25 years ago when I read it . Her feedback ? `` Mom - it 's really good until it gets to homosexuality . It fails miserably there ! `` I just reread the passage on page 144 of the library edition and now I want to throw it out of the public library 's collection ! -LRB- I wo n't ... I 'll keep it for the good parts and try to forgive Brigg 's out-dated and misinformed attitude ! -RRB- But I wo n't give it 5 stars any more !
 I was just about to buy this book for my child bearing friend when I saw the outdated view to homosexuality . Pitty . This book is very good in many espects ; but in the event of the child or anyone close to the family being homosexual , this will probably result in parent 's mishandling of the situation which will perhaps do a good deal of damage to the child 's self esteem .
 While this book contains many helpful explanations of what to expect as your children grow it also contains WILDLY outdated depictions of men and women . Women are only described as working in the home - cleaning and baking . Men are described as working ceaselessly outside the home and having no time for children . The book was originally written in the 70s and it shows!In today 's world where 70 % of women work outside the home I found these depictions off-putting . I mean , wow , when I was a kid -LRB- and i 'm 45 -RRB- my mom worked outside the home.The greatest ding against the book though , is it 's offensive depiction of homosexuality as a condition worthy of ` immediate psychological attention ' . I am not gay , am married and have two children but if either of my sons are gay , I will support them and their choices with all my heart - not send them to a psychiatrist !
 Nuel Emmons , ex-con , aspiring journalist and two-faced acquaintance of Charlie , covers no new ground in this book.Emmons states himself in the preface that he was n't allowed to take notes or record Charlie during his interviews with the famous prisoner . Therefore , the title is misleading . It should read `` Manson , in Emmons ' words '' . More of the same rhetoric espoused by Bugliosi and the establishment.For a better , fresher look at Manson - check out `` Charles Manson Superstar '' on VHS .
 This book is unlike most of the books written on the topic . While Nuel Emmons seems to have started out with an eye on the ball , to release new information on Manson and the case against him , he fell short of his goal by virtue of adding a lot of things which were n't really Manson `` in his own words '' but were nothing more than fabrication .
 Watch Charlie on video in an interview and hear for yourself him say , `` Emmons took his life , and put that in my book . . then he took my life , and wrote a second book with his name on it and said it was his life . . so he 's milked you for two books . . he 's a good crook . `` The way Charlie himself talks about the book indicates that less than 1 percent is factual .
 Ok , if your a Manson collector of course you have to have this , but otherwise it is not even a good read , let alone Manson 's words.Buy it if you are collecting , but read Helter Skelter or the Family for a better read .
 `` Charles Manson in Nuell Emmons 's Words '' anyone who 's seen or heard Manson interviewed , knows his lingo and knows those are n't his words .
 To label Charles Manson `` The Most Dangerous Man Alive '' is a farce . He is now a rambling senile idiot/inmate stored away at San Quentin . He is better known as a prolific liar than a prolific writer . This book well written , therefore it could not have come from his words or hands . Then again , he has always used others to do his bidding via murder or writing . Believe what you want but I believe it is pure horse manure , although entertaining .
 I 've communicated with Charlie on more than one occasion.The man does not write nor talk like this book reads.End of story.However , his written word is legible , unlike what someone wrote in their review , some of it is a little hard to read because he 's about 71 years old now and I would imagine his hands tremble a bit ... But about this book ... Waste of money.The ReVeReNd
 MANSON IN HIS OWN WORDS - BEWARE , ` DREAMS YE CONQUER CARE ! ` Hello there fans of amazon.com Manson litterature - just to let everyone know , Manson in His Own Word is n't by Manson himself.Ask yourself ; why should a man who has got all the time in the whole wide world to leave his body and go anywhere he wants , go spend some time write a book he did n't even announce , seemingly on any interview that he was gon na write?Let 's never underestimate the fact that Charles Manson is Charles Manson , and that like the wolf , scorpion and black panther , Charles Manson is so unpredicteable that I sound like a dammer when I say to all the five and four star viewers here that this book was n't written by him . I trusted my source and made a decision in advance since , that from then on I 'd write a critical review on Manson In His Own Words that 'd expose the myth that the book had in fact been written or compiled by Charles Manson , number two , that it was a good book , and number three , that Manson would be likely to spend vast amounts of time to pin down some words in some script instead of doing the soul of the world thing - which is his music.After having seen the white and red covered , now internationally acclaimed Manson movie , I feel I have somewhat more of an understanding of Manson 's mind than many others . As a teenager I felt I understood Manson to the point that I drew a picture of myself , bald headed with a nazi swastika between my eyes to emphasize the concept of what we felt then to be holy or sheer terror . I was obsessed with exorcicing any fear inside of myself at that time - that is during my teenagehood years , and I was thus seriously sinister as a teenager and I enjoyed that reputation . But just because I may feel so on what I feel to be my understanding of how Charles Manson 's mind works or operates , that 's just me - no need to take seriously any content in a statement I make on such an issue , because everyone is free to have their own opinions - the people of the world are entitled to free speech.Manson could utter all he needed to utter and why should he have had any need to put that down on a few pages ? A book compiled by Manson would in my view be a gigantic volume filled with all kinds of psychedelic imagery which not even the author of this book would be finding himself or herself in a position to comprehend fully.On atwa.be . Charles Manson said that God is air - and that without air , we can not be . So this gives in my view a whole different meaning the concept of our ideas and beliefs being sort of air - without them , we ca n't forge the years ahead in our societies . No matter how many or few Charlie may have killed or how he may have behaved , no matter how sane or less than sane he may appear , because we 're all one and we 're all manifestations of the Infinite , the more we lie to ourselves and cheat on ourselves and beat our little ones before we put them to bed , the harder we are on ourselves and the less we are really saying , and everything we are saying becomes a kind of chit chat - thus , we 're lying to Charlie.That is , we are lying to him when we 're lying to ourselves , and encouraging ourselves to be more violent than is necessary by being more violent than is necessary . Once peoples ` seemingly ceaseless desire to lie to themselves so much ceases to be , it becomes easier to rise above that need and move on . In Charlie 's world , Charlie can be a racist one moment and a humanist the other - but that 's his path - and anyone around or near him has to make their choises on what path to follow - and those beyoud.So I say to anyone who wishes to give this book a try - I felt I was somehow obliged to leave a warning in advance stating this book is no good . I might wan na own a copy in the far future but I seeeeeeriously doupt if that copy 'll do me any good at all . The study of Charles Manson is a direct look at our own innermost self reflection - and it depends upon each one of us whom it is being reflected in the mirror . That 's why beauty is truly in the eyes of the beholder when it comes to do a serious analysis of the meaning behind the concept of the persona who is Charles Manson .
 Hell , I 'm not even going to read this book before I tell you all what I think ! No reason to waste my time reading ANYTHING written by an animal like Manson.I 'm kind of in to learning more about infamous cases like Manson 's ... but I 'd like to hear THE TRUTH about what happened . And the criminals themselves usually do NOT tell the truth . They usually do have a way of detaching themselves , if you will , from the identity they had when they committed or instigated whatever the heck the crime was . So if I read on one of the reviews , that it does n't sound like Manson ... Gosh , why on earth am I not surprised!Hey ... for a good laugh , I guess this would be OK to read ... just to see how a beast like Manson operates.But I give this one star ... like I said , consider the sanity of the source of information in this book ... and do your best to not believe it unless someone in their right mind can confirm it.Otherwise , enjoy !
 While this is a fairly well written book anyone that has ever been connected to Manson , Manson 's followers , or the Manson case has said there was no way that Charles Manson had ANYTHING to do with this book.First of all , Manson , while speaking makes NO sense whatsoever.Secondly , If anyone has ever seen Manson 's written word , not only does it not make any sense , but it 's not legible.Third , The `` frame '' that the wording is in , does not sound like anything I have ever seen , read , or heard from Manson.Fourth , Manson himself has denied having anything to do with this book since it was being written , through publication , through all the years since.Some of the information in this book is factual , based upon trial transcripts , and conversations that are documented elsewhere . However the words that are attributed to Manson , in my opinion were the author 's own words . Not a bad read , but not something I would recommend to someone looking for the ` truth ' .
 For all of you who are under the illusion that this book is in Charlie 's own words , you 're mistaken . At the time of the so called interviews , the author was not allowed any sort of writing utensils , tape recorders , etc. . The words you see are those of the authors . Same old media hype to make a buck . The author betrayed Charlie by pretending to be his ` friend ' . This is why Charlie declines so many interviews . Everybody distorts everything he has ever said . So my advice is
 This book is an anthology of 3 books I had already read . I do not knowingly purchase anthol ; ogies . O would not recomend this book unless yoy want all 3 books in one .
 I was pretty disappointed when I purchased this book because I thought it was the next book in the series . Instead it is just a compilation of the previous 3 books one after another .
 David Weber uses a trick in this book that I think is cheating at writing , and not in a good way . One chapter ends with the main characters in dire straits , and then the next one starts with them having overcome the problem without any explanation . Did he get tired of writing or is he just inept?Otherwise I 'd say that I would recommend the book to readers age 12-16 . To an adult the characters seems a trifle `` fantastic '' .
 This book was published before the Dag Hammadi texts were widely available . So , with the availability of translations of the Dag Hammadi texts , the one third of this book that closely describes the contents of the texts become considerably less valuable . One can read the translations themselves.Although Jean Doresse was involved early on with the manuscripts , he was , as described on the back jacket , a `` French scholar and archaelogist '' . He was , apparently , familiar with Coptic , the language of the manuscripts , and he had some background as a historian , as he says he was in Egypt as the time of the disocvery of the manuscripts to research ancient Coptic monasteries . I did n't see mention of having had a professional background in religious studies including comparative religion . I did n't see mention in a professional background in early Christian history . Now that the manuscripts have available for a half century , undoubtedly many professionals with a background in early Christian history and/or comparative religion have had a chance to analyze and write about the texts . Being first , as Doresse was , may not be an advantage , especially considering the superior professional background that others since have had for this subject . Elaine Pagels -LRB- `` The Gnostic Gospels '' -RRB- is one example.Doresse seems an enthusiastic and knowlegeable writer , but how much faith can one put in his assessments of the history of Gnosticism and the religious problems it posed , given his background . Perhaps his judgments seem on the mark , but I have reservations . What I found most troubling was the possible impacts his biases may have had . I 'm also troubled that his bias was largely hidden throughout almost all of the book . After seeming objective , on the last page of the Epilogue he closes by noting the `` incomparable superiority '' of the New Testament over the Nag Hammadi texts . And he criticizes the secrecy of the Gnostics , writing that `` We marvel that the Gnostic schools were able to compete with them -LSB- i.e. compete using these texts -RSB- , and we can understand why their sectaries preferred , face to face with this religion -LSB- i.e. Orthodox Christianity -RSB- to keep their own dogma secret and hide themselves in the dark '' . An unexpected and unexplained closing . Did Doreese perhaps feel that after revealing the Gnostics , he 'd best write a paragraph to appease the contemporary orthodox Christian Church ? He himself has written in this book that the Gnostics hid their texts out of fear of the wrath of the orthodox Christian Church , who at best would destroy such texts and at worse destroy those who kept them . Did n't he himself write that such works were destroyed by the orthodox Christians , and , if that was the case , the manuscripts of Nag Hammadi might only be a tiny and not very good sample of what Gnostics offered . Doresse wonders how the Gnostics were able to `` compete '' against what he calls the `` authentic '' Christians using what he knows might be a tiny fragment of what the Gnostics had to offer . What the Gnostics had to offer may have gone well beyond texts . He himself documents that Gnosticism did persist , as with the Cathars who met their end -LRB- in the 12 century -RRB- not due to inadequate scripture but due to being murdered in great numbers by the orthodox Church.Doresse 's concluding paragraph puts his entire book in question for me .
 Sadly both A Modern Magician & it 's sequel A Calculated Magic have not aged well . They both feel very 80 's
 This book makes a decent reference guide , or a hypothetical fight comparison , but there is n't much that can be personally gained from it . It is divided into five chapters
 There is n't anything new to be found in this text that has n't been covered more thoroughly in other texts . The topics covered seemed glossed over without any meat or substance . Skip this one for more up to date books .
 This book was very disapointing , and misleading . Like for example wing chun has no high kicks but you will see one in this book . enough said
 DO you really think that this stuff is going to work ? especially the trapping ? so many people love trapping but when then try it in sparring it doesnt work.the lin lop sau , the bong lop sau , the same hand tan to lop sau-cmon now none of that works against anyone who doesnt leave their hand out there after they throw a punch ! this may have been how people fought hundreds if not a thousand years ago but it certainly isnt practical now ! if you want to spend lots of your precious time learning an art that most of it you cant use in sparring or in the street then so be it.but like bruce said `` man -LCB- or for that matter any person man or woman -RCB- is MORE IMPORTANT than any art or system '' even applies to jkd and wing chun-not the other way around !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have to agree with a previous reviewer when she said that this book is NOT LIBERATING for the black women . I can hardly believe that Halle Berry would even want to adapt this into a film . Venus Johnston ... man , she cut off all her hair to liberate herself from perms , money , and the demands of a boyfriend . Yet , throughout the entire book , she is insecure about it all . Every other woman in the book has free-flowing , lustrous , bouncy hair ... making Venus even more regretful and insecure . It 's just a mess . She does n't become comfortable or happy with it until the very last page . I am in the process of growing out my perm and picked up this book just to see if I could relate to Venus in any kind of way throughout this process . I could n't . The characters were n't deep enough . The plot was predictable . I expected more ... I hate to close a book after reading it thinking that I could have done a better job . It 's also quite ironic how Trisha Thomas includes an interview of herself at the end . She talks about her experience going natural ... but the pic of her on the back of book is with `` long , lustrous locks . ''
 In fact , it may have even done more damage than good . Let me try and explain.Nappily Ever After -LRB- patterned after `` happily ever after '' -RRB- speaks about a woman named Venus who , after splitting up with her boyfriend , Clint , cuts off all of her to , I GUESS , show that beauty goes beyond the hair on your head ? Notice the question mark here . This book leaves you clueless to a lot of things . One being , Venus is our main character . She tries to come across as a liberated black woman . Yet , throughout the entire book , the author focuses on Kandi , a beautifully portrayed character with ... you 've guessed it ... long , free-flowing hair , who ends up with ALL the men Venus wants . No one finds Venus attractive in this story . Venus does n't find Venus attractive in this story!I usually do NOT give anything below three stars unless the story was an utter mess , which this was . I think it sends a terrible message out to the truly BEAUTIFUL , African American women with nappy hair . The title , Nappily Ever After says I 'm proud of who I am regardless of the color of my skin or texture of my hair . The book , Nappily Ever After says No one will ever find you attractive because you have nappy hair!Better luck next time.Rolanda , Nothing BUT Page Turners Book Club
 While the author does a good job of illustrating the personal `` good hair vs. bad hair '' trauma of black girls everywhere -LRB- myself included -RRB- , too much of this novel is bogged down in romance novel cliches to make the overall plot resonate .
 I was very disappointed with the book because it touched on a lot of issues that we as black women deal with , but it never really addressed them . The title is very misleading and to me does n't even really match with the storyline . I got the impression that maybe as she was finishing the book she got tired and kind did n't really put forth an effort to give the book a meaningful ending . I was very disappointed with the ending and thought it could have been much better . The rest of the storyline jumped around and the plot just did n't make a lot of sense at times - what one thing had to do with another was n't clear . Like I said , the book touched on a lot of good issues , but provided no good resolution for the characters .
 I so wanted to like this book . The title and the blurbs that I read promised a good read but when I finally got a chance to read Trisha Thomas 's book I could n't put it down for fear that i may have missed something . The idea that Black women are so identified by the hair on their heads and how they look is an excellent topic . While I did n't expect this book to be a soapbox and a rallying cry against the makers of relaxers I did expect to read a book that had some character developement , a decent outcome and entertaining . Do n't waste your money . Get ye to a library . When I learned of a book called Nappily Ever After I thought , `` Thank God ! A book for those of us who have true kinks , not the curly ` do that blows in the wind that is the norm of Black characters on TV and in magazines . '' I was expecting something new and fresh since the book promised to be a Cinderella story for the rest of us.I am still disappointed by this damn book . I appreciate that this book was entertainment and I was glad that this was n't a soapbox to damn those who are still chemically dependent . However I feel duped by the title and kept waiting for something , anything that would make me like this book .
 This book is basically a bunch of recycled self help ideas tossed at the AA woman under the guise of a catchy title . I did n't make it half way and had to throw it down vowing not to crack the cover of that mess again . That book was rambling and was boring about the same old crap . Man problems , looks , and nothing about real feelings . It 's just not my type of book . If you have just gotten out of a bad relationship like this one , then this book is for you . But for those who are not , move on down the cyber shelf !! I heard about this book on different AA hair discussion boards . Those who said it was great , I do n't suppose you read much or you only read these types of books . This book is very sad and does n't deserve the praise it gets .
 C'mon . We 've all read this stuff before
 Hair & Men . To read this book , one would think that hair and men are the two most valuable commodities in a Black woman 's life.Nappily Ever After is the story of Venus Johnston , a professional black woman , who starts off the book with a faltering and relationship and a new haircut . Venus and her live-in boyfriend of 4 years , Clint have had a parting of ways . After practically supporting Clint through medical school and his residency , Venus is ready to get married , and Clint will not pop the question . So , she throws him out of her beautiful home and goes and cuts all of her long relaxed hair off . While enjoying a night out with the boys shortly after their break-up , Clint meets Kandi , an attractive teacher with long-flowing hair and flawless good looks . Kandi , is looking to marry a good , black man , and finds that Clint is the answer to her prayers . Kandi poses and preens and does whatever she can to catch and hold onto Clint.From there , the story unravels into an unbelievable mess . There are several plot devices that seem very contrived , as though the author was trying to add drama to boring and predictable book . In the end , the story comes together very neatly , with all the characters getting what they want and living happily ever after . But , you just do n't understand or believe how they got there . What could have been a very uplifting and well-told story about a woman finding liberation and joy in her new natural self , is merely another story of how hair , a man , and a little bit of status are the central themes in a Black woman 's life.TameshiaR.E.A.L . Reviewer
 Hmmmm ... Let me get this straight . A woman -LRB- Venus -RRB- works hard to earn a degree and gain a place on the corporate ladder despite her color and then does n't get the man of her dreams because she supported him and pushed him to succeed and then he leaves her because of her expectaions of him and is turned off because she shaves 0ff her hair ?? What I got from this utterly predictable read is that an educated African American woman who is tired of conforming to white standards of beauty -LRB- by lopping off her chemically straightened hair -RRB- , has decided that her uncommitted and immature lover of four years -LRB- soon to be a doctor -RRB- , is afraid of committing to her because his typical crack addicted parents screwed up his idea of commitment ? So she cuts off her relaxed `` white girl '' hair and he leaves her after four years to marry a money hungry relaxed haired `` diva '' after a month of dating?Venus , the main -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- character , who supported her man as he went to med school despite the fact that he did not commit to her , is sick of his refusal to marry her and so she leaves him and get 's a new style . After she shaves her head , -LRB- not pretty no matter your race unless you are a cancer survivor -RRB- , she feels insecure and everyone else thinks she 's freaked except for a cheating lying , abusive , using , smooth talker ? Her main man whom she stood behind for all those years left her for a money hungry , chemically treated long haired troglodyte who dates married men !!! How is this empowering ?? Not only are there a lot of RACIST undertones against caucasians in this book -LRB- I 'd love to see Brigitte Jones pull off racial slurs like that -RRB- but this book basically was a waste of time . So it 's evident in this book African Americans abhor white people ... get over it . Despite the not so subtle malevolence felt towards caucasians in this book , the characters certainly did not mind adorning themselves with Kenneth Cole , Armani and BMW cars , all of which are products of western European design . The biggest laugh ... a reading group discussion at the end . As if this were Tolstoy or Angelou for God 's sake . Give me a break .
 I purchased this book because I am in the process of `` going natural '' and wanted to read a good work of fiction that would support me in my decision . Based on the title and the summary on the jacket cover , I expected `` Nappily Ever After '' to be a celebration of African American women who embrace their hair/heritage . Unfortunately , it was anything but.Although the main character -LRB- Venus -RRB- cut her hair off , we never got a true sense of why she did it -LRB- was it societal expectations ? was it Clint ? was it money ? And what were the nightmares about ???? -RRB- Moreover , whether the author intended to convey this message or not , it was apparent that no one -LRB- including Venus herself -RRB- found her to be as attractive without her hair -LRB- and what kind of message is that sending to African American women ?? -RRB- Venus spoke of her newfound confidence and freedom but we did n't get to see much of it . Despite the fact that this book was supposed to be about Venus , it seemed that Kandi was the central character . She was the one with both men Venus wanted but couldnt have -- and of course , she had a headful of long , flowing hair -LRB- as opposed the the `` hairless skull '' Venus was sporting . -RRB- With comments like that sprinkled throughout the book and some unnecessary and quite offensive homophobia thrown in for good measure , it is my opinion that this book did more damage than good . I was truly disappointed .
 If you do n't like to be surprised in the least bit , this novel is for you . If you do n't mind the writer 's technique or do n't see literary language necessary to be entertaining then you too will like this book . I , on the other did not . The plot was predictable , the characters were one-dimensional and the language reminded me some what of McMillan . -LRB- an unpolished McMillan , of course . -RRB- The best part of this book was the cover , and that was just not enough to keep me satisfied .
 Easy read but too much talking about cutting Venus hair.I was surprised how it ended .
 I struggled through this book . The storyline was a bore ! I was also anxious to read this book as it was highly recommended , but too was I disappointed . If you absolutely have to read this book , borrow it from someone or the library !
 I picked up a couple of books from my cousin before she was evicted from her apartment , this being one of them . I started this and put it down saying , `` Another blackwoman drama . `` Last week , having to go on a long trip , I picked this book back up . Having cut off all of my long , relaxed hair almost a year ago , the book had new meaning . I was delighted reading the main character , Venus , regail in her triumph of releasing the iron bonds and experiencing the freedom that comes with a new haircut . My appreciation for the book stopped there.Venus , a self-centered middle class ad exec , decided , without speaking with her lover of 4 years , that she 's had enough of waiting for the ring , the black woman 's proverbial golden fleece . Why it became necessary to classify educated black women as power-hungry control freaks was beyond me . Her insipid man , Clint , found solace in another educated black woman , Kandi , who of course is a gold-digger . He proposes to this stranger 4 weeks into their rebound relationship . This desperate woman knows that Clint is on the rebound , but because her need to hook a doctor outweighs the prospect of real love , she accepts his proposal.This book takes ridiculous turns everywhere . The narration is muddled . Venus , conincidentally , is attracted to a new client who happens to be Kandi 's married ex , Tyson . Venus gets threatening notes at work , and accuses a co-worker who came on to her . The storyline of the notes is absurd because how Venus is being stalked when Tyson is having a relationship with Kandi still is silly . Venus and Tyson had two brief lunch dates , but Kandi and Tyson see eachother regularly . The only indication that she might be stalked is when Clint finds a note in her apartment . But she never mentions it . You 'd think she 'd have that weighing heavy on her mind since she 's seeing a married man.The women in this `` novel '' all have low self-esteem , and are very embarrasing to read about . Also , Venus must be unattractive , because since I first got my brushcut , I 've had nothing but rave reviews . Her assumption that black men do n't like short cuts is very narrowminded . I 'm a force to reckon with . Or maybe that 's only because I hear all the time , `` Not everyone can do it . You have the face for it . '' I guess Venus could n't do it , and did n't have the face for it . She certainly did n't have the heart .
 Nappily Ever after tricks readers into believing it is a story about a sista who finds empowerment through shaving her head . Unfortunately it 's just another in the series of successful middle class black women-complaining about how bad their life is dramas churned out by publishers to capitalize on Black women 's pain.The story focuses on Venus Johnston , a successful middle class black woman who shaves her long hair then dumps Clint , her non-commital boyfriend of four years in a statement of `` empowerment '' Why is the word `` empowerment '' in quotes ? Because the Venus character is just playing a manipulative head game with Clint -LRB- he has issues too , I 'll get to them next paragraph -RRB- to get him to propose to her . When her plan to change Clint backfires , the insecure Venus goes off the deep end , accusing co-worker Ray of stalking her , and blaming everyone for the problems SHE caused.Clint , the insecure `` nice guy '' doctor hooks up with Kandi , the first woman to pay attention to him . What 's a `` nice guy '' ? A man or woman who REEKS of so much insecurity that they attract the lowest forms of life to them such as Goldiggers , wife beaters , and other abusive types . Kandi the schoolteacher is a goldigger looking to bag a doctor . True to `` nice guy '' form , Clint falls `` in love '' with Kandi after a few dates and decides to propose marriage . LOSER!Kandi the predator is having an affair with Tyson Edwards , the married owner of a cosmetics company whose account Venus is trying to snag . Back to perpetual victim Venus , her bosses at Donnelly Kramer put her on leave for acting like a nut at work . She heads home to California for Christmas vacation where she finds `` empowerment '' through buying a bunch of sexy designer clothes and a brand new BMW . All of these plot threads build as the plot comes to a very sloppy conclusion with the convoluted revelation of Tyson 's wife being the stalker . Where did she come from ? Three words
 When I learned of a book called Nappily Ever After I thought , `` Thank God ! A book for those of us who have true kinks , not the curly ` do that blows in the wind that is the norm of Black characters on TV and in magazines . '' I was expecting something new and fresh since the book promised to be a Cinderella story for the rest of us.I am still disappointed by this damn book . I appreciate that this book was entertainment and I was glad that this was n't a soapbox to damn those who are still chemically dependent . However I feel duped by the title and kept waiting for something , anything that would make me like this book.I should say that when Venus was going through all of the drama of dealing with first getting her hair cut hit close to home . I know what it is like to dramatically change and alter your appearance and what you think others will think . But there was no more developement and the rest of the characters in the book seemed wooden and stale.Save your money . Get this from the library .
 This is a tough book to review -- while it does have some valid points to make , it descends all too often into polemics . And even polemics aside , the book has problems at times . Some problems that caught my attention were :1 -RRB- While Mamdani criticizes several writers for characterizing Muslims into the `` good '' and `` bad '' camps , he can equally be accused of not recognizing the differences in foreign policies between the Nixon , Reagan , Clinton and Bush administrations .2 -RRB- Mamdani takes stance that religion , politics and culture must be viewed separately and are not linked . While I would not disagree that politics can be separated from religion and culture , I have a hard time understanding his stance on separating religion and culture -- the way many of us learned anthropology , religion is considered part and parcel culture . -LRB- But then again , Mamdani avoids defining culture and what constitutes it . -RRB- 3 -RRB- The historical context of America 's proxy wars is told in a very one sided fashion . Missing is the activities of the Soviets , and to a lesser extent the Chinese , in a variety of Third World countries . Furthermore , in terms of the rise of political Islam , terrorism and the modern concept of jihad , his account differs from Kempel 's Jihad .4 -RRB- The section on the rise of al-Qaeda and the Taliban has a heavy reliance on newspaper articles from the Los Angeles Times and Rashid 's book on the Taliban . Missing from his story is Burke 's book on al-Qaeda -LRB- or his articles from the Guardian -RRB- , and use of other American , and British or French newspaper sources .5 -RRB- The presence of endnotes gives the book a scholarly air , but the reader needs to realize there is a lot missing on a variety of topics . Not only are works like Burke 's and Kempel 's missing , Mamdani has the tendency to make statements , assuming that they are facts as such and not opinions , need to be referenced and footnoted . One example is on page 92 dealing with how long the South African government could have supported Renamo without US support .6 -RRB- Mamdani contradicts himself at times . Probably the best example of this is his critique of co-existence/tolerance on page 173 , and his call for it in the closing pages of the book.While this book does make for compelling reading on America 's proxy wars and America 's selective use of terrorist groups against its opponents , it is far from a scholarly account . Mamdani 's book ends up reading like a set of cobbled together sound bites that are trying to counter a sound bite . A much more nuanced and better referenced book on the topic is Richard Bonney 's _ Jihad
 In all , it is a good book . The only issue is that it could have been better through the inclusion of more examples . And , better use of the examples that it does include . A weakness is that he tries to go in two directions and leaves them both weak.What he does do well is to illustrate the difference between political and fundamentalist Islam . He separates the motivation and behavior of these groups very well.Where he fails in this separation is that he then continues to attempt to illustrate his point by using American Pentecostals in his examples . It is clear that he is trying to use the Christian Fundamentalist movement as an example of parallel paths . But he falls in this simply because he , clearly , knows little about Christian Fundamentalism . It may be odd to say , but this lack of knowledge is fine . I read this book to expand my knowledge of Islam and the political divisions within it ; not to learn more about Christian Fundamentalism.The author also makes a great attempt to Tie America to a large number of terrorist related activities . This is clearly both part of his thesis , along with showing difference between political and fundamentalist Islam , and his bias.Where he falls in this is that he is quick to use disputed sources . The single New York Times article , that ran nationally for a single day , that he relies on heavily was not followed up in the media at the time because it was so heavily flawed . It was , at the time , seen as having no legitimacy . This single article is one of his key documents.Another failure is his reliance on the disputed CIA bin Laden connection . It is likely that bin Laden is one of the few groups that The US did n't work with in Afghanistan . And then , the US did n't work with him only because he refused to work with the US.In all , he does a good job of separating political and fundamentalist Islam . But , in other areas the book is weak . His thesis leads him in two directions . In one of those directions he is very strong and knowledgeable . In the other direction he is conspicuously weak .
 When I bought this book I was hoping to find a balanced analysis on the roots of terrorism and how American mistakes in foreign policy could have contributed to the situation . Intead , this book is a 260 page diatribe blaming the United Staes for most of the ills of the world . The author uses half-truths , innuendo , and slippery slope arguments to paint the picture of the United States as an omnipotent power that seeks to control other nations.The author sees no distinction between the actions of the United States military and terrorists to include Al Qaeda . He criticizes the US for explaining away civilian deaths as collateral damage viewing it as an Orwellian term . He does this while also distorting the term low intensity conflict equating it to terrorism . However , he fails to point out that the US military goes to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties , which at times puts them at greater risk . He sees no contrast in the terrorist who deliberately targets civilians . As a result actions of the US and terrorists are morally equivalent since they are both driven by politcical objectives.While the author goes to great lengths to criticize the US and Israel , he fails to assign any responsibility to the actions of Middle Eastern nations that have threatened and invaded Israel over the past 50 years . While Israel shares some of the responsibilty , a balanced approach would look at the how all nations in the area have had a hand in the security and political situation.This book will confirm the beliefs of those on the political left . The right will lose the legitimate issues in the author 's obvious political agenda and biases . For those in the center , look for another book.For an American , the greatest value in reading this book is gaining insight in how others see us . While we may not agree with their perceptions , for them it is the reality they base their judgements and decisions on .
 This is an extraordinarily well edited book with a beautifully concise and direct use of language . The author presents his case clearly and bluntly . However , it becomes obvious after only a few pages that the agenda is to shift attention from Muslims to the United States . Quickly the line of reasoning becomes stilted and strident - yet the language is still well crafted and the writing is masterful.Weaknesses start emerging only if one questions the assertions made by the author ; i.e. . The United States was defeated in Vietnam in 1975 -LRB- the US withdrew troops in 1973 -RRB- , Gerald Ford - on gaining the office of President - had never before been elected to any office of importance -LRB- election to the US Senate is n't important ? -RRB- . The list goes on and on and anyone interested in US history will quickly see multiple weaknesses and distortions in this book.What could have been a well written neutral observation ends up being a biased dig at the United States . I would have much preferred to have been presented with neutral facts and drawn my own conclusions than to have been presented with evidence and then told what to conclude . The United States may or may not be guilty of the accusations put forth in the book , but it is quite obvious that the author wants very much for the reader to decide that the United States is guilty .
 Let 's see . I just read two books besides this one . One was Haim Harari 's book about terror and reason in the Middle East . Another was Brett Goldberg 's about Jenin . And I 've been reading articles about the `` Columbia disaster . '' No , not the space shuttle , but Columbia University in New York City and its infamous Middle East Studies department . The author is a member of this department at Columbia . He 's a signatory of the notorious divestment -LRB- from Israel -RRB- petition . He 's a defender of fellow Middle East studies department member Joseph Massad , who calls Israel `` racist , '' and claims that Zionism is antisemitic ! He 's spoken out in favor of a Truth and Reconciliation tribunal in Israel to help achieve peace there -LRB- analagous to truth and reconciliation in South Africa -RRB- . On this final point , I agree with Mamdani . We need exactly that . We need to put the Arab racists in front of the world community and get a big apology from them as well as a guarantee to stop their aggression and antizionist slanders . Unfortunately , Mamdani would turn this around , put the victims on trial and make them apologize to the thugs.In an age where a small but significant number of Muslims are terrorists and terrorist supporters , it becomes important to separate the sheep from the goats . Otherwise , all Muslims are going to be suspect . Mamdani is not helping matters by trying to justify terrorism.Mamdani talks about Jenin in this book . He quotes Ed Said , saying `` by what inhumane calculus did Israel 's army '' besiege Jenin `` and call it a response to terrorist violence ? '' And he continues by saying that `` we may never know the story of what happened in Jenin . '' Oh , but we know plenty of it from Brett Goldberg 's book , and I think everyone ought to read it . Mamdani seems to want to pretend that book does n't exist.As for suicide bombers , well , Mamdani wants to find a way to justify what they do . But why ? What goes around comes around . Sooner or later , the shoe will be on the other foot , and people will use force against the thugs . Meanwhile , just what purpose does it serve to create a culture of death and destruction ? Anyway , for reasons best known to Mamdani , we get stuff in this book such as : `` Suicide bombing needs to be understood as a feature of modern political violence rather than stigmatized as a mark of barbarism . `` And he goes on to imply that all this violence is simply noble self-defence . But it is n't . It is aggression . It is criminal.Haim Harari , in his book , was not kind to those who intentionally slander Israel . His recommendation is for people to stand up to the liars and say `` You are lying . You are deliberately spreading dangerous , vicious lies . Lies like these kill . '' Now , would it stop people from writing books like these if a few more of us were to say that ? Probably not . But if enough of us said it often enough , universities such as Columbia would be forced to make a choice between scholarship and propaganda against human rights .
 Good Muslim , Bad Muslim
 I saw the author on C-Span 's BookTV and thought that he seemed reasonable , rational , and knowledgeable . Upon reading his book , I found him to be knowledgeable about Islamic history , but confused on Islamic motives . He is neither reasonable nor rational . His book is very biased . He can not conceal his hatred for America , Christians , Israel , Jews , and the West in general . His book is laced with Marxist `` code words '' to the extent that he is rendered totally not credible . He explains that the US supported the Muslims in Afghanistan and trained Muslims to fight the Russian Army in the 1980 's , and that somehow that caused them to later become terrorists against their former allies . He puts forth many specious arguments . It is true that we trained them to fight against the Soviet Army , but we did not train them or send them out to terrorize non-combatants located in Moscow , Leningrad , or anywhere else in the world . He can not make the argument that providing support for their struggle against the Russians , we corrupted the morals and the sense of right and wrong of all Muslims to the extent that they now do n't know the difference between a Soviet Army invading Afghanistan and innocent citizens of the Western World . Does he want us to believe that Muslims have no free will ? Are Muslims so malleable and gullible that they can not distinguish between events that occurred a thousand years ago during the Crusades and the geo-politics of today ? The author seems to want to make that argument . I do n't buy any of it .
 Let 's see . I read two other books just before I read this one . One was Haim Harari 's book about terror and reason in the Middle East . Another was Brett Goldberg 's about Jenin . And I also read some articles about the `` Columbia disaster . '' No , not the space shuttle , but Columbia University in New York City and its infamous Middle East Studies department . The author is a member of this department at Columbia . He 's a signatory of the notorious divestment -LRB- from Israel -RRB- petition . He 's a defender of fellow Middle East studies department member Joseph Massad , who calls Israel `` racist , '' and claims that Zionism is antisemitic ! He 's spoken out in favor of a Truth and Reconciliation tribunal in Israel to help achieve peace there -LRB- analagous to truth and reconciliation in South Africa -RRB- . On this final point , I agree with Mamdani . We need exactly that . We need to put the Arab racists in front of the world community and get a big apology from them as well as a guarantee to stop their aggression and antizionist slanders . Unfortunately , Mamdani would turn this around , put the victims on trial and make them apologize to the thugs.In an age where a small but significant number of Muslims are terrorists and terrorist supporters , it becomes important to separate the sheep from the goats . Otherwise , all Muslims are going to be suspect . Mamdani is not helping matters by trying to justify terrorism.Mamdani talks about Jenin in this book . He quotes Ed Said , saying `` by what inhumane calculus did Israel 's army '' besiege Jenin `` and call it a response to terrorist violence ? '' And he continues by saying that `` we may never know the story of what happened in Jenin . '' Oh , but we know plenty of it from Brett Goldberg 's book , and I think everyone ought to read it . Mamdani seems to want to pretend that book does n't exist.As for suicide bombers , well , Mamdani wants to find a way to justify what they do . But why ? What goes around comes around . Sooner or later , the shoe will be on the other foot , and people will use force against the thugs . Meanwhile , just what purpose does it serve to create a culture of death and destruction ? Anyway , for reasons best known to Mamdani , we get stuff in this book such as : `` Suicide bombing needs to be understood as a feature of modern political violence rather than stigmatized as a mark of barbarism . `` And he goes on to imply that all this violence is simply noble self-defence . But it is n't . It is aggression . It is criminal.Haim Harari , in his book , was not kind to those who intentionally slander Israel . His recommendation is for people to stand up to the liars and say `` You are lying . You are deliberately spreading dangerous , vicious lies . Lies like these kill . '' Now , would it stop people from writing books like these if a few more of us were to say that ? Probably not . But if enough of us said it often enough , universities such as Columbia would be forced to make a choice between scholarship and propaganda against human rights .
 Although this is one of the better books of this nature , the author puts forth a dangerously misleading premise that is not only dishonest , but has lead repeatedly to the extinction of large number of people during the history of Islam . The author would have you believe that terrorism is reactionary in nature . That at the heart of the situation is a legitimate conflict . Almost the entire of human history , ESPECIALLY the history of Islam , reveals that to be a lie . Islam , from its inception is one long pattern of murder , mayhem , rape , pillage and enslavement against people who did it no wrong . That is the POINT of the `` religion '' . The terrorists are not extremists . They are good muslims doing exactly what their religion demands with the full support -LRB- in word and deed -RRB- of near 100 % of the muslim community in all countries . They are doing what they are doing because they perceive the western world as weak and ripe for conquest and no other reason . Or , to put it another way , there is nothing we did to influence them to do this and nothing we can do -LRB- short of exterminating every last one of them -RRB- to get them to stop what they are doing . Any attempts to negotiate will be used as a method to kill us . At least , that is what has happened to every single culture that has dealt with this problem with Islam in this way throughout history . The only ones to survive are the ones that fought them and gave no quarter . And that is exactly what we must do.This is very difficult for the western mind to grasp but Islam is the cause of terrorism . Terrorism is its reason d'etre .
 There are many good Muslims . Unfortunately , the author , Mr. Mamdani is not one of them . He is one of those verbal terrorists who continues to blame America and Israel for his own disastrous failures and the inability of the Arab and Muslim world to get past the 15th century . The chapters on America and Israel 's Genocidal activities are filled with such ridiculous points that any 9 year old could refute them.If you would like to read a pathetic comedy , this is the right book . However , it is more of a waste of good trees . Mahmood is just another leftist professor who continues to criticize and abuse the hand that feeds him , America . He is no different than the troubled child who abuses his wonderful parents , and his silly book proves it.Irwin N. Graulich
 This book was a very poorly written effort in my opinion . Additionally , the author would have you believe that the terriorism that exists today is the fault of the U.S and the protestants that make the U.S. their home . It would seem that the author alines himself with Osama Bin Laden and those who wish to control the middle east . It 's hard for me to imagine that this man is a professor at Columbia University . Instead of wasting his time here , he needs to return to his own country for the purpose of educating his own people .
 Mamdani is a highly intelligent academic and a skilled writer , but as the book progresses , his analyses become increasingly more biased and at times non-sequitur . He portrays the current conflict between militant/political Islam and the West as though it is largely America 's doing . In his view , since Vietnam , the United States ' strategy of waging proxy wars ultimately begot the current wave of Islamic terror against the west . He also holds the west responsible for the plight of the Iraqi people under Saddam Hussein . While the US has been far from being an innocent by-stander in world affairs over the past three decades , Mamdani gives US military and diplomatic influence a bit too much credit -- as though the rest of the world were a marionette doll simply going along with the United State 's grand design for history . On the flip side , he does not go far enough in holding terrorists and rogue leaders to account , or even appreciate the autonomy of their participation in those conflicts in which the US has taken part . Nor does he acknowledge the nuances and complexities involved in international relations and diplomacy , the importance for any country to protect its interests , and the utter unpredictability of future events.This book is worth reading to get a better idea of how the United States has contributed to the current state of affairs , but it requires a discerning eye .
 This is the first book by Alastair Reynolds I have read . I must say I was disappointed . The idea behind the book is interesting . But Reynolds ' writing is pedestrian at best . The pacing is terrible . The characterizations are thin . The book drags for hundreds of pages , then falls apart in the last 50 . It seems like the editor got nervous at the length and told AR to wrap it up quick-smart . I would read other books by AR if they were given to me , but I wo n't be buying any others .
 I picked this up on the strength of a short story I really enjoyed of Reynolds ' in a `` Best Sci Fi of the Year '' compilation . The short story was so good that I 'd even try reading another book of his even though I did n't like this one.Of course I 'd recommend taking this with review with a grain of salt as I 'll admit up front , I did n't make it all the way through the book . About 200 pages in I tucked the book into the seat pocket of the person in front of me and told my girlfriend that I was leaving the book on the plane . Otherwise , out of some weird affliction I have that wo n't let me abandon books unfinished no matter how bad they are , I might have wasted more time on it . There are a finite number of total hours in my entire life.Though it 's not to say that the book was bad per sae . It 's just completely unremarkable and heavy with tired sci fi clich&eacute; . There is n't an interesting character and the ones there are you 've read about in other books if you 've ever read sci fi before . The alien artifact premise of the story has been done and done better before as well . There are various attempts at twists and turns which really did n't grab my interest either.If you 're interested in reading the same story only ... you know ... better . Try some Steven Baxter . Baxter , like Reynolds , ca n't write an interesting character either but the science and themes are so much more epic and interesting . Richard Morgan is another who has touched on the ancient alien artifact idea in a much more interesting way , though his style can turn off a lot of people.Either way , there 's better stuff out there than this book . Perhaps even Reynolds other books , though I do n't speak from personal knowledge there .
 I really enjoy the science in science fiction , and believable characters . I have watched the movie Aliens many times and I have always wondered why you would pick really stupid people to go into space . Is there going to be a shortage of smart people in the future ? Are we going to rely on a bunch of idiots to take us into the far reaches of space ? Is mister Renolds watching too many soap operas on TV ?
 I usually enjoy the thrill of grand space operas . No suspense in this one though . Everything was totally predictable . The conflict between Svetlana and Bella was tedious ; the aliens were somehow uninspired . I enjoyed a couple of his other books , but this one was far too long and uneventful .
 The very worst thing one can say about a hard science fiction story is that the hard science is WRONG ! And of course I 'm not talking about the NEW science , the OLD science is what 's wrong . The entire novel hinges on that , so that 's why it gets a low rating . This is ESPECIALLY troubling when the novel is written by an astronomer -LRB- as I happen to be a professional astronomer myself -RRB- . Here 's the simplest example
 Musk Dogs ... Fountainheads . . and a spaceship that 's been on the grill to long . . Two crabby women that fight for 50 freakin ' years or is 18,000 years ! Yes I finished the book . . I know why some wanted to leave the `` structure '' . Granted the first part of the book is full of promise , chasing down Janus and the problems that ensue ... but then the wheels fall off . Read the first 1/3 of the book then pick up something else .
 Alastair Reynolds is excellent , sometimes brilliant , when it comes to science . Unfortunately he does n't understand people as well as he understands physics . In his books `` Revelation Space '' and `` Redemption Ark '' the characters tend to lack depth and be a little two dimensional , but not so much that it interferes with the story . In `` Pushing Ice '' , however , the characters make it very difficult to enjoy the book . The characters do things which are so incredibly stupid that you almost want them all to die . And it 's not as if a character was written with a flaw that causes them to make a poor decision . Mr Reynolds needs to get the plot from point A to point B , and instead of thinking of a really clever way to make the transition , as he has in some of his other books , he makes a character do something completely retarded.I really enjoy Mr Reynolds ' books , and regret giving this one a bad review . But not as much as I regret the huge flaws in `` Pushing Ice '' . Read `` Revelation Space '' instead , it is an excellent book .
 It seems to becoming fashionable these days to reuse -LRB- notice I do n't use the `` P '' word -RRB- the writing of others , and pass it off as original work . -LRB- A while back , sequels were all the rage . A.C. Clarke , with some help , wrote a slew of sequels to his famous Rendezvous with Rama . It 's been a while , but I seem to recall they had titles like Rama Redux , Rama Run , and Rama at Rest . I think . -RRB- Take , for instance , the recent award-winner Old Man 's War by John Scalzi . Nothing but recycled Heinlein there , and not a very good job of it , either . Or , look at the present volume up for consideration , Pushing Ice . Here we have yet another Rama incarnation , neither more nor less . Perhaps such blatant , er , borrowing would be acceptable if the story were n't so awfully boring . Reynolds has little flair for characterization or pacing , and , perhaps most damning for a writer of this genre , limited imagination . I find it hard to believe that , fifty years from now , people will be using our current-day slang . Let 's hope that , come 2057 , `` Do n't go there '' will be remembered as a quaint phrase whose usage died out sometime in the 2010 's . -LRB- Then again , back in 1990 , if you told me that wearing a baseball hat backwards would still be considered trendy in 2006 , I 'd have laughed . -RRB- Reynolds `` describes '' his characters by telling us what TV shows they watch and what slogans are on their t-shirts . In fact , he does an awful lot of telling , and not enough showing . Well-written dialogue conveys the emotional tone . With Reynolds , technology and people each get plenty of infodumps , so that the book reads more like a user 's manual than a novel . And of course , the lack of imagination is the real killer . I 'd be willing to read another telling of Clarke 's classic , if it was interesting . After 250 pages , Pushing Ice was just not worth the effort . More like Pulling Teeth , in my opinion .
 I do not fully understand how anyone could truly enjoy this type of science fiction . Create a pointlessly psychotic human drama that relentlessly goes sideways and does n't fully resolve itself , involving over and under developed characters that can not seem to get over themselves and never get what they deserve , and frame it all in a science fiction narrative that attempts to demonstrate how feeble and insignificant the human race is , and there you go - so called `` first rate hard-SF '' . If you confess that you honestly enjoy this kind of pointless story , good on you . Just do n't mind me blaming your proclamation on the fallacy of consensus.I have read and listened to my share of SF , but I am no authority . Though , over the years , I have come to discover that hard SF is hit or miss with me . Clarke 's Rama series ? Excellent . Asimov 's Foundation ? NO THANK YOU . Foundation was nothing more than a slap in the face of anyone who follows a religion , presented by means of a somewhat creative delivery . And , Pushing Ice was an ugly reminder to me that intellectual elitism still runs amok in the genre.I made it through the whole audiobook - only because I had to stay awake on a long drive , and I did not have a back-up plan . Serves me right . The best part of this book was finding out that I was able to return it and get my money back.Nothing personal Alastair Reynolds , but with Pushing Ice , you have given me no reason why I would ever want to read or listen to any of your other books .
 This is a profoundly depressing book , along with its companion Listen Little Man . In fact when I first read this book seriously in the mid-1970s when I devoured everything Reich wrote , reading those two books cast me into a near-suicidal depression . They are sad commentary on how Reich was destroyed , and many others of his generation was destroyed by the collapse of revolutionary communism and the imposition of STalinism.Put simply , this book is autobiographical . Reich posits that the problem of the world is that great epoch making prophets and leaders come into the world at each major stage of history . These men -- and in Reich 's telling of this tale they are all men with no thought of women at all -- are somehow possessed of greater vision because somehow they are not orgone deprived -- orgone being the basic natural energy released in healthy sex among other places according to the Wilhelm Reich from the late 1930s until his death in the 1950s -- like the normal neurotic weaklings , but they suffer and are killed and ignored by the normal neurotic weaklings.This speaks to the flaw in Reich 's system . He had begun as an assistant to Frued . Yet , Reich was familiar with the Marxist answer to Freud 's view of the permanence of the Edipus Conflict that most of human history we had non patriachial structures and not the nuclear family of modern Europe . Moreover , Reich was also influenced by the Malinowski and other anthropologists who discovered relative sexual freedom , particularly for youth , in prepatriarchal societies in the South Seas and elsewhere.Armed with these ideas and the spirit of revolutionary Marxism that swept Western Europe after the Bolshevik Revolution -LRB- Reich was born in Hungary of Austrian-Jewish parents and lived in Vienna and later Berlin before fleeing to Norway and the US after Hitler came to power -RRB- , Reich began a radical scientific psychological extension of Freudian pyschology to eliminate the conservative and idealist concepts Freud integrated in the system when Freud realized that his concepts of sexual repression clashed with the conservative family morality of middle class Europe that Freud believed in.This materialist and political aspect of Reich 's work is hard to find because after his development of `` orgone theory '' in the late 1930s all of his works were reedited to reflect it.Reich was not only widely successful as a pyschoanlyst , but launched a political movement for sexual freedom , particularly for the youth that won thousands of supporters in pre-Hitler Germany . His best work `` The Mass Pyschology of Fascism '' even with its current orgone editing shows how a battle of for sexual rights for the youth , equal rights for women , abortion rights for women , could have cut into the Nazi 's support among the Youth.Reich was expelled from the Communist Party of Germany for `` Trotskyism '' and fled to Scandanavia when Hitler came to power , for he was surely on Hitler 's death list . Across the 1930s , his belief and faith in buidling a political movement waned , and his belief that a sexual energy called orgone was emitted during good sex was born . By the 1950s , when this book was written , Orgone energy was not restricted to sexual union , but had become a basic underlying energy of the universe with which Reich proposed to cure cancer , built plans to shoot down Soviet jets , and proposed to power spaceships.In the 1920s and early 1930s , Reich understood great events in the world and mass movements such as he had witnessed and participated in in Hungry , Austria , and Germany during those years and a revolutionary movement could allow people to look beyond the limitations of every-day conservative life , and see a bigger picture and create radical change . Yet , by this time , Reich tended to believe all problems were due to orgone deprivation and more and more began to have the insane and paranoid belief that he was specially infused with orgone and a heroic view of the world because his mother had produced him through an affair with an extraterrestial!Facing this , there seemed no way to resolve the conflict between the great visionaries like Reich and Christ and orgone deprived masses whom this book despises . Great visionaries are doomed to death . Christ is murdered , and poor , delude Reich believed he was doomed to be murdered by the conspiracy of the orgone deprived led by Stalin.Sadly , this led him to send many of his papers and documents to the CIA and the US Air Force which made it easy for the government to frame him up as a quack doctor -- though Reich only did experimental medicine and psychology in the United States.He was thrown into prison . All of his books were banned and burned by the federal government . I can remember reading bootleg copies of his masterpiece The Mass Pyschology of Fascism in the late 1960s when the ban was still in effect.Oh well , if you want to see the grandeur of a revolutionary vision of how the neurotic problems of capitalist mental health can be overcome read his early writings like the Sexual Struggle of the Youth and The Sexual Revolution . If you want to read an outstanding analysis of why conservative `` family values '' politics are essential to capitalist society and how they can be defeated by a struggle for women 's rights , sexual freedom , and true liberation , read The Mass Pyschology of Fascism.If you read this one , make sure to keep the number of the suicide hotline handy !
 Wilhelm Reich 's The Murder of Christ has an introduction that states , in part , `` The problems presented in The Murder of Christ are acute problems of present-day society . However , the solutions to these problems , given in The Murder of Christ are immature , emotionally blurred , insufficient or lacking completeness . Therefore , The Murder of Christ is being published only as historical source material from the Archives of the Orgone Institute . '' The introduction appears to have been written by Reich himself , although this is not absolutely clear . If Reich did write it , it is a welcome sign that he was to some extent capable of self-criticism . The Murder of Christ is by any normal standard an appallingly bad book . It is not primarily , as its title might imply , a book about the historical person Jesus Christ , but rather one about the significance of Jesus Christ as an image or a symbol.Reich deserves credit for recognizing that the figure of Jesus Christ is of the utmost importance , and that the crucifixion provides an example that makes it possible to understand persecution and intolerance in general . That is not say that Reich 's comments on Jesus are profound or insightful ; they are neither . The idea that the life of Jesus helps to illuminate the nature of human society generally would be a brilliant starting point for historical inquiry , but Reich simply did not have the knowledge , the skill , or the patience to deliver on its promise.Even more unfortunately , Reich does not consistently distinguish between commenting on the figure of Jesus and commenting on Jesus as a historical individual . Despite occasionally explaining that it is the former that really concerns him , Reich can not resist offering opinions about Jesus the man . Reich foolishly claims that the goodness and benevolence of Jesus shows that he must have been a `` genital character '' with a wonderful sex life . Having offered his opinions about Jesus , Reich goes on to offer his opinions about pretty much everything , launching into a semi-coherent rant about what a horrible place the world is and how terrible most people are . One sympathizes with Reich
 Even thou I enjoyed the art , the book was n't in english . I wanted to read and understand about the art , to bad .
 Beware of the size of this book!If you are expecting to receive a regular size art book , you will be extremely disappointed . The book measures 7.5 x 9 inch and is thinner than my pinky finger.However , if you are just interested in the content , there is a lot to look at and to read .
 I liked the book . The mix of explanations of the painting and his life was very descriptive . I learned a lot about his friends and famliy . The book just reminds me that in every genius there 's a lunatic .
 The dust jacket of The Case That Never Dies by Lloyd Gardner -LRB- Rutgers Univ Press , 2004 -RRB- , states this is the first book -LSB- on the LKC -RSB- by a historian . Whether Hauptmann was guilty or not , Gardner concludes there was insufficient evidence to convict him of first degree murder . Hmmm ... what then was he guilty of ? Manslaughter , extortion , bad luck , or anti-German prejudice?There is much newly uncovered documentation , mainly from the FBI Records at College Park , Maryland , and the NJSP Archive . But totally omitted , for reasons that are unclear -LRB- for 3 years of delving -RRB- , are the repositories known as the Bronx DA'a Papers and the NYPD Archives . Charles Appel 's Treasury Report on Hauptmann 's handwriting , and detailed analyses on ransom bill passing prior to the notorious shoebox discovery , are simply ignored.Unfortunately , despite the advertising , the CTND is simply the latest book that has tried to sort through endless reams of data , but still manages to get many historical details egregiously wrong.Characters and dates , ages , and other book titles are mangled throughout - misspelling even Hauptmann 's name and that of the fortune tellers Peter and Mary Birrittella -LRB- two different ways on the same page -RRB- , and even the ` Sheraton ' Theatre in Greenwich Village . Sometimes Joe Perrone is John Perrone . On p. 305 , he claims that Hauptmann 's German-English Dictionary never appeared at the Trial - but it WAS introduced by the Prosecution and is listed in the Exhibits section.The technique used in the chapters on personalities mainly concern innuendo - why was CALjr 's picture on the Wanted poster taken from his first birthday party -LRB- it was n't -RRB- , and why did Betty Gow really use those safety pins to fasten Charley 's blanket the night of Mar 1 , 1932 ? We are ominously told -LRB- p. 410 -RRB- that the baby was suffering from a rare malady called -LRB- craniotobes -RRB- - brittle bones of the head . The correct term is actually craniotabes and its definition is quite the opposite - excessive softening of cranial structures . The truth , rather banal , is that the child suffered from rickets , for which he was being treated by daily doses of Viosterol and artifical -LRB- ultraviolet -RRB- light - a fact freely admitted in the diet published in the newspapers . Statements in one chapter are contradicted in another , as if the author has not read his own book.For example , some lost inventory cards have been found at the NJSPM which indicate that plaster casts were made of footprints at Hopewell - not specifically however of the footprint under the window . On p. 369 , we are told that the State Police kept this exculpatory information from the Defense , and yet on p. 319 , we are reminded that the very same details were openly printed on the front page of the NY Times -LRB- in a highlighted box -RRB- , before the Trial -LRB- Sept 28 -RRB- . So which is it?There are 2 photos of John Condon making the most of his new found fame and a single line , in passing , that JFC -LRB- alone -RRB- refused to accept any of the Lindbergh reward money . Rarely is an honest gesture understood . A mysterious footnote that Katy Fredericksen was having an affair the night she claimed that Anna was working is given as a Confidential Source . No further explanation ... This is worthy of Startling Detective magazine , and keeps the pulp tradition of the 1930s alive.What about the myths that have accumulated about the LKC over the years - should an historian help to dispel those ? It does n't happen here - on p. 19 , once again we read that Lindbergh -LRB- forgot about a speaking engagement in NYC -RRB- on that fateful Tuesday . But the original records at NYU show exactly what happened - Lindbergh 's secretary was misinformed and he thought he had agreed to show up on Friday , but not to speak . Chancellor Brown 's wife had died in the interim and the date was sent in error.Gardner deserves credit for locating the Mar 1-15 , 1932 Reliance Payroll -LRB- at the NJSPM -RRB- - the one so touted by Scaduto and Kennedy as holding the key . So why not show it ? Aha - Hauptmann 's name is not there , as the Prosecution always said.Should anyone get this book ? I have to say -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- `` yes . '' Despite my serious reservations about the poor use of the documentation and the self-defeating methodology and tone , Gardner does manage to cite a lot of material which will prove endlessly useful - to others .
 As someone who has researched the Lindbergh kidnapping extensively for the past fifteen to sixteen years and as someone who is currently writing a book on the case , I waited with bated breath for many months for this book . I was hopeful that , based on Mr. Gardner 's reputation , that this would be a significant book on the case that would dispel many of the legends and falsehoods associated with the case . I could not have been more disappointed.From a literary standpoint , the book was not written well . It is a tedious read and lacks any prominent ending . The book just stops.The theories offered by Gardner are not consistent with the facts and evidence . There are only two new pieces of evidence offered and no significant discussion of the `` tabletop confession '' which is the latest and most significant development in the case in at least ten years.Even more disturbing are the casual references to outlandish theories without any evidence or support . For example , Gardner suggests that Violet Sharpe -- the victim of a suicide -- was actually murdered by Septimus Banks . This one line is extreme and not one iota of proof is offered . There are many other examples.Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of the book are the inaccurate citations . At one point , Gardner accuses John Condon of sexual improriety with a student and actually cites Condon 's own memoirs as support . When I referered to my 1st edition copy of Condon 's book and checked the citation , there was absolutely nothing there.In all , the book was a major disappointment . I gave it one star because it is the lowest rating your system permits.There are arguments to be made on both sides of this great case . As an expert in this area , I very much enjoy good debate and was hoping this book would be intellectually stimulating . Instead , Mr. Gardner served only to further muddy the waters .
 I have previously purchased a Ross Berstein book -LRB- `` Gopher Hockey by the Hockey Gopher '' -RRB- and found that to be an entertaining read . Not so with this offeringAll Berstein seems to have done is find some of Herb 's friends , turned on his tape recorder and then transcibe their comments , verbatim . The print is too small , the words and thoughts are redundant and the small paperback has the look and feel of a self-published work , which it is.The range of interviewees is tiny compared with the breadth of Brooks ' life and all the interviews sound the same . There were a few pictures of young Herbie the player . Those are fairly interesting , but I found myself a little disappointed with this offering .
 In the book , author Bernstein notes that he writes 5 books a year . It shows . His books are poorly written
 Ok . I wanted to learn about these techniques because frankly , mind control fascinates -LRB- and scares -RRB- me . But this book is just HORRIBLE . It is loaded with cryptic , needlessly esoteric psychobabble and complex metaphors as well as thousands of random historical facts about MI6 , the CIA , the FBI , Joseph Mengele , African tribesmen , etc all strung together randomly and using no particular time line . He jumps around so much that you wonder if he himself has multiple personalities or wrote this entire book stream-of-consciousness . I am being completely serious ! In the very beginning of the book , he defines several mind control terms that will be used throughout each chapter -LRB- such as `` alter '' -RRB- , but this really does not help the reader along much because the problem is his writing style , which consists mainly of run-on sentences and extremely long-winded paragraphs that make no cognitive sense initially . This book was CLEARLY not edited by a professional . At times it is so densely packed with information that you literally have to read a single sentence 6 or 7 times to infer its meaning . Below is an example of what I am talking about . This is only a PORTION of a single paragraph -LRB- not the entire paragraph , which goes on for almost an entire page without a break -RRB- : `` In Illuminati systems these early parts are dehumanized into thinkingthey are gems and crystals . These gems and crystals then `` power '' theentire mind-control system that is programmed over the following yearsinto the child 's mind . The gems are not perceived as alters , so the proxycore would n't integrate with what is perceived as an inanimate object.The proxy core is allowed to want to move toward health with a therapist , it is programmed to move toward healing , but to lead the therapist awayfrom the true core . She or he is programmed to believe it is the truecore . The real core & its first splits , which are the gems , are placedhypnotically at the mind 's deepest levels -- in an area of the mind fewtherapists ever search . `` How could anyone possibly understand this without some kind of `` decoder ring '' ? This is actually one of the more * simplistic * sections of the book ! The whole thing reads like a technical manual . I just do n't see the point of being so cryptic if your purpose is to educate people . I honestly do n't think I would recommend this book to anyone . Ever .
 Before commenting on this very boring , badly written junk book I think it is necessary to comment on some of the political diatribes that herein pass for `` reviews `` of this volume ... Everyone knows that at wal-mart prices are low because the company is cut-throat , does n't pay its workers well , and has as it 's primary goal the intention to drive as many of its competitors out of business as possible . . so what else is new?In an era that allows a brainless twit like George W.Bush to have two terms as president , that has seen repeated tax give-aways to the rich but no increase in the federal minimum wage for the poor , that allows government to step on the constitution and trash the bill of rights , one can only wonder at the self-righteous fulminating to be found in reviews that say more about liberal anger than about how badly written this book is ... Hey!Wal - Mart thrives for the same reason that George W.Bush remains president , and for the same reason thatthe rich get richer while the poor remain poor ; BECAUSE A MAJORITY OF THE AMERICAN PUBLIC ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN ! This book is written is an ultra-dry , statistical style , apparently designed for someone other than the average reader ... If the people responsible for this book thought that with its publication a spark would be ignited that would burn wal-mart to the ground they were-and are-mistaken ... while poring over the data in this volume may indeed show wal-mart to be the predatory corporate villian that we all already accept as fact , it is not likely that many will take the time and the effort necessary to do so . . and effort is needed , as reading through most of what is contained in this volume is about as entertaining as reading the phone-book cover to cover .
 My review title pretty much says it all.One sided books are fine if not disguised . This book has an agenda , anti Wal-Mart and pro union . Facts contained are presented with all the reasons one should be anti Wal-Mart and pro union . Many facts are n't fact , like the statement that Asda took over J Sainsbury 's in 2003 - did n't happen.As the world 's largest and most successful retailer there are many more interesting books about Wal-Mart . Fine if you 're anti Wal-Mart or pro union ... but do n't preach , make a book , let me decide !
 After a semester using the text i have come to the conclusion that the authors , Brehm , Kassin , and Fein , leave more questions then answers and that their sub-par sense of humor is more then just a waste of money . After reading certain sections i get the feeling that the authors do not clearly understand the issue at hand , but rather throw 15 different research studies at the topic covering their uncertainty and topping it off with a dire attempt at a joke leaving the reader completely ambiguous .
 I 'm not sold on social psychology . Part of my issue with this discipline is my personal fight to never let people pigeon-hole me and this seems to want to it on a grand scale . Some of the text does not help one see how issues of individual psychological development tie in to the study of social psychology . This is a great failing because many people no very little about this topic .
 Just not my type of book . Very boring but I got through it . Hard to stick with it until the end .
 One has to be a young adult to enjoy this book . If you want to read about children in a foreign country without adult supervision , well , there you have it . I 'm surprised it was n't turned into a Disney movie.Definitely a children 's book .
 I had read this book over 30 years ago as a teenager and thought it would be interesting to see how I reacted to it now . It 's a fun and easy read , I 'll admit that . But I can see why I liked it more as a 14-year-old ; the book seems to have been written by a 14-year-old . And the `` moral dilemmas '' are of the kind you probably dealt with when you first learned what a `` moral dilemma '' is.And although the copy I read was a paperback from the early 1980 's that was in its umpteenth printing , it had a surprising number of typos and major grammatical errors . I guess even back then no one took the book too seriously .
 After Shogun one would expect much better . Compared with Shogun , King Rat is rather 2D . The plot is not as engrossing . I think readers will have a difficult time getting into the story . The ending is somewhat predictable -LRB- what do YOU think happens to all the prisoners ? -RRB- and there are many things that are never explained -LRB- who is the informant that knew about the radio ? -RRB- . On the whole an entertaining book , but it moves slowly and doesnt go anywhere -LRB- how exciting can life in a prison be anyway ? :P -RRB-
 I really enjoyed the first 100 pages of King Rat and expected good things from the remaining chapters . But the novel goes downhill as the reader is forced to learn more about Peter Marlowe , a character I suspect we 're supposed to admire for his complexity . The dialogue between prisoners is forced and the sub-plots are only of marginal interest . I found myself skimming the final third of the novel , as concentrating on it was much too painful.With a 4 and 1/2 star rating , a prospective reader would think they were buying `` The Brothers Karamazov '' . Same goes for all of the books on Amazon that suffer from ` grade inflation ' . With every novel commanding 4 or more stars , what 's left to differentiate the great novels ?
 I 'd heard such good things about this book , and could n't wait to read it . Unfortunately , I found it really slow . I read the paperback version , and to be honest , I could n't bring myself to finish the book . Major disappointment .
 the book is ok but I am very dissapointed in the condition of the book as I am reading it it is falling apart from the binding and it was listed as good condition but in my opion it was in poor condition water stains yellowing pages and binding is falling apart for the price I paid I expected better quality I doubt that I will purchase thru this group ever again Sharyl
 This is the 4th Clavell book I 've read , I was more than a little disappointed . I 've read them in order so far , Shogun and Tai-pan for me were breathtaking , long books which I sped through . Gai-jin was more of a chore , with not much of ending . I found King Rat dull , I think the story was n't too interesting . Other customers have commented on how harsh the prison was - too be honest , I thought it would 've been worse . The King had none of the charisma of the heroes in the other books , and I found myself not really caring whether or not either him or Marlowe made it . Although a lot was made of their inner feelings , this made me feel that they were both just shallow people .
 James Clavell 's `` King Rat '' is hands down the worst of his Asian saga . Only related to the other four by the main character 's possession of a `` gold ring , signet of the Clan Gordon '' -LRB- italics -RRB- mentioned once on the seventh page . Any reader of Clavell would expect this to have some significance later but the thread never reemerges . Did the author forget about it , carried away by his clearly sophmoric adulation of his Hero ? Or did he toss it in at his publisher 's request in order to somehow justify this waste of print by weakly connecting it to his better works . And what is this shiftless down-and-out motherless drunkard 's son doing with such a treasure anyway ? Surely that would have made a more interesting book . Of course , the matural answer is that Clavell is telling his own story , what he lived through as a POW . He has , however , forgotten the first rule of freshman exposition
 after reading all of clavell 's books , i was looking forward to King Rat . It made me uneasy . I was left with a very disatisfied feeling . Who rated this book so high ? were they relatives?I do not recommend it .
 Why does it look as though the same person wrote all seven of the reviews above ? Kind of odd , huh ?
 This book does not present much information about Chopin the man , and stumbles around endlessly about Chopin 's music . The prose is laughably dated . Who can not help laughing at sentences like `` Chopin distrusted Jews , but that 's the way Poles are . '' The French , English , Germans , and Hungarians
 The biography is very disappointing , the musical descriptions are poetic but do n't get into much detail . If you want a general feel for Chopin 's music but do n't want intricate musical detail , the descriptions of the pieces may suit your need . That 's the only reason I did n't give this book the lowest possible rating.For biographical info , `` Chopin in Paris '' by Tad Szulc is much more informative and accurate . Huneker 's biography , besides being relatively short , takes off on gossipy tangents that often jump around in time making it hard to get a good feeling for Chopin 's progression thru life.My problem with the musical descriptions -LRB- the book is divided into 76 pages of biography and 141 pages of music `` analysis '' , divided into sections on preludes , mazurkas , etc. -RRB- is again the gossipy nature . For example , the chapter on the preludes is 13 pages long . The first four pages are strictly about who claimed when and where they were written.I recently played Prelude No. 4 in E Minor at Peabody in Baltimore . Prior to the recital , I was deluged with coaching at college master-class play-ins , etc. . The discussions centered on things like why the downbeat beginning each measure is played weaker than usual , contributing to the feeling of hopelessness in the piece.Huneker 's descriptions are
 This book is listed with Weinstock as the author , but Huneker is the author . Weinstock wrote the forward . He also wrote a book called `` Chopin
 The book covers several generations , so with each generation you have to re-learn all the characters . It is difficult to keep track of who 's who when every time you get to know the cast , 200 years suddenly pass and we 're in the middle of a new crisis . I did n't read the whole series because of this -- it was obnoxious .
 I got pretty bogged down with the multiple characters and places and time periods . Not a good book to pick up occasionally , takes a focussed reading . And that 's just one of the series !
 No judgement againt asimov as a sci fi innovator , but i did not find the story telling to be very enthralling and felt almost no emotional connection to the series of characters introduced over large jumps in time.The method for introducing new twists or skipping decades by introducing fake abreviated &#34; encyclopedia galactica &#34; entries was awkward and rough .
 I realize I 'm in the minority compared to the other reviews but I do n't feel this book is even close to being half as good as the first foundation book . The two stories lacked charters that I cared about and unlike the first foundation book their was very little to contemplate . Also I guessed the big twist in the second story by the third page .
 Asimov is often said to have a flat style and to be unable to create credible characters . It 's my opinion . And Asimov is never more ridiculous than when he writes about feelings , especially about love -LRB- scenes seem to be described by a child or a thinking machine -RRB- . But this writer is still gifted at setting clever plots every reader will enjoy , for instance in his robots tales -LRB- of course do not expect more than a quality entertainment , as often with sci-fi -RRB- . However , Fondation is not really a clever book ; it is not boring , but it has poor content . You will finish it but probably wo n't read it again . First problem , it is impossible to believe in psychohistory , which smells like positivist propaganda from the 19th century . And because he has nothing more than an adventure story to tell , Asimov uses all kinds of tricks to grip the reader , including lots of surprises justified by unlikely and twisted arguments , some of which you may find hard to swallow . To conclude , Fondation is a kind of cartoon
 It is n't my kind of book but , I thought , I would give it a try . We read it in our book club . Some of the readers liked it , most of them did n't . I did n't . But , the author did have great insight to the future in the 1950 - 1960 's
 The title of this item says '' -LRB- 3 books boxed set ... '' however , when I purchased and received this item , I was only sent one book . I was expecting three books , especially for the price that I paid , and was only sent one . Therefore , I am rating this item very poorly .
 I read the foundation books and was reminded why I do n't like asimov . The man has Phd 's in chemistry and a gazillion other physical sciences and he likes to show it off . And that makes it very hard for us lay scifi geeks .
 I was dissatisfied with this novel . Being an avid fan of Asimov and the Foundation series , the younger version of the mathimatical genius did not match with older one who changed the history of his race for the better ; nor did I think that the story with female very appealing , again it did not match . The story seemed tacked on to the series just to write another novel . It is unfortunate that the writer who invented the positronic brain , the three law of robotics , and of course the genuis of the foundation series wrote such a tacked on story .
 Publisher
 ... To my surprise and disappointment , I found `` Foundation '' to be an exceptionally terrible `` book '' , totally undeserving of the praise it has received here . As some of the other reviewers have pointed out , the writing style is of a very poor quality indeed . It is not only very dull and dry , but it is also totally lacking in any kind of style or art . The dialogue is simply dreadful , the character development is nonexistent , and the story is pointless and not at all well structured . The fact that this alleged `` novel '' is really a collection of short stories is readily apparent , as there is no cohesion and very poor correlation between sections . This is not memorable writing in any way and it has no redeeming qualities as a work of literature . In fact , the only time I should ever like to mention it again is as an example of poor writing , atrocious story-telling , and science-fiction that is totally wanting for any kind of inspiration . ...
 Recently finding myself with a lot of time on my hands after having just graduated school , I started picking up and reading a lot of the `` greatest '' works of science fiction . After having noticed all the editorials , reviews , and awards attributed to the Foundation series , I did n't hesitate to order all the books in the series . What a mistake ! I 'm not sure what people are seeing in these novels , but in no way do they even come close to approaching some of the other hallmarks of sci-fi , like Dune , Ender 's Game , you name it . This book has a semi-interesting setup about trying to preserve civilization during a coming galactic dark age , but beyond that the book devolves into stupid scenario after scenario about how the Foundation is threatened but through the citizens ' skill -LRB- i.e. sheer stupidity and dumb luck -RRB- they manage to somehow make it through the crisis only to face another yawner a few pages later . In between each crisis numerous years elapse , so by the time Asimov sets up the next unrelated crises , the entire cast of characters changes -- you barely have time to figure out their names much less get to know any person in significant detail.This series of books did nothing but put me to sleep on multiple occassions when normally if a book is good I 'll stay up all night to finish it . My advice is to steer well clear from this series and try one of the other highly rated sci-fi books out there -- there are so many others that would be far preferable .
 I can understand why this book is considered one of the best science fiction books ever written , especially considering the time period it was written in . It has a very interesting concept of destination and cause and effect -LRB- although it is weak in execution and very weak in explanation -RRB- . For these reasons and other I should only give this book a one star , but instead I gave it two and I will explain why later.There is almost zero character development in this book . The extremely short chapters jump thirty years to eighty years and more between chapters . Almost every `` book '' within this book has a new set of characters with only a few references of the `` heroes '' from the previous `` books . '' At times , this makes for very confusing reading because I had no idea who the new people were in the successive chapters.As mentioned in the title , this book suffers greatly from the Superman sydrome . By this I mean that you know the outcome before the events have unfolded . Superman ca n't be beat -LRB- except for by Doomsday in the comics but he comes back anyway -RRB- and therefor when watching the movies you know he wins . So there just has to be more elaborate plans and more complex ways of defeating him but he still will win . The same is true with the foundation . Harry Seldon , the prophet who esentially created the foundation , knew what was going to happen because he could see the future . Every `` book '' in `` Foundation '' will ultimately see the Foundation as the victor , so there just must be more complex problems arising , but of course the Foundation will ultimately prevail . And in this book , the problems are not really that complex , just different social economies arising to counter the previously established social economy that prevailed in the previous `` book . '' I can only imagine that in the later books the problems will get ridiculously complex - maybe even too complex for enjoyment.Because this book has almost zero characterization and is very predictable I would give this book one star , but instead I gave it two . The reason for this is because I have read the backs of the other books in the Foundation series and other reviews of them and I am interested in the storyline . I want to read about the Mule in Foundation and Empire , and I want to read about Earth in Foundations Edge . If not for that this book would recieve a one star rating from me and I would also never recommend this book or ever pick it up again.It may be a classic , but it 's not that great . It 's not great at all .
 I only recently read this so called masterpiece . I even went do far as to order the special complete edition from the Science Fiction Book Club . Even though I got through it I can not believe all of the outstanding reviews and awards this series has received . No characters , no science , no mystery -LRB- who coul n't figure out the identitiy of the Mule ? -RRB- . In addition the story is basically one of the collapse of the Roman Empire . It probably could have been rewritten replacing historical language instead of spacefare and it would not have mattered in the slightest . The only science fictional element was Psychohistory which is not developed at all due to the nature of the plot . If this is a classic , I shall stick to more obscure and worthwhile reads . Blech .
 I just finished reading Foundation and was extremely disappointed . Maybe I was expecting too much , something grander along the line of the Dune series . But the book in of itself is an extreme disappointment . I realize Asimov was young -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he wrote this , but his style leaves a lot to be desired . I 'll take an early Arthur C. Clarke book over Asimov anyday . This is the first book by Asimov I 've read and I 'm not sure I want to read another . His style is very dialoge driven with very few , if any , detail given to what the characters think . Everyone is very two-dimensional . And he never describes any of the scenes were all of this dialog takes place . Part of the interest in science-fiction is exploring new places , seeing different things . This entire story could have taken place on an empty stage . In fact , it seems like it 's written more for a play than a novel . As for the story , it starts out interestingly enough . The Empire is going to crumble and to avoid thousands of years of dark-ages , a Foundation is set up to preserve the past learnings of the Empire . Well , that 's what the original thought was at least . Soon we discover there 's an alternate motive to this . Once we learn of this motive , the story goes straight downhill . Asimov skips decades from one page to another . Characters are introduced that we know pratically nothing about , and he never tells us anything about them . I 've read history books that had more character development than he gives the people in this book . By the time I got to the end I found myself saying `` So what '' ? Am I supposed to continue on reading this series because it 's been called a `` classic '' . I 've seen the word `` classic '' thrown around a little too much sometimes . This is defintely one of those times .
 The book was apparently resent after not arriving 5 weeks after ordering and it still hasnt arrived after two months . phshopus customer service has been responsive but there is something going wrong with the shipment process
 Prelude to Foundation is excellent . However , you should stop there . Foundation is bad . This book is totally predictable . Read DUNE if you want something intelligent and entertaining . Read FOUNDATION if you want something that you probably wo n't even finish .
 Disclaimer
 After somehow assiduously avoiding Asimov 's seminal `` masterpiece '' for over 50 years since I began reading sci-fi , I decided to dip into this ponderous tome.Oh , forsooth , the ancient bard 's Shakespearean language came alive once more , only this time , more than 12,000 years into the future.But , lo , some things have never changed
 The book starts with an enticing psychohistory idea , but then it dives deep into politics . It is quite interesting to read the ingenious solutions for the crises taken by the great leaders of the Foundation , specially for resigning war whenever it seemed the most sensible way out.The problem is that this book is supposed to be science fiction , yet the story seemed to have happened back in the mercantilism period in the XVII century , with its priests , kings , viceroys and merchant ships trading raw materials for manufactured goods . The gadgets used by the traders to fool the other empires are a bit silly as well , for a far future based science fiction .
 When I was in junior high school , Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy was my favorite science fiction . Recently , I picked it back up , and have had to revise my opinion somewhat.First , in terms of character and plot development , Asimov certainly had n't hit his stride when he wrote these books . The characters are cardboard cutouts -- especially the female characters.More importantly , Asimov uses the basic idea behind the series ... that Hari Seldon created his `` psychohistory plan '' and launched it , invisibly determining the future of his Foundations for centuries ... as a kind of magic box from which he pulls plot developments . This drains the story of dramatic tension . One knows from the get-go that it 'll all work out in the wash . -LRB- In the second half of `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' , Asimov had found a way out of this problem , by introducing a wild card in the deck . -RRB- Finally , the book has n't aged well . The technology forseen for his far-future galactic civilization seems positively `` retro '' . Normally , this would n't be a problem ... Orwell 's 1984 is still an effective piece of fiction , even though it 's 2002 , and the world is far different from the world Orwell envisioned ... but the Foundation books ' other flaws just seem to make this worse .
 The Foundation novel is very dated , which I suppose is a function of the time it was written . Women are almost entirely absent except when they turn to putty over pretty pieces of jewelry . A gun is an `` atomic blaster , '' and other quaint 50s relics.The one dimensionality of the characters is problematic . I have to admit that although I do n't read a lot of science fiction , I know priority is never put on characterization . However , since nearly all of the ideas of the book are no longer relevant , this shortcoming becomes glaring . The book is more of a time capsule than a living book.There is actually a single main character who re-occurs as 3 different personas -LRB- Seldon , Hardin , and Mallow -RRB- . SeldonHardenMallow is calm , calculating , and always right . His opponents flail around until the denouement when SeldumHardenMallow has maneuvered them into exactly the right position and emerges victorious . It 's so predictable that there is n't any dramatic tension.The biggest problem I had with the book is that the politics seem very nave . This novel was supposedly based on Gibbon 's `` The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire , '' but Foundation seems to have only to most primitive understanding of that work.I do n't really understand the love generated toward this book . It seems particularly flat . A lot of people seem to enjoy it -- just not me , I guess .
 Just writing this to provide moral support for anyone who reads this book and is thoroughly underwhelmed.Asimov 's prose is clean but his tone seems uneven in this installment , as opposed to the tighter first book.The book is essentially two disconnected adventures ... not very appealing.There 's a female character in the second adventure that 's quite problematic ; she 's dull , and Asimov spends a lot of time and effort on the fact that she 's -LRB- gasp -RRB- not male.Finally , this series feels very dated , in terms of language , attitudes , and even vision of the future . `` Nuclear '' is the buzzword ; everything 's like the '50s , but nuclear-powered . I liked Foundation but Foundation & Empire tends to wander away from the idea of the Foundation as the main character , and instead ca n't seem to decide whether to focus on galactic-level events or protagonists . This would be excusable if the protagonists were interesting.Go read Jack Vance or Gene Wolfe if you want masterful sci-fi !
 I just finished reading Foundation and was extremely disappointed . Maybe I was expecting too much , something grander along the line of the Dune series . But the book in of itself is an extreme disappointment . I realize Asimov was young -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he wrote this , but his style leaves a lot to be desired . I 'll take an early Arthur C. Clarke book over Asimov any day . This is the first book by Asimov I 've read and I 'm not sure I want to read another . His style is very dialogue driven with very few , if any , detail given to what the characters think . Everyone is very two-dimensional . And he never describes any of the scenes were all of this dialog takes place . Part of the interest in science-fiction is exploring new places , seeing different things . This entire story could have taken place on an empty stage . In fact , it seems like it 's written more for a play than a novel . As for the story , it starts out interestingly enough . The Empire is going to crumble and to avoid thousands of years of dark-ages , a Foundation is set up to preserve the past learning 's of the Empire . Well , that 's what the original thought was at least . Soon we discover there 's an alternate motive to this . Once we learn of this motive , the story goes straight downhill . Asimov skips decades from one page to another . Characters are introduced that we know practically nothing about , and he never tells us anything about them . I 've read history books that had more character development than he gives the people in this book . By the time I got to the end I found myself saying `` So what '' ? Am I supposed to continue on reading this series because it 's been called a `` classic '' . I 've seen the word `` classic '' thrown around a little too much sometimes . This is definitely one of those times .
 I ordered this book 2 weeks ago and it just now came today . What 's worse , it 's in absolutely terrible shape . The front cover is ripped , the spine has old sticker residue on it , and the back looks like it 's been chewed on by a small animal . So much for being `` Used - Very Good Condition ''
 Pssst ! The Emperor has no clothes . All but a few seem afraid to admit it . Thank goodness for those brave folks who panned this vaunted ` classic ' here . I only wish I had heeded their warning .
 This novel has a lot of ideas that do not fit together . The science , characters , and society are not memorable .
 This book has all the Asimovian trademarks
 I respect Asimov as a writer of science fiction . However after reading all of the Foundation series I wish it had more humanity in it . The book was overly complex . The characters did nothing for me . The Foundation series is over rated in my humble opinion . It falls in the category that I call dry sci-fi . Asimov 's Robot series was better than this .
 The book , Foundation , by Isaac Asimov , has promise but leaves the reader without satisfaction upon completion . Though having what initially appears to be a gripping plot , the grip loosens throughout the book . While philosophers may enjoy the lack of action and adventure , other readers who crave that amazingly described action sequence , will find that this is not the book to get . Taking place beyond the year 12,000 A.D , the Galactic Empire , spanning galaxies , is predicted by the revered physcohistorian , Hari Seldon , to crumble . On a mission to shorten a period of 30,000 years of barbarism after the fall of the Galactic Empire , to a mere millennium , he establishes an association , the Foundation , to preserve the Universe 's knowledge in a giant Encyclopedia . Foundation takes place on many different planets in many galaxies across the universe . This book spans many generations and involves many characters , as the book covers in different plot lines that converge at the end.Foundation is a book that focuses on political issues , thus making the book void of action and adventure . This can make the book extremely boring and aggravating to some readers . The story focuses on conflicts among activist parties and groups conspiring against the political leaders of the Foundation 's home world , Terminus , as well as diplomatic and religious conflicts between the Foundation 's home planet , Terminus , and neighboring kingdoms such as Anacreon and Smyrno , along with greedy kingdoms bent on conquest of their neighbors . But out of the 285 pages of the book , there is only one significant action sequence , which is between the kingdom of Anacreon and the Foundation . The sequence involves a mass riot and uprising of priests on Anacreon 's home world , along with the total emancipation of the Anacreonian naval fleet by a priest who threatens to curse the fleet . When characters , like the mayor of Terminus and his advisors , discuss war or the inevitability of a war , there never is an explanation of what occurs during the fighting , just a summary of the war , and who is the victor . An example is at the end of the book , when there is a war between the Foundation and the world of Korell , because of disagreements over religious beliefs and the tolerance of missionaries . The war is only summed up in an excerpt from the `` Encyclopedia Galactica '' . Another noticeable point about Foundation is how confusing it is in many aspects . The book is broken up into `` Parts '' that separate time , setting , and characters . A part entitled `` The Mayors , '' which takes place mainly on Terminus and involves the mayor , Salvor Hardin , and the relations between his world and the kingdom of Anacreon , is then followed by one entitled `` The Traders , '' which takes place many decades later and involves totally different characters in a different part of the galaxy . When and where each part takes place is not answered until later into the chapters of the part . Also confusing is the fact that new characters are introduced quickly in every part , thus making it harder for the reader to grasp . If the reader gets attached to a character or really likes where the plot and characters are going in a certain part , he or she will be unpleasantly surprised when those characters are never talked about again in the novel , after that part.One good thing about Foundation is that it expresses new and intriguing ideas about predicting the future through the science of psychohistory and what the human race and universe will be like in ten more millennia . This includes the idea of having a Galactic Empire that controls millions of planets . Along with ideas of nuclear power still being the most advanced power system , man-sized force fields able to block any nuclear handgun 's blast and giant space ships with the capability to destroy planets are discussed . Also the ideas of monarchy being the prime governmental system is included in the novel . These may seem like interesting ideas that would make Foundation a great book , but the reader may find that these ideas also make the story harder to understand because they are either seemingly too primitive for the time period , or too far-fetched to be logical . This book could be someone 's favorite book , if they happen to like philosophical books without action . It could also be the bore of a lifetime for some people .
 Foundation is the epitome of the ideal of the pessimistic technocratic utopian . Strange as it may sound , the plot is as follows
 I read this book as a teenager and was excited to be reminded of it recently . I went to Amazon to purchase the book to find that it is one without text to speech enabled.I make it my policy not to buy any book that does n't have this feature as I prefer to read when I 'm stationary and listen while I 'm driving . Since the future is n't here yet and I ca n't safely read while I 'm driving , this is a problem for me.Listen up publishers . I 'm not going to buy your audio book . Disabling this feature just ensures that I 'll not buy your ebook either . If I really want to read this book , I 'll find a used copy because you 've annoyed me that much .
 Copyright restrictions make it so I can not get this classic on my kindle ... Its a kindle , I should be able to get any book in any language sent to me in any part of the world . I hate you Johnny Copyright !
 Count me with the minority who found this book unreadable . It was incredibly dated with imagery very thin and sparse . I got lost in the pointless dialog and was unable to finish .
 The book is written about an empire in the future . I 'm not really sure why Asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer , which is a dying system of government , instead of a democratic republic . I know this is nit-picking , but I did n't like this book.Apparently , the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics . Anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician , as I do , knows that it 's difficult to predict what 's going to happen in anyone 's life tomorrow , much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics.This book is intellectual worship , which is something I ca n't stand . Intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else , so feel they should rule over everyone else , if only you would listen to them . This idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude . This smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable . Another idea that 's patently absurd - that any event that occurs is inevitable.If this guy was so smart as to predict , with a high degree of accuracy , the downfall of civilization , and the rising of a new one , along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through , why was n't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization . Surely , with his predictive ability people would listen to him , but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason.And Asimov is a mediocre writer . The story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed . I read this book because as a sci-fi fan , I felt obligated .
 I enjoy Asmov 's science books . They are informative , clever and witty . But his science fiction is another matter . They are poorly written . And worse , I did n't believe a word of Foundation . Such accutate prediction is impossible . It 's not only extremely difficult to predict the major trends , but to have his character predict such minor details as well is absurd . Just one example of the difficulties of prediction
 So many people like this book and have called it a `` classic '' - I felt I had to read it . I am not a hard-core sci-fi reader , but I did enjoy reading books by Herbert , Heinlein , Bradbury , and the like . So I though I 'd give Asimov a chance . To my surprise , I did n't like this book at all.I have read some bad books in my life , but this is the first bad book I bothered to read all the way through . I kept waiting for it to get better . I kept waiting for the `` eureka '' moment when I finally understood why everyone likes this book so much . It never happened , and when I finally came to the end of the book , I realized that Mr. Azimov stole a good two hours of my life and gave me NOTHING in return.The story sounds interesting , and in the hands of another writer it may have bore fruit . Unfortunately , in Mr Asimoz 's hands , the story falls flat in the implementation . Had the writing not been funny , I would have been completely bored . Of course , Mr. Azimov did not intentionally make me laugh - sadly , his understanding of the human condition appears to be based largely on old , cheap pulp fiction novels . The characters are completely one dimensional and unconvincing . I truly can not understand why anyone would like this book - but calling it a classic is simply unbearable . I can only assume that most of the people reviewing this book favorably are children . In any case , they are certainly not familiar with truly good writing . My advice
 Being a sci-fi fan myself , I decided I wanted to try reading some of the works by the giants of sci-fi . I had always heard how great `` Foundation '' was , so I thought I 'd start with this one . I was thoroughly disappointed ! Asimov used way too many large words -LRB- `` using dollar words where dime words would suffice '' -RRB- . The story seemed to jump around from one time to another . The characters were very one-dimensional and very flat ... I did n't have that `` I wonder what 's going to happen next to -- '' . I just did n't care what was going to happen next to the characters or in the story . There did n't seem to be anything to propel this story along ; nothing to develop the characters or the story . I read over 100 pages and I still had no interest in what was happening . -LRB- Even Stephen King , who can be pretty tough to get into his stories , has me hooked within 50 to 60 pages ! -RRB- I just do n't get what all the hype is over this book . Could someone out there PLEASE tell me ! I will try to get into his Robot series ... maybe he has better character and story development in them ... I hope !
 The Foundation is completely undeserving of the fame accredited to it . Had it been more eloquently executed , the collage of textbook style narrative and bad dialogue might have been sufficient to generate a bearable story . All the social concepts Asmov brings up are well worn and ill-portrayed on the backdrop of a generic , illogical sci-fi universe . His writing style is bland and every one of his characters can be found by an other name in star wars .
 This has to be one of the most over rated books -LRB- and series -RRB- of all time.The dialog and character development is horrible . The characters have about as much depth as paper dolls . The language is about as colorful as a newspaper.The ideas behind the novel may have been new and interesting 50 years ago , -LRB- although anyone familar with Wells , Huxley , or Verne would debate that -RRB- , but now they are just tired and beaten like a dead horse .
 ... It is awful , truly one of the worst books that I 've ever read ... Good writing does not not to be defended like this , and the need to defend a book in this way prety much proves that it is a substandard work .
 Right where a character talks about his old age of sixty-two years.Yeah , right . An advanced galactic civilization , thousands of years old , with FTL travel and turnkey exoplanets just right for human habitation everywhere , never bothered to find medical treatments for aging . That might have sounded plausible in science fiction 60 + years ago , but much less so today . The novel also suffers from a lot of faults which other reviewers have noted . Perhaps Asimov 's stories blew geeks ' minds in the 1940 's and 1950 's , but his work has n't aged well.BTW , Asimov , Heinlein , Clarke , Carl Sagan and a lot of other scientifically knowledgeable people in the mid 20th Century accepted the existence of exoplanets based on NO evidence at all until the mid 1990 's , while at the same time criticizing similar claims without evidence as woo-woo . Just by coincidence the exoplanet faith position happened to resemble observable reality somewhat - but it did n't have to . Even then , the existence of so many `` hot Jupiters '' surprised a lot of astronomers involved in the hunt for exoplanets . Exoplanetologists may not find plausible earthlike planets for many years .
 I could n't wait to read the first of the Foundation novels , having got such great reviews , and having heard that it 's been such an inspiration to so many other sci-fi authors . But I could barely finish it . The book is flat-out boring . There is no action , choosing rather to focus mostly on matters of political intrigue . If you like watching CSPAN , then you 'll love this book.There is also no continuity of storyline or characters . The book constantly jumps ahead in time right about the time you 've wrapped your head around the current characters and plot.It 's like a set of boring short stories , loosely stitched together with an single underlying theme .
 This seems like awfully shoddy science fiction to me . The old complaint about thin characterization is n't even the worst of it , nor are the crazy anachronisms -LSB- rampant cigar smoking , newspapers and casual misogyny -RSB- . But so much of this plot develops in the form of uninteresting local political maneuvers between slightly AynRandized heroes and buffooning villians , with no sense of place or grandeur whatsoever.The timeline of the novel is suddenly too breif after introducing the vast concept of a 40,000 year swing through history , and neither the future society Asimov has envisioned nor the apparant brilliance of the plan at the heart of this series are ever portrayed convincingly . Whatever powerful effect this book may have had in its day , it is bereft of it now .
 ... but that did n't prevent me from intensely disliking it . The characters are flat , the story is contrived , and why are all people of power in this world men ? Very realistic idea of the future .
 I am a huge fan of science fiction and fantasy , and have been reading these books for 20 years . I picked up the Foundation books because Asimov was supposed to be so great , and I really enjoyed his short stories . This book - all of the books in this series - is so amazingly boring it could be used to replace Thorazine . The concept was solid , but the characters made me not care at all . I kept hoping they would die simply so there would be something interesting happening . If you must read it , check it out from the library and save your money . Unless of course you 're a chronic insomniac ; then , by all means , buy this book .
 `` Foundation '' is considered by many SF devotees to be one of the greatest creations of the genre . It won the Hugo award to prove it , spawned many sequels , and even a couple of prequels . I was excited to read this book , expecting it to live up to its many accolades.Boy , was I disappointed!The basic idea of this novel is fascinating
 I bought this book because Asimov is supposedly one of the sci-fi greats , but if this book is a good example of his work his reputation is overblown . I found the characters to be flat and one dimensional . The story uses unrealistic plot devices . Yes I understand that it 's science fiction , but I find it strains credulity to think that the characters were able to invent a religion worlds-spanning religion in 30 years . It also did n't seem very likely that a 12,000-year-old empire would so quickly crumble into the stone age -LRB- I 'm exaggerating slightly -RRB- . I realize that this book was written in 1951 but the high tech stuff in the story was hardly high tech back then , much less in an empire spanned the galaxy.Bottom line
 I have heard so much about this book over the years but did n't like Asimov 's writing so I never read it . Well , I thought maybe this was different but no , it 's the same poor writing . I love the idea of psychohistory but that 's where the love ends for this book . And Hari Seldon dies before we get to know and like him . Dull , mostly pointless conversations between people you do n't know as the story jumps quickly over time ruin this book . And how lazy of Asimov to not develop his ideas . At one point he gets out of this by having a character watch a movie that we ca n't see which describes something that would have been interesting and clever had it been developed.I guess I 'll finish the series because I 've heard the other books are better . Phew , glad I got this out of the way .
 With all the rave reviews about this book , perhaps I set my hopes too high . I just really did n't care for this book . There is almost no character development -LRB- since every chapter spans huge jumps in time -RRB- and the `` science '' in this novel takes a back seat to the political ideas of the author . With endless pages of dialog and few reasons to care about any of the characters , I had a very hard time getting through this one . And while I know it was written years ago , the author 's science-fantasy was pretty much limited to `` nuclear powered devices . '' That just did n't feel like much of a stretch of the imagination , all things considered.I thoroughly enjoy sci-fi when told by authors such as H.G. Wells and Ray Bradbury . These authors know how to paint a picture in your mind and bathe your imagination in colorful imagery . In Foundation , however , I was thoroughly unimpressed by the style , context and story as told by Azimov - it was boring , unimaginative , and I never even had the pleasure of painting the scene being played out in my mind . I would definitely not recommend this book .
 Asimov had some interesting concepts in this novel . It 's unfortunate that he killed them with his stale characters and unbelievable plot devices . The book -LRB- and its successors -RRB- read like an episode of Leave It to Beaver set in outer space . The repetitive vault openings became tediously predictable - I felt like I had read the same chapter a dozen times . Read the Cliff Notes , save yourself some time . *****
 I know ! I 'm as surprised as you are that I did n't enjoy this much-touted classic ! I added it to my list of summer must-reads , and it was probably the worst of the bunch . After the second or third time an expected dramatic climax was suddenly resolved by a literal deus ex machina , the thrill was gone . Maybe Asimov was being ironic ?? I did enjoy meeting a trader who could 've been a Han Solo relative , but that was the highlight . Asimov fans may enjoy this one , but I will stick to Clarke , Bradbury , and Heinlein .
 I read this book based on overall good reviews of the series and Asimov in general . The story had some interesting moments and actually started off quite solidly . But then , the politics took over and the Sci-Fi aspect was completely lost . This book felt like a drama class play that could have taken place anywhere and almost at anytime . I never felt like I was in space or that anything related to Sci-Fi was present . I didnt mind the story so much but being a Sci-Fi book means that I expect some technical `` sciency '' details and didnt get anything in this book . I also did not like the huge jump from each major chapter regarding time . Just when you feel that the plot and characters are `` settlling-in '' you jump 80 years and have to start all over again . Lastly , there was very little scene setup . I rarely knew where the dialog was taking place or what the surroundings were ... hence the comparison to a stage play.If you like Arthur Clark 's style of Sci-Fi like me and prefer the Science aspect of Sci-Fi to be featured in books you read then I would not recommend this book . It is somewhat over-rated and is n't really Sci-Fi In my opinion ...
 The first time I tried to read Foundation , I was six years old , and it was simply too complex for my developing mind . Just a few months ago , however , I was cleaning out my attic and came across the same old book . To ascertain it 's actual nature as interpreted by the adult mind , I read it again . I was amazed not only by the sheer brillance and ingenuity of the ideas contained within it , not only by the grandiose size of the subject matter , but mostly by the writing , which I regarded as absolutely horrid . The plot is clunky , the conversations roll off the tongue like sandpaper covered in peanut butter , and the descriptions could have been written better by some obscure species of mosquito . As a book , it could be improved by changing the title from `` Foundation '' to `` How Not to Write a Book '' or `` Please Steal These Ideas and Rewrite Them in English . '' I highly reccomend it to people for use as a very expensive and ineffective paperweight .
 50,000 years in the future and they are still smoking cigarettes , reading newspapers , the main power source is nuclear energy . . and they carry nuclear guns ??? A kid in the 2nd grade has more imagination!I almost made it to the end . It had gotten so absurd that it finally just drifted off to a shelf ... What I did n't like :1 -RRB- Lack of imagination -LRB- see above -RRB- .2 -RRB- Cardboard characters . Nobody to really cheer for . . either the character is a pencil necked geek or some babbling fool .3 -RRB- False religion mumbo jumbo
 This has to be one of the worst books i EVER picked up . Within the fist 50 pages , iwas bored out of my mind . I do n't know why everyone think this book is SOOOOO good , do n't listen to them . If you like BAD books this is the one for you ! I hope Asimov has some better books , cause he has to be acclaimed a good writer for something -LRB- or book -RRB- !
 This book is one of the most overrated books I have ever read . There is very little in the way of plot and character development . There is no climax in this book . The book reads like a historical record , similar to Tolkiens Silmarillion , rather than an actual story . If you like reading historical records , you may like this book . If you are looking for an exciting novel ... . better luck elsewhere .
 I tried to listen to this story on CD , and aside from the story not being terribly interesting , I was surprised at Asimov 's attitude towards religion . I suppose I should n't have been . He is a sci fi writer , after all . But I thought he was supposed to be a smart guy . He 's not -- at least on this point.The basic outline of the story -LRB- at least the beginning -- I did n't make it all the way through -RRB- is that some guy predicts that the galactic empire is going to fall , so he tries to make provision to preserve technology so that the succeeding dark ages do n't last as long as they otherwise might . Toward that end he gets a select group of scientists onto this relatively isolated planet where they can carry on their work , which becomes the invention and maintenance of a religion that 's supposed to preserve certain technologies through the coming dark ages . In this religion the high priests understand the theory -- the technology and all that -- but the local priests and the people are duped into believing in some mumbo jumbo.It 's as if you 're supposed to picture some priest waving incense and saying prayers while he adjusts the knobs on the nuclear reactor , believing that it 's God doing something while it 's really just technology.I know that `` technology as magic '' and `` religion = magic '' are common themes in the sci-fi genre , but for some reason I expected better from Asimov . It shows a rather alarming lack of thought.Religious rituals are always geared towards the chaotic and the mysterious . There are n't religious rituals to cause the sun to rise , because it 's regular and dependable , but there are religious rituals for storms and floods and harvests and childbirth and whatnot . Religion is also used to explain hidden things -- psychology , forgiveness , etc.IOW , religion is subject to criticism -LRB- `` it 's not measurable '' -RRB- in precisely the area where Asimov is trying to squeeze it . He 's trying to make religion the mystical cloak for something that 's regular , predictable and logical . It just does n't work that way.If religious rituals had precise , measurable results , people would suspect that there 's nothing religious or mysterious about them and they 'd look for a material cause . Anyone who doubts that simply does n't understand the religious mind , or has n't been paying attention . Sure , there are gullible religious folk out there who 'll believe anything , but the majority have half an eye out for tricks and deceptions.The very idea that you can hide technology behind a cloak of religious ritual is a rather silly science fiction writer 's fantasy.Anyway , the story was n't that compelling , and this `` religious cover for nuclear technology '' business was so incredibly stupid , I could n't finish it .
 What more can I say ? The Mule ? Give me a break . How can anyone consider this to be great fiction ? Go read something else ...
 As an avid sci-fi reader , I felt I had to rectify an oversight and read the book that really is a foundation of much of today 's sci-fi . When I started the book , I planned to read the entire series . I was so completely let down that I do n't know if I 'll ever read Asimov again . Foundation simply failed to ignite any spark in my imagination . The characters are poorly developed , largely because of the huge leaps in time throughout the book . In addition , the inability of a person writing sci-fi -- which by its nature looks to the future -- to envision any role for women in that future is deplorable . I thought Asimov 's work trite , boring , and completely lacking in the sort of foresight that makes books by authors like William Gibson and Tad Williams so amazingly captivating . Kudos to Asimov for opening the door for better writers but too bad his work -LRB- at least this early work -RRB- is terrible . Do n't waste your time reading this one . Go straight to the many better post-Asimov authors .
 I hate this book . I do n't just `` not like it , '' I hate it ! Such a bad book . Do not read it !
 I read this book before being seconded into the Japanese Ministry of Finance , and I 'm afraid that not only has much of the material suffered badly from the passage of time , but the -LRB- perhaps inevitable -RRB- selective use of anecdotes risks leaving the unwary reader with a rather warped view of the MoF.The workings of the Japanese political system and the bureaucracy have been subject to many critiques however , although Hartcher limits himself to examining just the MoF , he does not sufficiently focus his analysis to produce a truly enlightening text . Sadly , certain areas of the book are also subject rather exaggerated and , while such liberties may help make dramatic titles and sell copy , they do not make for informed debate.Although there are very few other English language texts that focus on the MoF , this one is not scholarly and I would advise you to skip it -LRB- there is another book on MoF by Brown - available on Amazon - but I have not read it yet -RRB- . Gerald Curtis provides more insightful comment into Japanese politics , and Takatoshi Ito offers a far better review of the workings of the Japanese economy . These texts may be more general , but they will give readers a more balanced and rounded view of the Japanese political and economic system .
 I am unable to review this product as the item NEVER arrived and I ended up with a refund.Will be looking for another source , and trying to order it again.If and when I finally do get the item I will let you know what I think about it then .
 I have read over a 1/2 dozen books about Thomas Jefferson and `` What would Jefferson say ? '' rates dead last . Sheldon 's most poorly written chapters appear to be out of the area of his expertise . The book has some glaring errors in scientific discussions . It 's obvious the author is not a scientist . He does a better job on chapters dealing with economics and Jefferson 's character . He totally drops the ball in his chapter about Jefferson and science . Sheldon believes that Jefferson would reject evolution . He writes '' ... radical evolution holds that the world and it 's species develop out of themselves , internally , not out of an external creator '' . Thus , Jefferson , who was a deistic scientist , would reject evolution . The quote is a false statement and shows the author 's ignorance of science . True science does not have an opinion on things it can not observe . It only attempts to explain what it can observe , therefore true science is open to the theory of natural evolution being born out of a creator . However , at this time such a theory can not be tested or proved . Sheldon also quotes evolutionary scientist , Dr. Stephen Gould , grossly out of context . Gould would be furious to see how Sheldon has misused those writings . Something smells fishy . What is the author 's hidden agenda here ? I believe Jefferson , the true scientist he was , would side with the vast majority of scientists and accept evolution . In conclusion , I feel Jefferson would be proud that in only 200 years we have become the greatest nation on earth surpassing empires built over thousands of years . I do believe Jefferson , who hoped that U.S. citizens would eventually turn Unitarian would be disappointed that there is still so much superstition in the U.S. Jefferson saw knowledge as light , and superstition and ignorance as darkness . So what would Jefferson say about the book `` What would Jefferson say ? '' I believe he would say the same thing he said about the Bible . He would call it a `` dung hill . '' Sheldon corrupts Jefferson 's beliefs in the same way Jefferson believed the Bible was corrupt . They were both put together to manipulate the uneducated . Sheldon makes Thomas Jefferson sound like Pat Robertson who , I have little doubt , Jefferson would have despised . For anyone who really wants to learn about Jefferson , I recommend reading `` Jefferson and Religion '' by Eugene R. Sheridan . Leave Sheldon 's book to those who want to lie to themselves and make Jefferson into something he was not .
 Attention ! Sheldon 's views of Jefferson 's thought to not reflect on Jefferson 's ! I could not believe what I was reading when I opened up this book . I hought that Sheldon had at least a relatively firm grasp on Jefferson 's thought after reading his book `` The Political Philosophy of Thomas Jefferson , '' I was sorely disappointed . It appears that Sheldon may understand what he thought , but is not able to translate it to the events of today . It is a shame that Sheldon failed in his effort , because such a work as this , properly done , would be wonderful to see . If you truly interested in what Jefferson would think about current events today , let me sum it up for you . He would be outraged and saddened to see what happened to the once great nation that he helped to found . He would be enraged at the tyrannical activities of our government . As for his political leanings , he would most certainly be a radical libertarian .
 Although easy enough to read and laced with numerous Jeffersonian quotations , this book , on balance , is far more concerned with Professor Sheldon 's appraisal of contemporary society than it is with the opinions of the nation 's third president . Sheldon 's conservative Christian viewpoint is obvious and gives rise to the legitimate concern that he may have been quite selective in his use of substantiating information , employing only those facts which are consistent with his own stance on issues while creating the illusion that he is presenting the reader with an unbiased perspective . Some of his `` supportive evidence '' is anecdotal and may very well have no basis in fact . For example , twice Sheldon mentions a comparison of surveys regarding educational problems in 1940 and 1990 in an attempt to prove a decline in educational and moral standards . These `` surveys , '' however , are a fiction concocted by former Ft. Worth businessman T. Cullen Davis , an evangelical Christian who has openly admitted that he created the poll out of his own imagination in order to advance his personal views . Professor Sheldon may very well have done much the same thing . Lack of precise supportive documentation is the most disturbing feature of this book . Virtually nowhere is it possible for the reader to easily verify the accuracy of what the author states or to learn the context from which quoted remarks are taken . Given Sheldon 's obvious bias , a reader who wants a more scholarly , objective account of Thomas Jefferson 's thoughts would be well advised to look elsewhere , like Joseph Ellis 's `` American Sphinx . ''
 I ca n't share the enthusiasm of my preceeding reviewers.In my opinion , this is a book for advanced fishermen , who already know about fisheries ethics , or do n't care about it . The book does n't cover important aspects such as selective harvesting -LRB- how to keep damage on fish as low as possible so it can be released again -RRB- or treatment of fish , once it 's caught -LRB- swift killing , keeping , cleaning -RRB- . Two thirds of the book are about baiting , with major chaptors on how to use life bait such as small fish , salamander , frogs . However , the author completely fails to address ethical concerns about this technique -LRB- `` replace your bait frequently . When a frog tires and stops kicking , it is much less effective '' -RRB- , a technique that is actually forbidden in some countries because of the cruelty involved .
 This book 's patterns are seriously flawed . My attempt to follow the `` outdoor snuggly '' for a 0-3 month old baby resulted in a 32 inch waistline snuggly with legs that were too long and arms that were too short . In addition , the photos of the snuggly did not match the pattern 's instructions . My cousin used the baby poncho pattern and had a myriad of similar problems . Do NOT buy this book !
 If you are looking for an in-depth , scholarly work on the religion and practices of Voodoo in New Orleans this is , sadly , not the work for you . While interesting in a voyeuristic , sensationalist sense , Tallant 's far-too-obvious biases and penchant for letting his interview subjects give sound bites like `` Old Marie Laveau looked just like the devil herself , and she 's settin ' -LSB- sic -RSB- on a throne in Hell today , '' means that the image of Voodoo as a religion and/or money-making practice is frustratingly one-dimensional . Tallant seems content to let his interview subjects discuss the `` devil-worshipping '' without giving a well-rounded picture of what actually was being worshipped . He quotes newspaper articles with an almost pornagraphic fervor , and neglects to analyze the exoticism encoded into their language.The book is good as a fun , tabloidesque read , and those people who have studied Voodoo religion will be able to puzzle together rites and loa blithely corrupted due to Tallant 's distance from actual services . It is also a fine study in biases of the time , but should never be read without a very LARGE grain of salt .
 I 've done anthropological work on Voodoo practices in New Orleans , both the newer Haitian forms and the traditional religion of the faithful . As pointed out by all the scholarly reviews both back then and today , Tallant has collected an interesting set of folklore narratives about Voodoo but no actual information about the religion as it is practiced . Also , some academics have looked through his notes from his interviews and found that he later added elements to the published versions of stories to make them racier and more exciting . Therefore , folklore scholars should be careful.None of the narratives in Tallant 's book match up with historical evidence for how Vodou was practiced in the times of slavery , during the time when he did his fieldwork , or in the modern context . In fact , it is so inaccurate that scholars of Vodou -LRB- such as myself -RRB- often use this book as a litmus test . If someone cites it as an accurate source of information about Vodou then you know their work is pretty much worthless/that they did n't do any fieldwork.Unfortunately , there is very little written about Vodou practices in New Orleans that is worthwhile . Most of what is out there is sensational speculation . Tallant , unfortunately , falls into that category .
 This book is falsified and exaggerated . The press attempted to frighten the public at the time this was published . The Voodoo 's also were trying to scare `` outsiders '' who criticized them away with wild , false stories . Do n't believe everything you read in this book . It 's a hoax .
 Voodoo in New OrleansThis is an old classic which , if you are interested in either `` Voodoo '' or New Orleans , you probably should read . However , you can ignore the old adage of taking what Robert Tallant had to say with a grain of salt ; you will need an entire salt lick to handle this slim volume . It is colorful , exciting , and alas , mostly the product of Robert Tallant 's fevered imagination . What facts he did n't get wrong , he completely fabricated.Plenty of scholars have already weighed in on the problems presented and alas , also created by this small piece of creative fiction . It 's very entertaining , although occasionally offensive . Mostly , it should not be taken seriously.Eoghan Ballard -LRB- Ph.D. . Folklore . University of Pennsylvania 2005 -RRB-
 I searched all over to find a book specifically about voodoo in New Orleans , and unfortunately this was all I could find ... it 's only 240ish pages and I still have n't even made it through it yet . Though there are some interesting facts , I think it 's poorly written -- and it 's 50 years old ! Would like to see a more updated version that is a better read . Maybe will write it myself !
 This is strictly a tourist rag . Do n't waste your time . If your looking for a basic introduction to Voodoo , try Laennec Hurbon 's Voodoo
 If you are interested in reading a bunch of ignorant , bigoted stereo types , by all means buy this book.Robert Tallant was not a writer to bother with facts when spewing his hatred and racism.His depictions of New Orleans Voodoo and it 's practitioners are dead wrong.If you want to read about New Orleans Voodoo , try Voodoo Queen
 The whole book could have been written in half of its size . Not very well written due to being too wordy , hard to follow .
 Wow ! It 's like they transplanted someone from Kansas to the epitone of hip cities . There is no sweat , no sips on a hurricane . There is no funk ! This is not a city that can be described from the passerby . You might know the names , know the places , but you ai n't experienced a thang . You got ta step on a Coke cap and do a little soft shoe . You got ta bar hop , swipe your brow with a hanky in a smoky club where the jazz is the only thing hotter than the weather . You got ta suck a neck of a crawldaddy , eat rice and beans on laundry day . This is a city of great storytellers , and this ai n't one of them !
 I hoped to be enamored of this book . Unfortunately , it fell way short . Basically , Escape from Slavery is a Cliff Notes version of what could have been a much more compelling account of a nation that has lived a hell.Francis Bok is a Dinka who was enslaved for ten years , from the age of seven to seventeen , in northern Sudan where he was subject to beatings and raw treatment from an Arab family . The father had capture Bok in southern Sudan during one of many raids made by the powerful Islamic forces of the north on the Christian and animist people of southern Sudan.After escaping , Bok traveled to Khartoum and then onto Cairo where he was given a coveted UN Refugee card , allowing him transport to any country that would take him in . Fortunately for Bok , a Lutheran group sponsored him and placed him in Fargo , North Dakota . He moved to Ames , Iowa after six months to be closer to other Dinka . Eventually his story made its way to a Boston-based anti-slavery group who convinced him to tell his story . In less than a year he was speaking to the Congressional committees in Washington about his story . His climax was an invitation to the signing ceremony of the Sudan Peace Act , a somewhat flawed piece of legislation aimed at ending the debilitating civil war in Sudan but a positive step nonetheless . Today Bok continues his work as a spokesperson for anti-slavery forces . I wish him the best.However , this book is not the best . While I am sure it is faithful to his story , it is weak and very thin . Edward Tivnan , the real writer , takes a couple of political pot shots at the Khartoum government that is dominated by Moslems but he never gives the reader a fully balanced and historical account of the conflict raging in Sudan . Because of this , Escape from Slavery only marginally advances our knowledge of the deep and powerful forces that shape the conflict in Sudan . If Bok and Tivnan intended to expand knowledge of the war and grace reader 's minds with the tools necessary to rationally comprehend what is happening , they have missed their mark . The southern Sudanese have a telling story to tell and Bok 's account of his time in captivity is compelling and important to communicate . Regrettably , this book could have been much more .
 contineously zionest snakes spit out their poisons . One reviewer wrote `` the Arabs have been trading christian slaves for 1500 years ago '' , well , 1500 years ago THERE WAS No Islam and No arabs there and no Chrestians . The people of that regions are African tribes whom adopted Arab language . That happened several hundered of years ago . YOU CANT SAY about all East African nations they are HALF ARABS - because half the SWAHILY language is Arabic . Since the down of history it has been the custom among premative tribes -LRB- and old civilizations -RRB- to enslave war prisoners and/or their families , or chlderen . Let it be not far of your assumptions that Mr Danka would n't be there if it was n't for his slavery , no praising this doomed costum , but it is highly propable that he would have died after loosing his family with starvation or became a baby solider in Karank army and died in battels.The book did not address how rehtric christians supported slavery by buying slaves to free them , did not discuss how pagan groups where forced to be cristians .
 I have really enjoyed this book ! I have been learning a lot for my own healing . The reason I bought it was because a few months back I was able to read a portion of the book and I was hooked ! I think this book is a must read for people struggling with ritual abuse !!
 Reaching for the Light takes a very simple approach to a complex subject . Emilie Rose certainly researched ritual abuse well for having known about her own abuse for only one year prior to writing this book . In my opinion it takes years of therapy and intensive work to fully understand the damage done and the path to healing for the deep problems within . Any therapist who has worked with a ritual abuse victim for more than a year would not get anything from this book . Neither would anyone who has been in this hellhole beyond the initial discovery stage . My advice is to skip this book .
 I 'm sorry , but I have seen such overwhelming evidence to support the fact that almost all `` ritual abuse '' cases WERE indeed caused by mass hysteria and community pressure . So many individuals in these communities were forced not to appear `` weak , '' and jumped on the neighborhood bandwagon to accuse , accuse , accuse.Nothing is more horrifying than the thought of our children being in peril ... but that fear sadly caused a lot of irreversible damage to many innocent people 's lives in these cases.From the Salem Witch trials to the Senator McCarthy insanity to this mess , it seems that every so often the civilized world goes mad . We can learn from it ... but not by reading this wrongheaded book .
 ... I 've seen too much damage come out of the trumped-up ritual abuse hysteria of the '80s / '90s . Thank God -LRB- yes , I 'm a Christian -RRB- , that this mostly-imagined phenomenon is no longer `` happening . '' This book , while well-intentioned , is not based in reality .
 It is extremely important to realize that essentially all evidence of Satanic Ritual Abuse -LRB- SRA -RRB- comes from memories created during Recovered Memory Therapy -LRB- RMT -RRB- . RMT has been shown to generate mostly false images
 1 -RRB- The problems in the book are very outdated . -LRB- for grammar section buy Cliff 's or Longman -RRB- 2 -RRB- The problems in the book are less difficult than those on a real exam .3 -RRB- The problems in the book were arranged in very boring manner .4 -RRB- The CD-Rom is only for Listening . -LRB- for more computer practice buy Delta 's Key for Toefl Test with CD , which has 10 tests or Cambridge Preparation for Toefl Test , which has 7 tests . Both books have CD-Rom simulated CBT . -RRB- 5 -RRB- The Essay section is fair . -LRB- for the best essay section buy Cambridge Preparation for the Toefl Test -RRB- Generally , there is no one book for the preparation for the TOEFL . Most likely you will need some combination of them.For instance , a -RRB- Delta for practice and reading . Moreover , you may wish to buy just Delta CD Rom without book and cassets for practice only ; b -RRB- Cliff 's or Longman for grammar ; c -RRB- Cambridge for essay and for practice.Good luck !
 It turns out that this book only comes with Audio cds ! Go figure
 When you buy this book -LRB- 10th edition -RRB- , do not buy the one with the CD-ROM . It is not the right one -LRB- it is the 9th -RRB- . All the books with CD-ROM have the wrong one . The correct one comes out in October . So if you want to buy this book do NOT take the one with the CR-ROM , because you 're going to waste money !!
 I dont find any CD inside the book . It was really matter of disgrace that CD was missing after shifting . While I was going for the purchase it was mentioned that the CD will be available but it was missing
 In general , I have little appreciation for humor based on male parental incompetence . Furthermore , ... I have just as little time for humor based on female mechanical incompetence . The theme of this book is male incompetence when it comes to pregnancy and birth . Many of the cartoons are about men being nincompoops in the delivery room , doing such helpful things as fainting , getting sick when looking at the placenta and so forth . ... Some of the cartoons about the baby in the womb are a bit humorous , but overall I did not find this collection of jokes very funny .
 I could n't even finish it . I kept reading it thinking , `` What is the point of this story ? '' I found it very boring at times and disgusting at others . Definitely one of the worst books I 've ever read .
 This book , while fairly well written , was quite a dull story , and was very depressing to read . Sherwood seems to have researched her subject well , but the book seemed to be unnecessarily vulgar in a number of places , and this made the book all the more unpleasant to read .
 I 'd have given this book Zero stars , if that had been an option . Sherwood 's writing style is crude at best , with some of her sentences making little to no sense at all . There writing flows very poorly -LRB- if at all -RRB- , and the metaphors are some of the worst I 've seen . The dialogue is boring and simplistic . I also agree with the reviewers that said this book is unnecessarily vulgar in many places . One of the worst books I 've read in a long while .
 Having written a reference work on food myself , I fully realize how difficult it is to research and write such a book as this , and how easy it is to find fault and criticize . And if I had seen the original edition of this book when it was first published , I probably would have found it valuable and interesting . If it had been heavily revised and brought up to date , it still might be . But it is n't . I have been reading the chapter on Iceland and I have to say that it is very misleading . What is being described - and not always correctly - is Iceland in the 1950s and 1960s . A few examples - there are many more in the text : `` Some homes have refrigerators with freezers '' -LRB- yes , about 98 % of them -RRB- `` but most manage with cold closets . '' I 'm the only person I know who has a cold larder -LRB- and a refrigerator and a freezer , too -RRB- . Refrigerators have been in most homes here since the early 1960s at least . `` Fresh fruits are scarce '' . They have n't been scarce for the last 30 years at least . These days you can even get exotic fruits like ramboutan and mangosteen . `` Cattle are mainly used for dairy products , rarely for beef . '' Beef is now as common as lamb . `` Pigs are all but nonexistent ; pork is rare and expensive and said to have a fishy taste ... '' Now common , inexpensive by Icelandic standards and quite good . `` Icelanders have a deeply rooted objection to eating birds of any type '' - oh , come on , chicken was not much eaten but not because people did n't like it , rather because it was n't economical to raise the birds on imported grain . They are very popular now . And wild birds have always been eaten - in some regions they were a large part of the diet . '' ... margarine and butter -LRB- all unsalted -RRB- '' . Totally wrong . Both margarine and butter is almost always salted . `` Salt is seldom added -LRB- to food -RRB- '' Wrong . Salt is added to most savory food and many people salt their food liberally . `` Preferring to talk in separate groups , men and women disperse after the meal , it still being considered `` odd '' or `` forward '' if women join in men 's conversations . '' Possibly in the 1950s ; certianly not now.Flatbrau -LRB- rye griddle cakes -RRB- is never ever served with sugar or preserves , always with butter and meat or cheese . Steiktir partar are not `` thin wafer-like pastries filled with sweetened whipped cream '' but fairly thick , flat wheatcakes , deep-fried in fat and eaten cold with butter and often meat or cheese , never a sweet topping . I could go on and on - there are so many errors here.Reading this book made me realize once again how much Icelandic cuisine and society has changed during the last 30-40 years and the same is true for most other Western nations . This book is supposedly revised and updated but these updates seem to have been minimal in the chapters I 've looked at so far -LRB- the only sources cited for Iceland that are published after 1967 are The New York Times 1998 Almanac and the Lonely Planet guide -RRB- . Unfortunately I feel this is a reference work that I can not trust - it is so inaccurate and out of date .
 Me encanta leer libros de cocina y pense que este ser&iacute;a `` el libro '' para conocer arte y costumbres culinarias de otros paises . Como soy originario de M&eacute;xico y ahora vivo en Brasil , lo primero que le&iacute; fue lo referente a estoa paises . QUE DECEPCI&Oacute;N!La idea del libro es excelente y seguramente la autora tuvo que viajar , leer y estudiar mucho , pero pienso que debi&oacute; haber pedido ayuda a que revisaran sus cap&iacute;tulos personas conocedoras de cada pa&iacute;s o regi&oacute;n.Tiene muchos errores hist&oacute;ricos , geogr&aacute;ficos , culinarios y de ortograf&iacute;a del idioma original . Estoy preparando una lista de ellos que posteriormente enviar&eacute;.La felicito por su dedicaci&oacute;n , perodes graciadamente el resultado no es del todo bueno.Hans Rio de Janeiro/Brasil
 Reading a very favorable review in New York Times , I bought the book without even opening it at the book store . As I am researching on the cooking of my home state in India , I was hopeful of finding a lot of information in it . But to my great disappointment , several historical facts were incorrect . Thelma Barer-Stein began the historical narrative on India by saying that all foreign conquerers came to Delhi.History reminds us that the Poruguese navigator Vaso da Gama arrived not at Delhi , but at the other end of India , at Calicut , in the state of Kerala . The Romans , Greek , Syrians and the Arabs had invaded the southern part of Inida way before that . About religion she says '' Greek thinking in 300 BC and Buddhisam in 200 BC was followed by Hindu beliefs '' . First of all Hinduism was there first , and Buddhisam originated India , both before the invation of the Greeks . About food , the statement `` fruits and vegetables are eaten in season only sapraingly ; more consumed in the form of pickles , condiments and chutneys '' is totally wrong , written by someone who has not tasted the varied and rich vegetarian cuisine of India . Then she goes on to write about several fruits , completely ignoring India 's favorite fruit the mango . Finally the statement `` In Cochin , in Kerala province , foods are very plain , and rice and coffee prevail . Rice , fish and vegetables and seafood make up the diet ... '' is waht is prompting me to write this review . Probably the author only ate these foods in Cochin ; but as a native of Cochin and a life long vegetarian , I can assure you that our vegetarian cuisine is neither very plain not very bland . Our vegetable crop is enriched by the centuries long foreign invasions . There were several other incorrect facts in the chapter . I did not read any other chapters and my comments are strictly about the chapter on India . But I have to say I was very disappointed and returned the book the very next day.I understand the author undertook a herculian effort study the food and culture of the world . This book makes one realize how vast and uncomprehensible the subject is .
 I know Australia is at the end of the world for most Americans and Canadians , but I would presume that an ethnic cooking `` expert '' such as Barer-Stein presents herself to be could access more up to date information than the 30 year old sources used in her book.Inaccuracies abound - including `` home freezers are not yet common '' , `` skim milk is not widely accepted '' , `` cheeses are not a usual part of the diet '' , `` potatoes are expensive '' !!! and the unbelieveable lunch `` the working person will have an inexpensive hot plate of mince , potato , and peas '' -- Yuk ! And certainly not a food habit of my living memory.Not to mention the glossary
 I have read other Ivan Doig books and found them immensely interesting but the phrasing and vocabulary in this book were very awkward . The descriptions would have been better if the author had not tried to use big words which made the voice of the book seem pretentious . I read it for a book club and had a hard time getting through it . The sad thing is that the story itself was interesting as were the characters . It was just an awkward book to read . It definitely was not a page turner . I do n't think I shall ever read anything else by Doig which is a disappointment after reading others .
 sure its a bit funny , and it touches me cause i am a swede , but it seriously is not that good of a book . its just about rough seamean looking out at the BRISK sunrise . big words do n't make a book good.i did NOT like this book , but im giving it some sympathy points , which is why it gets 2 stars .
 I actually did n't finish this book . It had some good pointers within it but I felt it was doing more story telling than teaching me how to calm down and deliver a speech without my breakfest or lunch wanting to errupt . Although it was somewhat interesting it was n't doing what I needed it to and that was to teach me not to want to disappear before I got up in front of a group of people .
 Public speaking in narrative form . Lots of stories and examples from Lincoln to businessmen in 1969 . Interesting to read . No index , not user-friendly as a resource .
 Dale carnegie wrote very well in his earlier works , this later work -LRB- assumedly from later in his life , or judging from the text possibly written postumously -RRB- is the worst thing i have ever seen in print.As an english professor it seemed sardonic to me to see someone write so poorly about the topic of speaking well . Perhaps i should have read this garabage aloud instead .
 I get the idea to be clear and to the point . But this was outdated before it was written , a real basic book , kids should read it once
 This book is not like he rest of Dale Carnegie 's books . The rest of hem are interesting and easy reeds . This 'd one is bad
 I 've read this book as well as Carnegie 's 2 other books , How to Win Friends & Influence People as well as How to Stop Worrying & Start Living . This one was a let down after those two , which i highly recommend -LRB- even with the old school references -RRB- . This book stated a lot of common sense but nothing that I found I could use in off-the-cuff talks . In fact it , discourages that . It 's also a bit of a dry read.While I admire his other books , I did not like this one .
 I was so excited to see a new book on Frederick Douglass I did n't take time to preview the book . A classic mistake . The book is full of assumptions and innuendo . It seems the author was trying to destroy Frederick Douglass ' place in history . There were too many insulting statements based on little or no fact . I tried to keep an open mind while reading the book , but the more I read the more disgusted I became . What the author may consider conservative and controversial ; I consider a racist piece of trash .
 This book is filled with recipes using brand-name adulterated products that contain large amounts of additives , preservatives , artificial flavors , colors , trans-fats , bland flavors and also cost a lot more then scratch foods.If you believe boiling potatoes , using fresh vegetables or measuring flour unthinkable , by all means this book is right up your alley ...
 Sandra Lee is a rip-off ! I really like to cook - I read lots of cooking magazines and watch lots of cooking shows and Sandra Lee is so lame . Her recipes are not recipes at all , she just tells you to buy things and heat them up ! One of her `` creations '' , the kids cupcakes , were on the cover of an issue of `` Gourmet '' several years ago ! I 'm all for easy recipes but hers are not worthy of my time ! She is a queen of velveeta processed , hydrogenated mediocrity ! Do n't waste your money . Just go to the velveeta website - the recipes are free there .
 Why , why , why ? This woman is a talentless hack . I 've seen better recipes on the back of soup cans ! Sandra Lee 's approach to inspired cooking is to add a can of tomatos to your Hamburger Helper ! Woo ! Seriously , though , this is a joke . I have nothing against easy cooking , but this is an absolute waste of time and money .
 Semi-Homemade Cooking is the name of Sandra Lee 's show on the Food Network , a cable station in the United States theoretically dedicated to cooking . I say theoretically because what Sandra Lee does in this book and on her show is not cooking in any sense of the word , and if the Food Network were really a cooking station Lee would have been on her rear end years ago.To put it plainly , this is a book for people who are not very bright . Lee basically takes overprocessed , ridiculously expensive premade foods and arranges them into new combinations , adding the odd badly made homemade garnish or ingredient to her typical hopeless mishmash of precooked overprocessed chemical-laden garbage . She presents this as some kind of new method of cooking , when in fact it 's just a combination of mental laziness and indifference to real flavour and nutrition.The entire idea of a cookbook is to show the reader how to cook food from scratch . Lee proudly proclaims that nothing in her book is from scratch , which is somewhat like a model proudly proclaiming that every one of her attractions was created by her plastic surgeon . Most ingredients called for in her `` recipes '' are heavily processed , pre-salted , pre-spiced , and pre-cooked to appeal to the lowest common denominator . There 's no ingenuity , no creativity in her ideas . It 's as if she , a food writer , cares so little about food that she puts convenience and conventionality above flavour.One of the most disturbing features of the book is how Lee seems to think her cooking is somehow ` budget ' . It 's not . Her method of cooking is unspeakably expensive compared to cooking from scratch , simply because processed food costs more than basic ingredients . Certainly if you 're unwilling or not intelligent enough to learn how to cook and if you buy everything premade in packages , taking those packages apart and mixing their contents together will not increase your food budget , but you could save a lot of money and eat much better if you would only put a little effort into your cooking and actually learn to make things from scratch.This book is one of the most pathetic excuses for a cookbook I 've ever read . I definitely do not recommend it . In fact , were I to see it on the bookshelf of a man I was dating , I would break off the relationship .
 Very disappointing The recipes are filled with unhealthy ingredients . The concept is great but the nutritional benefits are not there -- so it isnt a quick fix for me.Hard to imagine Wolfgang endorsing such a book
 This woman can not cook . It 's a travesty that she has her own show on the Food Network with the likes of Mario Batalli and Alton Brown . Okay , here 's one of her brilliant ideas .1 -RRB- Pumpkin Pie Petit-fours
 I am all for shortcuts in the kitchen and I am not a health nut or a food snob , but I was hard-pressed to find more than a handful of recipes in this book that were edible . Most of them were seriously lacking in the flavor department . The fact that most of them are very poor , nutrition-wise , also concerned me a lot . She seems beholden to too many ingredients that are high in fat and sodium , as well as chemicals and preservatives . I mean , why use artificial coffee creamer in an eggnog recipe ? I received this book as a gift , from a well-meaning friend . I would have much rather gotten one of rachel Ray 's books , as she really knows how to make fast and simple meals from fresh ingredients .
 I 'm so mad ! I got this supposedly `` new '' Cookbook and when it came it looked identicall to the first cookbook expcept her picture on the front is different ! I bought the same book from Sandra Lee 2 years ago !! Same damn pictures and same damn recipes are in this `` new '' Cookbook ! Do n't waste your money I 'm returning mine today !
 Once again , Sandra Lee is out to poison America with her high-sodium , preservative-laden recipes . This book is a joke . Under no circumstances should anyone who prefers not to die before the age of 45 should buy this . Heart attack city ! Oh , and crappy food . Did I mention how bad her recipes are ? Terrible . The scourge must be stopped ! Whoot !
 This oversized book does not lie flat unless you are using a recipe from the center pages . I tried cans and a rolling pin to weigh down the pages and nothing worked . The money spent on the endless photographs -LRB- do we really need to see a photo of empty cd boxes ? -RRB- and the pre paid reply postcard ... would have been better spent on a smaller hard covered book that would be easier for home cooks to use ...
 Supposedly , the great benefit to Sandra Lee 's cookbooks are that they 're super fast , easy , and do n't require a lot of cooking skill to prepare.As a graduate student , this sort of thing should appeal to me . I do n't have a lot of time or money . This should help that , right?Except it does n't . Buying a load of packaged convenience foods and then arranging them festively is n't any easier , or quicker , than cooking with fresh ingredients . I 'm not some foodie hipster dweeb who claims that everything needs to be fresh , local , from scratch , homegrown , organic , et cetera . I 'm something of a pragmatist , at least . I use canned tomatoes , chickpeas , and frozen veggies with regularity . But if I can whip out an excruciatingly tasty risotto in 30 minutes using seven bucks worth of ingredients as I did last night , so can everybody.Take the time to learn a few basic techniques , maybe treat yourself to a basic cooking class , buy the freshest and least processed ingredients possible , spend some time experimenting , and you 'll be able to improvise meals far tastier than anything out of Sandra Lee 's book while spending less money and time . Cooking is only as hard as you make it . The reason it takes forever and is n't any fun is , frankly , because most people do n't really know how , and their effort tends to be inefficiently applied and fraught with errors and unnecessary difficulty . It does n't need to be that way . Sandra Lee teaches you how to cop out and let ConAgra do the prep work ; why not simply learn how to cook well so that you can do it quickly and enjoyably ?
 I do not think I am exagerating when I write that this woman has created an empire in which she is enabling people to become seriously overweight and possible worse health problems . This woman adds fat , additives , and perservatives when there is not need at all . For example , she adds mayonnaise to store bought salad dressing , basically for no reason . But most of all , she is advocating that packaged foods are the way to go . That is simply not good . The human body is meant meant to take in the amounts of chemicals that are contained in her recipes . Check the labels ; if you see chemicals , do n't eat it ! If you care about your health , you will stay clear of Sandra Lee .
 It is one brand name after another , do n't waste your money . &#60; br / &#62; This book has more fluff then recipes that you can use everyday , plus it will not save you money with all the package and can food you have to search out and buy .
 I went to two stores trying to find the exact brand name products that Sandra Lee insist we use . Frustrated , I asked the store mananger who told me that the products I was looking for , Campbell 's fat-free mushroom soup and Jello refrigerated vanilla pudding cups are no longer available in my area.Why make such a big fuss about using this or that brand when they are n't even available ? I wo n't waste any more time travelling around town looking for the exact brand names needed to make the recipes in this book.I have better things to do ! Maybe this book needs a `` use-by '' date before even more products become obsolete .
 Sandra Lee has nerve calling what she does `` cooking . '' Putting together a bunch of boxed `` ingredients '' and dumping them into different bowls is not `` cooking . '' Too bad we are n't seeing professional chefs cut down Lee with the same ferocity they do with Rachael Ray.I get nauseous just thinking about the amount of sodium and everything else that 's in all those bags of packaged food that she uses -LRB- and why all the mixed drinks ? Maybe Lee can put together a show about how to make mixed drinks - alcoholic and non-alcoholic - because she seems to know all about them -RRB- . To think she follows Ina Garten -LRB- who can actually cook -RRB- Monday-Thursday , is indicative of the fact that The Food Network does n't have a whole lot of requirements as to who gets a show on their channel .
 Why on Earth would `` nothing is made from scratch '' be a selling point for a cookbook ? How horrid!For good , simple cooking , look into Mark Bittman 's cookbooks .
 what permissive issues could ban all photos ... a crock to scam full price from Kindle users . Buy a used ppb edition for 35 cents ... far more gratifying . Dont let them get away with this .
 Have any of you not read the Manson File ? It is obvious that you can not control people with LSD , and it is obvious in the fact that Manson did not kill anyone .
 The fact of the matter is this book is total fiction , the elaborate work of Vincent Bugliosi 's imagination due to due his ignorant and superstitious `` ideology '' . He needed to give `` evil '' a face ... and Manson was convenient . `` Helter Skelter '' has made Bugliosi wealthy beyond belief.I guess whatever sells a book , right ? Charles Manson , a human being ... was simply collateral damage .
 I realize that this is the first book a person will come to when searching on MANSON . However , you should really just skip it and watch the Made-for-TV movie which cut out all of Bugliosi 's egotisical grandstanding and actually did a much better job of revealing what it was like to be in that circus of a court-room . The film also accurately depicts how much Bugliosi relied on the statements of tripped out Family members who did not participate in the killings in order to construct his `` Helter Skelter '' theory of the Crime . Do yourself a favor and buy CHARLIE 'S FAMILY by Jim Vanbebber available here at Amazon.com in addition to this book . The two will show you the opposite ends of the theoretical spectrum on the Manson case .
 Bugliosi 's ghost writer for this one crafted a skillful tale of the heroic prosecutor deciphering the real motive of the murders , despite the incompetence of the police department . You should know that practically everyone who studies the Manson case in detail regards this book as a work of fiction , the same way they regard Bugliosi 's ridiculous made-up motive of `` trying to start a race war '' . There is some info here that is hard to get elsewhere , but otherwise this is simply an attempt to sensationalize and make money . There are far better books you can read on the Manson case .
 Vincent understands nothing about the intricate inner workings of the mind of Charles Manson . He totally misses the point . It would be nice if The Beatles were mystical figures from The Bible , and possesed god like powers to influence The Family towards committing any unpleasantness . Does n't Vincent know that Charlie only listens to the music of Bing Crosby ?
 In this decade of fear , the drama of the Manson family murders is making a comeback . Unfortunately , it 's still the same self-aggrandizing slasher-porn that it was in 1974 . In amongst pages upon pages of case minutiae -LRB- this overlong monster weighs in at 713 pages -RRB- , Bugliosi alternates between gratuitous gore and telling us what a great prosecutor he is . I used to blame OJ and Court TV for turning the judicial system into mass entertainment , but apparently Bugliosi mastered this dubious art years ago .
 This story is not the true story of the murders , but the concoction of VB . The whole Helter Skelter theory was in his mind and in his mind only-he saw ahead to the book deal and movie . Of all the seat 's in the court room , over 98 % were taken by media . He played into their hands by making up this totally outrageous story -LRB- prompted by a liar Sadie and turn coat , get me outta my legal mess Danny DeCarlo -RRB- . This is fiction . And by the way , Charlie was n't even present at any of the murder scenes , nor did he order any murders , so why is he in prison ? Because he received an unfair trial at the hands of VB . This book is NOT recommended .
 Amazon wo n't tell you , and you will learn only after you pay for this Kindle title
 This will ALWAYS be the first book people pick up on the subject of the so-called `` Manson '' Murders . Author Bugliosi is now a paid Talking Head on Court TV and anyother cable Network that will cut him a check and he is STILL fundamentally misinformed as to the reasons these horrible killings took place . He bases his theories on interviews he conducted with Manson Family members , most of whom were tripped out of their minds during his sessions . He largely invented the entire Helter Skelter connection after encouraging one Manson follower to interpret the Book of Revelations . How 's that for dependable detective work ?? In my humble opinion , John Lennon 's Estate should sue Bugliosi for all the damage he did to the Beatles as a result . I realize you will probably buy this book but you should buy a few others , most notably CHARLIE 'S FAMILY by Jim Vanbebber available here on Amazon.com . It was published late in '98 and is currently the most accurate represenation of what went on . Buy them both , read them both and do n't be surprised if you start wondering what story exists BETWEEN these two books . If you are a True Crime Buff , you should be ashamed of yourself if this is the only book you read on the subject .
 Helter Skelter is the most famous -LRB- or infamous -RRB- work attributed to the Manson case . Bugliosi , in his work as a prosecutor for the case , compiled his thoughts and evidence in this somewhat dubious award winner.Unfortunately , the book itself falls somewhat short of a literary masterpiece , and seems to have won most of its acclaim as a result of people 's terror shortly following the case itself , and their willingness to ingest whatever was written , as soon as it was written , mirroring the media circus fiasco which the case itself spanwed.Dwelling on the somewhat unbelievable and conspiracy-driven helter skelter theory , the book , and Bugliosi himself , posits an undeniably fantastic scenario , in which a Satanic hippie with unlimited supplies of drugs , managed to convince his various young apostles to proceed with plans to begin a race war through killing . Bugliosi of course points out that Manson was trying to kill a former Beach Boy named Terry Melcher who promised him a record deal , in an attempt to get back at a system which rejected his self proclaimed musical talent.The gaping logical holes in the case force logical individuals to place Helter Skelter in the fantasy section at their library . As pointed out by the somewhat more enjoyable and well written work `` The Manson File , Myth and Reality of an Outlaw Shaman '' by Nikolas Schreck , Manson was aware Melcher was no longer at the murdered residence at the time , but had moved some distance away -LRB- he would have known this since several of his friends visited him often to use drugs together . -RRB- The idea of controlling people using LSD is ludicrous when one studies the actual effects of the substance , a fact the government itself understood after failed MK-ULTRA experiments attempting to use LSD as a mind control drug and truth serum.The sad fact is that this entire work is nothing more than pulp fiction spawned by the anti-drug and anti-hippie bent establishment in the late 1960s and into the early 1970s . With an obsessive , almost religious fervor , Bugliosi repeatedly returns to his race war theories , without even visiting other possibilities in the case.In fact , the entire work seems to have been written with the sole purpose of absorbing as much money as possible following the case , with a mind to sensationalize it as much as possible , so that the scope of interest would increase . It will likely appeal to people who have limited understanding of the case , and are just looking for a spooky late night insomniac 's friend to help them sleep unsoundly with a heavy dose of psychopath-hippie nightmares .
 it is literally a step by step account of the investigation of the whole Manson murders . I have never been more bored with a book in my entire life .
 This book is well written and highly detailed but it can not be farther from the truth . Mr. Bugliosi 's `` Helter Skelter 's '' theory is just laugh out funny , plainly ridiculous . This is Bugliosi 's story , not Charlie 's . The biggest mistake you can make is buy bugliosi 's story of the events and believe Charlie as the mastermind of the killings . But I wo n't lie , I could n't put this book down . It would 've been great if it were true , but it 's not .
 I know I promised in my AYA that I was no longer taking the time or effort to work on reviews that I would give less than three stars to ; but , being an aficionado of drug-related books , I have to post this review as a warning.This self-published book is a nightmare of teenage nocturnal hormones and a total lack of understanding of the drug culture . Author Gerald Luc gushes about this 100 page short as `` having a soundtrack '' because he often mentions particular songs in conjunction with particular scenes . He also had the audacity to add -LRB- supposedly truthful -RRB- `` descriptions '' of counter-culture cliques such as hippies , punks , and beatniks ; an insult to those of us who actually were alive during these cultural revolutions and took place in them.The drugs ? No one shoots up , a couple of pills are popped , and a little MJ smoking is achieved . There are no trips and one very lame withdrawal described more like a tequila hangover . If it 's true that you should `` write what you know '' , this kid strayed far from that advice . It 's true the prose shows some promising future skill at writing , but the author needs to work on the emotional aspect of his flat and careless characterizations.So what is the book about ? A young man wants to write a book , has a great deal of carnal relationships with several girls , spends a weekend in New York where another teenage carnal fantasy is filled by having a hooker show up at his hotel room . There is n't much to the book except bland rutting and pipe dreams of youth . Boring . Thank goodness it was only 100 pages , unfortunately filled with wet-dream fantasy , no drugs other than the action of ` placing a white pill in her mouth ' , and cheesy advertisements for the author 's `` listening list '' . Avoid this book .
 Given the other reviews , this seems a dissenting opinion , but Mishima 's `` The Temple of the Golden Pavilion '' was a pretty laborious read . I read the entire book out loud to an audience and found myself wishing it would come to an end.All apologies to those who liked this book . I respect that , but the problem for me came in the amount of endless introspection that overflows the pages of `` The Golden Pavilion . '' I do n't mind some philosophical pandering in my literature and thoroughly enjoy it when it 's done with the uniqueness of Don DeLillo or Milan Kundera . But here , Mishima takes whatever plot is involved in this tale of a temple student gone awry in the face of foreign influence , loss of values , poverty , and psychosis and sucks the life blood right out the marrow of it . This leaves the book with no skeletal structure , no bones , just a big lethargic mushy mass of meandering thoughts and not even well-worded or unique ones at that.Here 's what I mean , we get no less than 5 pages of a bee landing on a Chrysanthemum ... somebody help me please . We get laboriously repetitive words -LRB- not sure if that 's the translators fault or Mishima 's -RRB- with a mention of the character 's Kashiwagi 's clubfoot about every other sentence . We get 7 counts of the use of the word , `` adumbration '' in one paragraph ... 7 mind you . Who uses the word `` adumbration '' , much less 7 times in a paragraph , 3 in one sentence ? Do n't get me started.Not a detail goes by without Mishima turning it over in the character 's mind endlessly until we are no longer remotely interested . It 's your typical boy loves temple , temple is too beautiful , boy must destroy temple sort of story . And where the plot starts moving along towards the end , Mishima interjects some inane meandering ethereal philosophy that seems to lead nowhere , just to kill the momentum.On page 255 there 's the line , `` I was overcome by intense weariness . '' So true , so true . That 's how this book grabbed me through and through .
 Yukio Mishima 's The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is not a particularly interesting or enjoyable read , but its themes unveil the brutality and cruelties of reality that we all must learn in life , as well as one man 's quest to discover his place in the world and what he can do change that world in which he tries to survive . With 90 % of the novel being the protagonist 's self-evaluation and reflections on life , the novel proves slow-starting and cumbersome to readers that may seek an immediate good read instead of a Japanese history and geography lecture . As the story unfolds , so do deep themes of the obsession of power , beauty and its corruptibility , and the search for the self . Introverted and calculating , the protagonist is easily controlled by his emotions for and the influence of his two close friends who , in reality , are as different as light and dark . The novel also offers a closer look into Mishima 's psychologically disturbing world , where he is able to twist and manipulate the words of religious texts into his own painfully logical , cynically dark , almost satanic interpretations of Zen Buddhist proverbs and stories . Coming from a traditional , samurai family , Mishima lived during a tumultuous time in a modernizing , Westernizing , post-World War II Japan , and the novel , in some ways , parallels Mishima 's resent and resistance of Western influence , as well as his struggle to perceive any value in foreign ideas and coexist daily with all that he hates . Verbose and often circular in thought , The Temple of the Golden Pavilion is not for the faint-hearted reader , but is rewarding to the patient ones willing to suffer Mishima 's insane ranting , analyze the text , and understand the method behind this Japanese author 's madness .
 I will admit , I had to read this for class , but I could n't have been more bored . It just follows our little monk to be in his going crazy.But lets face it , if you are even looking at this book here , you are either really interested in this type of novel , or have to read it for school/business/other required reading
 I find it hard to believe that the writer can write a book that elicits sympathy for the Natives while calling the Africans anything but slaves , and ignoring an injustice that was so crucial to who we are as a nation . The French were some of the worst when it came to slavery and I find it offensive that she could ignore that huge fact . I mean , hello ! Louisiana ! Do n't tell me that they did n't fight on the side of the Confederacy ? But I guess any woman who reads for pleasure is only interested in being entertained , not in historical accuracy , right ? That 's why you pack &#34; history &#34; in with cookie-cutter romance and hope the average public-school-educated woman does n't notice your fluffy-bunny version of what could have been a really great book . And , judging by the other comments , Jennifer Blake succeeded.As an American , I weep for the evident failing of our most basic education ; as a person of mixed heritage , I lament a lost opportunity for the author to address another topic in what is , admittedly , a better writing style than I 've had to endure from most romance novels -LRB- especially those I 've found published solely on e-format -RRB- . I debated between 2 stars and 1 , but the writing really is sound & the story is n't so bad , but I find that just ca n't ignore the blind eye the writer turned toward the issue of slavery , or the description of the hero as going about shirtless -LRB- but wearing a swan 's down cape -RRB- on a night cold enough to have a fire going -LRB- during the dinner party , when we first meet him -RRB- ... I find it difficult to believe that the &#34; savages &#34; would have been stupid enough to go around without properly clothing themselves for the weather ; that 's something we see now -LRB- ie
 This book is too long and the story too convoluted to be enjoyable . I mean , I appreciate the efforts of the author -LRB- thus the 2 stars -RRB- to document the historical context and to give details to make it more believable , but this is way too much . I had to force myself and jumped many pages to go on in the reading . The characters were unpleasant too . I do n't understand where the romantic shade of Reynaud is , when he forces Elise to take every step in their relationship . He does n't allow her any choice in a misinterpreted attempt to free her from her restraints against the men -LRB- more than justified , I 'd say -RRB- . Elise , on the other hand , resents his savage behavior , but never fails to focus only on the `` gentleness and thoughtfulness '' of Reynaud . Finally , she realizes , against all the evidences , that he is not an overbearing man , but a kind , lovable person . No , I definitely did n't get it .
 I thought the characters in this story had no real depth and the story was a little slow and boring . It seemed like no matter what happened all they wanted was to have sex . That got old really fast . I was looking for a good story line and strong characters .
 A book with a promising premise and a very cool cover -LRB- which was why I bought it , I must admit -RRB- . Unfortunately , the picture on the cover has very little to do with the actual story . The storyline is plodding and uninspired . Character development leaves much to be desired . The conclusion is weak and muddled . The first person perspective does not mesh well with the story . The illustrations are somewhat cheesy , and do n't really add anything to the story . I really wanted to like this book , but ultimately I came away very disappointed .
 I am a complete Sudoku addict and am very disappointed with this book . The only reason I bought it was because I was desperate for more puzzles and it was the only one available at the store I was in . First of all , it costs $ 4.99 which to me , is way too much money when you can get a Kappa book for $ 1.99 which has better puzzles . Another thing that bugs me about this book is that some of the answer keys in the back do n't match the corresponding puzzles . When I get to the difficult/Very Challenging ones in the back , sometimes I need a little help ! But unfortunately , this book has quite a few errors in the answer section so when I 've hit a dead end , it 's over.I would recommend Kappa books from your local supermarket . This simply costs too much money for not mush quality .
 This book reads like a dervative of a badly written derivative of Tolkien , married to the son of `` Dark and Stormy Night . '' The annual contest of Groaner openings needs a new entry , maybe that way , FtM could get recognized ! Books should be FUN to read , this one is a chore . I have tried three different times to pick it up , but have failed miserably . My last attempt died after less than a chapter . One of the other reviewers used the word `` Execrable , '' if he had n't , I would have.I haunt my local Half Price Books and snap up anything by my list of favorite authors that appears on their shelves . Eric Flint is on that list . He has done some very nice collaborative work , so I looked forward to reading FtM . OOPS ! WRONG BOOK ! I am not ready to give up on Flint , so I will blame his partner for the miserable writing . I do n't think I will read any more of Roach 's work .
 For those of you who enjoyed THE PHILISOPHICAL STRANGLER stand by for some severe disappointment . This sequel/prequel to TPS just does n't measure up . FORWARD THE MAGE is for the most part dreadfully boring . While some of the story line sparks a little interest , primarily the relationship between Benvenuti and Gwendolyn , the rest is pretty dull stuff . The extremely long ramblings of the wizard Zulkeh are especially trying . The frequent attempts at humor are forced and not particularly funny , kind of like a drunk at a party who thinks he 's hilarious but is n't . It makes you almost embarrassed to read it.Well no need to spend a lot of time on this dog . Read THE PHILISOPHICAL STRANGLER , it is funny and worth the effort . You wo n't miss much except a little of the background which really is n't needed to begin with . If you REALLY feel you must read MAGE then check it out of your local library , but do n't turn it in late , it 's not worth the fine!This book is NOT RECOMMENDED !
 Related to the Philosophical Strangler . Stories overlap , but this book focuses on Gwendolyn , Benvenutti & the Sorcerer . Story of events in these characters ' lives before , during , and after , Phil Strangler . Found the language a bit much to wade through a second time , and not as funny . If you loved Philosophical Strangler , you 'll probably love this one , but if you were growing weary by the end of the Strangler , you should probably pass this one up .
 I usually like Flint and have read everything he published . This is the biggest single book and by far the worst . The book is supposed to be a comedic fantasy . Maybe it is . If you are looking for a book where everything is supposed to be funny and nothing is to be taken seriously , maybe this is your book , but I pitched it after 66 pages .
 Well I 'm not sure if Eric Flint has had a siezure of some sort or whether the execrable dialogue belongs to Richard Roach . It _ might _ be an attempt at humour however it merely succeeds in being tiresome . The book also assaults you with trite banalities such as having gravity discovered by someone called ` oldgram ' -LRB- new-ton . . get it -RRB- . As a general rule anyone who resorts to witless-isms like this ca n't have much to say . Had to put it down . Maybe I 'll finish it when I 'm desperate for reading material and I 've finished all the adds in the paper . Pity really , I _ like _ Eric Flint 's other work .
 I got this book cuz I enjoyed the Philisopical strangler book . I found this book entirely too wordy . I enjoyed certain parts of the book . I burst out in laughter in a couple of places but it was too little . I could see what the authors were trying to do but it was not enuf . . I liked the strangler book .
 Hogan is a member of that group of sci-fi writers who present bold ideas but do n't particularly write well or develop characters -LRB- Isaac Asimov is the first , and best , member of that school of Sci-Fi writers . -RRB- His idea seems rather weak to me as ignores human -LRB- mainly male -RRB- nature . We have had thousands of years of war , sexism and the exclusion of various `` outsider '' groups -LRB- based on caste , race , tribe , income , etc. -RRB- Even studies of chimpanzees , humans closest relatives , have shown certain `` outsider '' males are physically abused by the `` alpha males '' of the group . Look at the primary source texts and warlike art of civilizations from the Aztec to the Sumerians and you will see intolerance is a problem of the y-chromosome , not social conditioning from one particular society . Matriarchy might be the only real answer to the world 's problems .
 Though the book had some good plot points , I found the overall tone offensive . Mr. Hogan is apparently an atheist or agnostic , and believes in evolution . In his book he consistently bashes religion , making anyone who is religious appear to be either a fanatic or inclined towards greed and other base emotions . None of the protagonists ever mentions God or His place in the universe.I also found his arguments for Chironian society riddled with flaws . The most glaring - that Chironians place no value on stable family relationships , have no sense of commitment to a spouse , and there is never any jealousy or contention among family members or society in general . Just because the original Chironians came from computer programs and were raised by robots does not eliminate human 's genetic leaning toward violence and confrontation.I read another of Mr. Hogan 's books recently and found the same anti-God bias . I will not be wasting my money on any more of his books .
 The book starts out well , but the author 's explanation of social evolution contradicts the biological evolution Hogan likewise promotes in this book . This story could have been good other than the author 's scientific and semi-moralistic inserts . At some points I had the feeling that he was trying to rationalize his own beliefs by authoring them in the book almost separate from the story .
 This book offers an interesting diagrammatic presentation of thirty-six warships , ranging from a Roman galley to a `` Nimitz '' - class aircraft carrier . Naval buffs will find this a useful book , with numbered guides accompanying the cut-away color diagrams that offered details about the layouts of the various ships . Yet the selection of what constitutes a `` great '' warship is rather idiosyncratic . The selection is exclusively Western in its orientation , as Chinese junks , Ottoman galleys or Imperial Japanese Navy vessels completely absent . Moreover , the compilers seemed to have been unable to decide whether a great warship was an innovative one or a historic one and included selections of both , leaving out others more deserving in the process . As a result , while an interesting resource , it is a limited one that lacks a theme that could have made it a truly valuable book .
 This book was brand new when I received it . However , it did not arrive for 20 days after I ordered it .
 I really enjoy doing the type of puzzles in this book , but I 've come to realize that having them in a large-format book with wire binding is an absolute necessity . All the Non Ishida Sunday Telegraph books are printed in mass-market paperback form on cheap pulp paper -LRB- which easily rips if you use mechanical pencils like I do -RRB- . The book is also very small -LRB- only 7 inches tall and 4 1/2 inches wide -RRB- and is bound like a regular paperback , so it 's hard to keep open while you 're trying to complete the puzzles . The other major problem with this series is that many of the puzzles are large , so that in order to fit them in the book , the publishers have broken up the grid to fit half on one page and half on the other ! I get so frustrated , I want to cut the puzzles out the book and tape them to another sheet of paper before I do them.I 'd suggest Mind-Sharpening Pixel Puzzles and Perplexing Pixel Puzzles , both by Peter Gordon , or Games Magazine Presents Paint by Numbers instead of these books , because of their large format and quality paper .
 Richard Foster -LRB- author of The Spirit of Disciplines and other contemporary Christian works -RRB- recommends that for every contemporary Christian book you read it is important to read another one more than at least 400 hundred years old . One way to access such older Christian worlds is through the Vintage Spiritual Classics series that makes classical Christian works accessible to believers who often have n't read anything written prior to currently-living Evangelical writers.This is arguably a good introduction to the thoughts and beliefs of early Christian monastics , both male and female . This is a period all Christians should study since it reflects the origins of most early Christian theology and practice derived from men and women who were sometimes just a generation or two removed from the Apostles . It helps Christians get in touch with their spiritual roots and offset some of the spiritual nonsense that occupies much of the shelf space in most Christian bookstores.However , I found this relatively thin -LRB- 221 page -RRB- book a disappointment . First , although it 's a first edition for this publisher in 1998 , it 's actually a reproduction of work translated by a woman who died in 1965 at the age of 76 , so who knows when it was actually prepared . Then , it 's a translation of source documents for the stories and sayings , but they 're sometimes less than easy to follow or `` pithy '' in this format . One really needs to dig for the most compelling and enlightening material . There are a number of more contemporary , extensive and more usefully translated books on the Desert Fathers , a number of which are listed in this book 's two-page `` Suggestions for Further Reading '' , virtually all of which post-date by 10-20 years this book itself.I suggest consulting Orthodox Christian WEB sites and publishers for good summaries , explanations and references for the philosophy , beliefs and practices of the Desert Fathers since the Orthodox denominations are arguably the Desert Fathers ' direct descendents in today 's world .
 Winston 's book is really terrible . I mean truly repellently , malignantly bad . `` Can it really be as bad as all that ? '' you wonder . Yes !! It 's that bad !! For starters , the book is poorly organized . Topics that logically belong together are often several chapters apart . There is no overall structure to the book . It seems like a collection of topics in AI that were hastily assembled without concern for thematic organization or flow . For example , the forward and backward chaining algorithms are presented in a chapter -LRB- Ch . 7 -RRB- on rule-based systems , but are not even mentioned in the chapter -LRB- Ch . 13 -RRB- on logic ! Perceptron training is presented AFTER backpropagation ! Contrast this with the much better book by Russell and Norvig , which uses the theme of intelligent agents as a continuing motivation throughout , and which groups related topics into logically arranged chapters.The examples in Winston are atrocious . The main example in the backpropagation chapter is some kind of classification network with a bizarre topography . This example is so trivial and weird that it totally fails to illustrate the strengths of backpropagation . The explanations of generalization and overfitting in backprop training are awful.The only chapter of this book that is not an unmitigated pedagogical disaster is the chapter on genetic algorithms , although better introductions exist -LRB- e.g. Melanie Mitchell -RRB- . A further annoyance is the placement of all the exercises at the end of the book instead of the end of the chapters to which they correspond.Avoid this book . It is truly horrible , and vastly superior books on AI are readily available at comparable prices .
 This book is bad -LRB- period -RRB- . It is very incoherent and ill-organized . The examples are vague and serve anything but support the material . Very theoritical with hardly any real life applications . Lacking in modern AI topics/game design .
 In a phrase
 this book is the most boring book i have ever read
 This book is one of Wilbur Smith 's early books and it shows.After reading his books set in ancient Egypt , I bought this thinking it would be a good read . He spent too much time on the relationships and too little time on the meat of the story which should have been the search for the elusive diamonds . I was able to finish it but was very disappointed particularly with the ending . It was as if he ran out of steam or got into a hurry . The ending in the book just left you wishing that he would have given you a little more to tie up the loose ends . Not a bad book but , not a great one either .
 Terminally boring and predictable but was able to finish it . I would rate his Monsoon and the early Courtney triliogy as 4-5 stars .
 When I order a book I expect a Book 6x9 inches , what I received was an shrunken facimily 4x7 trying very hard to make it to the major leagues . I would send it back but it would cost more than the imitation is worth .
 This book falls in the bottom five of the 28 books that I have read by Wilbur Smith . There is no review of the African continent that is so prevalent in his other books . No intermingling of the diverse peoples that populate this country that you find in most of these books . Here there is nothing here but greed and sex without purpose and typical family squabbles.To my knowledge diamond mining has never been done in this fashion in Africa .
 What a disappointment . I ca n't believe how cheaply made this book is . I am glad I got in on sell or I would have returned it . The caring case is a zip lock bag . The pages can be easily ripped off . The pages are not plain paper and you put a mental page behind the story page . I could have do this on my own with the cheaper and FULL version of this book . The Magnet letters are VERY tiny . It really was n't even worth the sell price . I 'm a home daycare provider and I really feel ripped off . Shame on the makers of this book . The are some wonderfully made Magnet learning books by Top That ! Including Counting with Magnetic Numbers -LRB- Magnetic Play and Learn -RRB- I wish I got more of these books instead
 I 've read several other Deborah Smith books . In my opinion Blue Willow was the best . Sweet Hush was by far the corniest book , I 've read in a long time . The phrase `` Sweet Hush '' must have been at used at least 100 times in the book . The main character `` Hush '' was predictable and one dimentional . If you enjoy Deborah Smith books , I would skip this one .
 This is an absolutely not useful book . It is not understood at all and it is written so that no body can understand it but the author himself . So I do not recommend for you to buy it . Please save your money.TM
 I thought this was a terriable book by itself , but makes for a nice companion when reading through McQuarrie 's book . McQuarrie skimps out on some of the explanations and instead leaves it to the reader to figure it out for themselves by solving his problems at the end of the chapter . One can usually find the answers -LRB- or at least some hints -RRB- within this book .
 Ms. Perry 's depiction of post-traumatic head injury is completely irresponsible . She apparently did no research at all . Amnesia of the type she describes here does not exist . Thus , the underlying premise of this book unbelievable , even infuriating , to anyone with the most basic knowledge of brain injury . In addition to this , Monk 's investigative skills are virtually nonexistent . His interviews with informants and suspects are fragmentary and incomplete . Suspense is not built , action is nearly absent , and the eventual solution is anticlimactic . Laden with turgid prose , this book is absolutely dreadful .
 Having heard the author speak on the radio , her works praised highly by the host , I decided to start with the first of the Monk series . Unfortunately , I found the main character thoroughly unsympathetic and unlikable . The story was slow as molasses with bits and pieces of useless information thrown in to fatten the book . Also , I do n't know the clinical features of amnesia , but it seemed that Monk 's memory loss was selective and inconsistent . The ending was highly anti-climactic and the fate of the characters in question never revealed . I was very much looking forward to reading her books , but was sorely disappointed .
 This was the first Anne Perry book I have read , but it will be the last . I found the basic premise of the main character 's amnesia to be a gimmick . It irritated me that he would never `` come clean '' about his lack of memory , especially when we find out that the people he worked with could see through it . I have enjoyed other murder-mysteries where the villain was a lot less obvious to the reader . It seems from her sales figures that I am in the minority - what am I missing ?
 This children 's book is a collection of nineteen folk tales collected and retold by the author from his travels throughout Central and South America . The book won the 1925 Newbery Medal for best contribution to American children 's literature . I am oviously in the minority with my opinion
 This book was an anthology of 19 stories . I did n't like it because it was hard for me to make a mental picture in my head . I had to read almost every paragraph over . I could not comprehend at all !
 This book was about witches and possession . I do not believe in those things . I am a Christian ! I did not like this book very much at all ! I do n't think this is a good book for kids to be reading , because they might have nightmares . Some of the stories are hard to comprehend . But if you do like those kind of things you will enjoy this book ! Thank you for reading my review .
 This work is an enthusiastic encouragement and guidebook for charismatic renewal among Lutherans . However , it offers some dangerous theology . For example , it suggests that it 's okay to make mistakes when first trying to prophesy -- that everybody needs practice . However , this is contrary to Scripture . God takes false prophecy very seriously , but unfortunately Mr. Christenson does not .
 Sex sells , and Frank Yerby gave it to his readers in droves . This steamy soap opera of a book , like other Yerby works , tells of a self made man who , in the end , is still a hostage to his hormones . The story begins with the adventures of the illegitimate Irish gambler , Stephen Fox . He 's worked his way around Europe and America and has now settled near New Orleans . He schemes and gambles until he establishes himself as a wealthy planter , building the great hall of Harrow . But money does n't buy happiness.He marries local beauty Odalie , but she turns out to be frigid in bed . After years of going without he finally takes on a quadroon mistress , Desiree , whose voice is like a soft , golden gong . Did I mention her voice is like a soft , golden gong ? Mr. Yerby mentions it several times . Eventually Odalie learns about Desiree and this causes even more conflict in the marriage . Both women turn up the heat in the competition over this man until there 's an eventual tragic end.The next part of the book takes up with Stephen 's son , Etienne . With Etienne 's cruelty to animals and his disregard for other people 's feelings , he has the classic makings of a serial killer if given half a chance . He 's a totally despicable person who may get what he deserves when he marries the half-wild Ceclie.Then at last the Civil War breaks out just when the book looked like it was losing steam . Yet we kind of breeze through the war , just touching upon high points , and before you know it it 's over . -LRB- The war AND the book . -RRB- This is my second book by Yerby that I 've read . I just ca n't come to care about any of his main characters because they 're simply unlikable when they 're not downright stupid . Yet it 's the secondary characters who are more interesting . There 's the venerable old slave woman Tante Caleen , and her grandson , Inch , who makes a daring bid for freedom . There 's roly-poly neighbor Andre Le Blanc , who jumps into action to avenge his friend . Even the plight of golden gonged Desiree and her brother are as interesting , if not more interesting , than the sexscapades of the main characters.It 's still readable stuff that moves at a steady pace and is littered with tidbits of historical facts . Oh , and it has sex .
 The cover of this book makes the masks look intricate and impressive . On the inside , they look cartoonish . For a Halloween costume , I had more success by blowing up photos of Noh masks on a photocopier and then cutting out the eyes .
 Two stars ONLY because it 's not a bad book , as long as you 're not a Merovingen Nights fan.If you are , too bad . SOL 's basic plot and characters , as well as incidents major and minor , are lifted straight out of the previous series . A few minor adjustments to adapt it to a setting in an `` alternate Italian Renaissance '' instead of the wonderful complex world of MN did n't improve the story at all.It 's the same thing , a little more predictable and considerably dumbed down.If you enjoyed the first version , this one will just annoy you with pitiful attempts to change enough details to pretend it 's not just hashing over the book you 've already read.If you have n't read the original , this book will just spoil it for you.Bad idea-whether it was the author 's or the publisher 's , it was just a bad idea.Shame on you !
 This book was disappointing . It has too many major characters that are inadequately developed and too many plot lines to follow . The magic is an awkward add-in that the book could well have been written without.The first half of the book 's plot , several of the characters , and the setting closely resemble one of C. J. Cherryh 's Merovingian Nights stories , which was much better .
 Mercedes Lackey is one of my favorite Authors . This book was such a let down , so much about nothing . The different plot lines were written by different people and you can tell where one picks up and one leaves off . it was a very irritating style.There are so many characters it 's easy to mix them up . Some of the characters you never figure out why they are in the novel at all.It 's too bad that I spent money on this book when I could have purchased a Mercedes Lackey Novel without help .
 I tried a couple of times to read this book . Each time I stopped half way through . It dragged in places and was OK in others , but it 's definately not up to Mercedes ' usual standard . The book finally wound up in the `` donate to the library '' pile .
 I 've been a longtime fan of Mercedes and own most of her Valdemar series . So , of course , I picked this book up at my local store . After wrestling through 50 pages , I gave up ! I plan to sell it back to my local store ASAP - this is nothing better than a paperweight in my bookshelves . The worst part is , my boyfriend picked it up and tried reading it . Now he thinks that this is a good example of her work !
 When I read a Mercedes Lackey book I expect to care about what happens to * someone * in the book . There was no one here who was ` real ' enough to care about . The people all felt like shadows , without true substance -LRB- or reasons -RRB- to their actions . I could n't find reasons to cheer for anyone . One problem is there were too many people to follow easily . Since there were so many none of them were drawn richly enough to draw me into their world .
 A large part of this book has been cannibalized from an earlier series , Merovingen Nights , a shared world based on a novel by C.J Cherryh -LRB- Angel with the Sword -RRB- . This fact is mentioned nowhere in the book or cover and no credit to C.J. Cherryh is given for the concept.This book is a pale imitation of the original sections of the series that Lackey wrote . In my opinion some of the best writing Lackey has done are in the original series . Unfortunately , the series was never completed and the books are now out of print . I find it sad that Lackey has to resort to presenting previously written work as new . Clearly , she has run out of original ideas and her best works are behind her .
 I did n't make it half way through the book before I gave up on it . It just seemed to go on and on and on ... . I usually like Mercedes Lackey , but every once in a while , she makes a bobble , and this was one of them . I think the book whould have been a lot better as either two books or one greatly pared down book .
 Mercedes Lackey contributed to a series I 'll refer to as the Merovingian Nights Series , set in a universe invented by C.J. Cherryh . Mercedes 's ORIGINAL contribution to the Merovingian Nights series is a far better read . The Shadow of the Lion was a major disappointment to me , not to mention I could have spent my money more wisely on another book . There should have been a warning posted on the cover or flap that if the reader has read the Merovingian Nights series , this book will offer very few surprises . Shame on you Ms. Lackey !
 The book had a plot line that meandered like a dog in a fire hydrant warehouse . The characters were as flat as the paper they were writen on . The authors collaboration worked as well as a mixture of a heavy smoker in a fireworks factory . It is very obvious it is a collaboration and it needs the hand of a better editor . If I had bought the book instead getting it at the library I would be demanding my money back for getting such a good example of why popular fiction is looked down upon . 1 star is being generous . I enjoyed other works by the authors and am severly disapointed in this collaboration .
 mergovian nights was the original series this muddled piece of work is based on . entire chapters and plots are lifted from those books , its unreal.the original books are much better , the loss of Retribution Jones , turning her into a minor wimpy character , was a great loss of a strong voice . i found most of the characters a poor imitation of the original series.having been to venice , i can state this book did not take me there , i had trouble belivieng it was venice , not paris.M lackey has written some fine books , why she put her name on this is a mystery .
 I am a devoted fan of Mercedes Lackey , and I have read nearly all her books , and this book is by far , my LEAST favorite . i was tempted to quit half-way through , but i didnt , which helped , because alot of things that seemed completely irrelevant , made sense at the very end . the main problem with the story is that there are WAY too many characters , as in a hundred , its hard to keep track & even care about all of them . It has alot of plot & story , and it can be difficult to keep track of at times . Its not a BAD read , its just ... very busy , with many many many characters . It was an OK read , but not what I expected .
 Picked up this book in the library to read a bit of the -LRB- not-so ? -RRB- friendly opposition 's reading materials , and I 'm appalled that even the right would buy -LRB- figuratively and literally -RRB- this crap . I did n't even finish the preface before I realized this was a crock.How can you title a preface `` How George W. Bush Became President '' and NOT mention either his opponent or the Supreme Court case ? `` Restoring dignity to the White House '' ? Heck , it 's 2004 and if he has n't done it by now he 's not going to.Second thing , and what sealed the deal , about this book for me was that Horowitz seems to think it 's a * problem * that half of the Middle Eastern experts at universities were from the middle East in 1992 . Where the crap are they supposed to come from ? Horowitz would be pissed as all get-out if US experts at French universities were from Germany . Then he 'd blame the left for it.A load of crap and a waste of time , regardless of political affiliation . Restore dignity to your library and read someone a little less racist and a little more educated .
 Dated . Does n't tell `` how to beat the Democrats ... '' Old , worn advice . Save your money and buy something else .
 If you feel passionately about politics and whether having a republican in office or a democrat will make one tiny bit of difference , then go ahead and buy the latest addition to this seemingly endless genre.For those of us with kids who fear for the sustainability of our planet , I suggest you look elsewhere for solutions .
 In the interests of honesty and fairness , I will state at the outset that my evaluation of this book is based solely on the several pages of the book devoted to the Vietnam War , since that is my one and only area of expertise . The information the Schecters ' provide in other sections of the book on Soviet operations and agents in the West may be outstanding and exactly on target for all I know , but in light of what is contained in the pages devoted to Vietnam , I fear that is not the case . The entire section on Vietnam consisted of what are clearly anecdotal stories and rumors from Soviet sources . The only sourcing provided in the endnotes for any of the information in these pages is `` confidential source , '' which is meaningless . The first anecdote in the section , about a Soviet missile officer who shot down three U.S. jets with one missile on 24 July 1965 , captured and interrogated the pilots , and personally murdered one of them , is ludicrous . Both Soviet and Vietnamese records -LRB- publicly available -RRB- state clearly that Soviet missile personnel manned the launch sites that fired that day , which was the first day that surface-to-air missiles were used during the Vietnam War . However , if the Schecters had done even the most rudimentary research , they would have found that only ONE U.S. aircraft was shot down by surface-to-air missiles on 24 July 1965 day -LRB- the other two U.S. aircraft lost that day were hit over Laos , hundreds of miles from the surface-to-air missile sites -RRB- , and that only two -LRB- not three -RRB- aircrewmen were lost that day . The fact that the Schecters did not even check the U.S. loss records , which are public and available on the internet and in books as well as in government archives , does not say much for their diligence , and it certainly calls into question just how reliable the rest of the information presented in this book really is .
 Terrence Malick 's , ` The Thin Red Line ' is one of my favorite films so I was excited to read Mr. Michel Chion 's discussion of the film . I was pleasantly surprised to see Mr. Chion discuss elements of ` Thin Red Line ' in relation to Malick 's previous two films , ` Badlands ' and ` Days of Heaven ' as there are themes present in all three films . I also thought the author did a good job in discussing the distance between characters -LRB- whether it be in relation to the dialogue , or the way Mr. Malick chose to frame his shots -RRB- as well as man 's distance between ourselves and nature.My biggest problem with Mr. Chion 's book has to do with the voice-overs -LRB- or monologues -RRB- that populate ` The Thin Red Line ' . The monologues in the film are incredibly important , which Mr. Chion admits , indeed , he spends much of the book relating the monologues to what is , or is not , happening on-screen . He also attempts to penetrate the meaning of these statements as they relate to the ` bigger picture ' -LRB- love , death , life etc. -RRB- However , Mr. Chion 's problem is that he does not credit the monologue with the actual character who is speaking it.I 'm not sure if the mix-up is due to Mr. Chion being French and that perhaps he saw a dubbed version of the film , or was just unable to tell the accents apart , but the North American DVD release of the film , does tell the viewer -LRB- if the subtitles are turned on -RRB- who is speaking the monologues . As well , if you listen carefully , you can hear the subtle differences in voice between the characters of Private Witt -LRB- Jim Caviezal -RRB- and the speaker of the majority of the monologues , Private Edward Train -LRB- John Dee Smith -RRB- . Many of you may think , ` so what ? ' Does it matter who spoke the monologue/voice-over or does it matter what the monologue says ? I agree , WHAT is said , is more important then WHO said it , generally . But Mr. Chion 's discussion , indeed his thesis , is severely hampered by his mistake as to the monologues.For example , Mr. Chion spends a great deal of time breaking down the ending of the film , and the final voice-over found at the conclusion -LRB- the one that contains the phrase ` look out at the things you made , all things shining . ' -RRB- He states that a disembodied Pvt. Witt makes the statement -LRB- an honest mistake perhaps , as both Witt and Train have deep southern accents -RRB- when in fact it is Train that makes the speech . Chion believes that Witt is the central character in the film and that we are , perhaps , trying to understand the relation between war and nature , through him . Dead at the end of the film , Witt can reflect back on what has happened.The problem is that Train -LRB- the young soldier at the end who says something to the effect of , ` I 've been through the think and thin of it ... ' -RRB- makes the ` big ' statement , changing the meaning of Witt -LRB- as Chion sees him -RRB- and introducing another character into the discussion -LRB- Pvt. Train -RRB- . Again , because Chion spends so much time on Witt and the monologues , their importance is front and centre . But because he can not tell the speakers apart , his view as to the meaning of the film is hampered -LRB- and dare I say , incorrect -RRB- . I value the attempt of Mr. Chion in this book , and in general , the other books in the BFI Modern Classics series , but the fundamental failure of the author to attribute the monologues to their owners , cripples this book 's power.J . Adams
 It is curious that one one the more significant achievements of `` Pastor '' Charles Taze Russell is omitted above . That fact is that he was the primary founder of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society , and the religion now known as `` Jehovah 's Witnesses . '' No small amount of his theology is controversial in the body of the Church as a whole , as it would be -LRB- for different reasons , perhaps -RRB- amongst Jehovah 's Witnesses .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I would not recommend this book . Russell does make some remarkable findings , however , his theology is corrupt and he is a party to a cult .
 This book does not present much information about Chopin the man , and stumbles around endlessly about Chopin 's music . The prose is laughably dated . Who can not help laughing at sentences like `` Chopin distrusted Jews , but that 's the way Poles are . '' The French , English , Germans , and Hungarians
 The biography is very disappointing , the musical descriptions are poetic but do n't get into much detail . If you want a general feel for Chopin 's music but do n't want intricate musical detail , the descriptions of the pieces may suit your need . That 's the only reason I did n't give this book the lowest possible rating.For biographical info , `` Chopin in Paris '' by Tad Szulc is much more informative and accurate . Huneker 's biography , besides being relatively short , takes off on gossipy tangents that often jump around in time making it hard to get a good feeling for Chopin 's progression thru life.My problem with the musical descriptions -LRB- the book is divided into 76 pages of biography and 141 pages of music `` analysis '' , divided into sections on preludes , mazurkas , etc. -RRB- is again the gossipy nature . For example , the chapter on the preludes is 13 pages long . The first four pages are strictly about who claimed when and where they were written.I recently played Prelude No. 4 in E Minor at Peabody in Baltimore . Prior to the recital , I was deluged with coaching at college master-class play-ins , etc. . The discussions centered on things like why the downbeat beginning each measure is played weaker than usual , contributing to the feeling of hopelessness in the piece.Huneker 's descriptions are
 This book is listed with Weinstock as the author , but Huneker is the author . Weinstock wrote the forward . He also wrote a book called `` Chopin
 Terry Pratchett 's other books are a lot like well painted homes . There are several layers . `` Small Gods '' is like inviting over your friends to paint . There is one uneven coat of paint and they left masking tape on all of the edging in an unsuccessful attempt to miss it with their paintbrushes . The ending of the book -LRB- and middle and beginning too if truth be known -RRB- left me with the same vague feeling of dissatisfaction as when I realized that to get the place properly painted I would have to have another seperate group of friends and throw another ` paint party ' .
 Okay , I had to read this book for a Fantasy Lit . class I am taking . My teacher and all of my fellow classmates , it seems , find it hilarious . I , however , am left wondering
 I 'm a late comer to Terry Pratchett but have utterly gotten caught up in the world he 's created and the incredibly intelligent books . While I greatly enjoy the book itself , I was highly disappointed with the ebook because it is missing numerous pages in the version for the iphone . Unfortunately I passed the deadline for a return . Missing one or two pages is not appropriate but not a big deal . There were at least 4 places that were missing 4-6 pages in the iphone version .
 I 've listened to the first thirteen books of Discworld , finding nearly all of them hilarious and read by some very entertaining narrators -LRB- Nigel Planer being exemplary at it -RRB- but Tony Robinson 's recitation is absolutely miserable . It completely ruined the book . His dynamic range incessantly and frustratingly wavers from a quiet , indoor voice to a conspiratorial whisper , requiring the listener to make a compulsion of adjusting the volume
 I liked what it was about , the characters and alot of the ideas . What I did n't like was the plot , it just bored me . The only reason I kept reading was to see if it had anymore ideas in it , I love his ideas , especially in books like Mort , Colour of Magic , and Light Fantastic .
 I have read most of this series with great delight . However , Pratchett finally let me down.It plods along , in no particular hurry to let the reader move on to better things.The humor -- what little there is of it -- is forced . It has the feel of sophomore philosophy majors sitting ` round the Quad on a Saturday night , dateless and full of mockery . It is kind of sad.Far from one of his best . PYRAMIDS , any of the series having to do with the Watch or the wondrous three witches -- you will enjoy those far more.This one droops as limply as an Ayn Rand novel .
 While the ideas that lay the framework for this book are solid , everything else is lacking.The humor is forced , awkward , and on occasion plagarized . A nearly verbatim quote from a Monty Python sketch stands out in my mind.The plot is slow and seldom rivetting . The only thing that kept me turning the pages at some points was my search for the origin of the `` REMIND ME AGAIN HOW THE HORSE-SHAPED ONES MOVE '' quote.The character development is poor . The main character , Brutha , makes a sudden transition from a bumbling idiot to a sagely leader-of-men and bargainer-with-gods . I was n't convinced.The ideas , however , are the salvation of this book . Read it if you have a good imagination ... you 'll need it to make up a new story around the concept Pratchett so poorly utilizes .
 The last line of my review comes first : If you do not find church humor and church-esque situations -LRB- including a lot of parodying of church ideology and customs -RRB- funny , either due to inexposure -LRB- like me -RRB- or too much exposure -LRB- fundamentalism -RRB- , this book is NOT for you.And now the review : I love Terry Pratchett - he is my favorite author of all time . And I picked up this book hoping it would become one of my favorites.The fact is , I did n't find much in this book that was funny.This novel moves along at a snail 's pace , in terms of the plot and the humor . The chief reason for my disillusionment is that Pratchett includes a LOT of church analogies into the novel . The characters are all church characters . And the god is not so godly . Over half of this book came across as a particularly long and pointless conversation between a dullard and his favorite stuffed animal.Overall , I wish I 'd had a review that had warned me thusly : -LRB- last line of the review -RRB-
 although this book was an intentional attack on organized religion of the past , i thought that it went to far in trying to humor the audience . In light of this book being fiction , Pratchett still wanders a little far into even joking about something that is as important to millions of people as a supreme power.even so , the comedy good throughout . the characters were a little shallow at times , and my own obsession with imagery in fantasy novels -LRB- see Guy Gavriel Kay -RRB- , made me feeling a bit disappointed in such a huge phenomenon as Terry Pratchett .
 In my opinion , the worst book in the series . I read this book through just because I did not want to waste my spent money.do only buy it if you are a HARDCORE Discworld Fan .
 This is the most astoundingly useless career planning book I have ever seen . The portion of the book dedicated to help you choose your career type is ridiculous . You get the option of identifying with 11 jobs from which all the rest are derived . Then she goes on to `` describe '' jobs . Each job gets a one paragraph explanation along with training and earning information . The training information tells you stuff like `` you 'll need acting ability '' in order to become an actor or the trade secret of physicians - they have to go to medical school ! Her information on compensation typically says `` you 'll be paid a salary '' , `` you 'll be paid a fee '' , or `` your income is generated from what you charge for your work . '' My heart goes out to those who need to spend $ 14 for this sort of advice . The only surprise in the book was under the job description of `` Cruise Ship Featured Guest '' which could be `` an attractive single man who will dance with a variety of female guests . '' Now there 's a job to make your parents proud
 Wow , this is one of the most useless `` books '' I have ever read . Based on the title , one would expect some sort of insight into a career search . I found this book to be no help at all . It looks like the author lifted a few job ideas from the government job handbook and wrote a bad Clif 's Notes for them . If you want guidance , please do not waste your time and money on this drivel . I agree with the previous reviewer ... . I feel sorry for anyone that actually paid for this book .
 This book is a total waste of money ; it is only useful for lighting up the BBQ . The only one to make -LRB- plenty ? -RRB- of money out of this book is the writer . Do not be discouraged by the title ! . This is not a serious book .
 The many ideas given -LRB- eat the inside of sandwiches , eat the top off of canapes , avoid the crust -RRB- can give a true celiac serious consequences . Sometimes , a person can eat gluten with no obvious side effects but do great `` silent damage '' to one 's intestines . There are complications to celiac disease such as refractory sprue and collagenous sprue . I have these complications due to not being strict enough when following the gluten free diet .
 My sister was recently diagnosed with Celiac Disease and there is a strong chance that I may have it as well . I wanted to read about it to learn more and was told that this book was a great place to start . Unfortunately , I found the book to be poorly written and with the most bizarre suggestions ; how to write your family a Christmas letter , informing them of the diagnosis . Come on ! There are other instances that I felt it was just a little over the top and was not realistic to everyday life.Since finishing this book , I began reading Elizabeth Hasselbeck 's book , The G-Free diet and have found it to be much more informative and much better written . Ms. Hasselbeck 's book gets right to the point giving you the information that you really need to understand this disease .
 Most of the people who gave shining , sparkly reviews of this book focus on how it made them feel . It is not boring . Jax is a talented writer , I 'll give her that . But when I read on page 394 that the perscription drugs I was on and had been on for 5 years -LRB- both Pfizer drugs -RRB- were not GF I was seriously troubled.Many follow-ups with both Pfizer and online support groups have indicated just how full of erroneous information this book is.I went off my meds immediately thinking I was injesting gluten . I suffered the undue consequences of going off `` cold turkey '' when I needed to taper off . In actuality those meds ARE GF , and always were !!! If you want the facts -LRB- as boring as they are -RRB- -- dont rely on this book . If you want some comfort and laughs then give it a read , but be sure to take any factual information with a grain of salt , as they say.Jax was indeed very lax when writing this book .
 My nutritionist -LRB- who is a celiac -RRB- asked me to burn this book ! The advice is fanatical . Throw away your non-stick cookware , plastic containers and wooden spoons because they are contaminated . Pleassse !
 I do n't know if the years that have gone by and the experiences I have had with dealing with other celiacs and the gluten free diet have changed my perspective , but I am underwhelmed with Jax Peters Lowell 's new `` Gluten Free Bible '' , which is a new revision of `` Against the Grain '' . When my family of four celiacs was first diagnosed , her book `` Against the Grain '' offered me a refreshing perspective on how to deal with this condition . At that time I thought that if I could raise my celiac children with her perspective , they would be fine . I thought that her determination and zeal in pursuing special treatment because she was n't `` ordinary '' was admirable.In the `` Gluten Free Bible '' , Jax falls flat . She sounds too preachy , too whiny , and she deals with some things too superficially to make this book a worthwhile addition to a celiac 's library . She goes beyond addressing gluten-free issues to address her concerns with the fat and sugar content of the average American diet , her concerns with pesticides and chemicals , and her preoccupation with the macrobiotic food fad . This ends up leaving the original portions of `` Against the Grain '' with less sparkle , panache , and flair.In my opinion , eating the toppings off of canapes and the innards from sandwiches and trying to avoid eating the cheesecake crust are just not reasonable activities that even a starving celiac should be engaging in . A much better strategy for a celiac to use when out on the town is the boy scout mantra of `` be prepared '' . I encountered many factual inaccuracies in the Gluten Free Bible that may be of great concern to celiacs . Products long known to be gluten free , such as Tootsie Rolls , Butterball turkeys , Starbucks coffee , and medications like Lipitor and Zoloft are described in the book as being unsafe for a celiac to consume.Some of the basic information in her resource pages at the back of the book is just simply wrong . I found spelling errors here and there . I have to wonder about just how much of a rush the author and publishers were in to get this on bookstore shelves . I was disappointed with her treatment of celiac disease and communion , particularly Catholic communion . While she seems to be more aware of cross contamination issues in this book than in Against the Grain , she is still writing about removing the contents of a `` normal '' sandwich and putting it between two slices of gluten free bread and eating it -- if you are not `` too sensitive '' . She writes that she expects that copies of this book will be as well-worn and dog-eared and beloved to celiacs as `` Against the Grain '' . I think not . I think my copy will end up in the round file . Newly diagnosed celiac patients who are looking for a good book about the gluten-free diet should try Shelley Case 's book `` The Gluten-Free Diet '' or `` Wheat Free , Worry Free '' by Danna Korn .
 There are serious inaccuracies in this book that can cause a great deal of stress for a celiac . The section on medications with gluten is especially troubling as it causes someone who thought they were safe to worry for no reason . Most troubling is her treatment of the risks of cancer . Her treatment is both superficial , incaccurate and unrealistic . First she says that the risk is the same whether you maintain a gluten free diet or not . Then she says that the only thing you can do about it is to not worry about it . Her discussion of picking food out of a sandwiches is poor advice . In one section she understands the problems of cross contamination , yet does n't seem to understand that picking apart food is more of a risk than using a toaster . Finally , her flip advice about how to avoid answering questions is ridiculous . Why not be honest instead of avoiding the questions . It 's up to the person as to how many details they want to give . But avoiding the issue is not the answer .
 Although Jax presents the gluten free lifestyle with a great attitude , anyone serious about the diet knows that it is n't this easy . The hard info that Jax gives in this book is outright wrong and could be very dangerous to some one new to the diet . She needs to loose the casual approach and get real about being truly gluten free .
 Whether this book is worth reading depends on what you are looking for.Jax Lowell is clearly a talented and enthusiastic writer who can make you feel upbeat about a gluten-free diet . If you want a `` feel-good '' experience or a mood-booster , this book could be the one.This update of her earlier book , however , still recommends practices that are dangerous for celiacs , such as removing sandwich fillings from between gluten bread and putting it between your own gluten-free bread . To the general public , this may sound a reasonable survival strategy , but research studies are consistently showing that even minute amounts of cross-contamination can keep the autoimmune response of celiac active and damaging the intestines . Even an amount of gluten so small as 1mg/day has caused continuing damage , according to one study.Instead of purchasing the `` Gluten Free Bible '' , money would be better spent on
 If you have a mild to moderate gluten intolerance , you can MAYBE follow this book 's advice and be safe . If you have full on Celiac Disease , you will find yourself sick in a single digestive cycle!Jax 's information is lacking , out of date , and incorrect . I obsessively research foods , medicines , ingredients , and restraunts so as to be able to join my friends and family in their dinners , and my research shows Jax to be woefully incorrect . I 'm encouraging my local booksellers to not carry this any more , and I encourage the discerning readers amoung you to take great care . If you want the feel good stories , read the feel good stores . Do n't take the feel bad advice .
 What in the world was Jax Peters Lowell thinking when she wrote Chapter 17 , `` Rx for Health '' ? I can not begin to express the fear and anxiety I felt when I saw Celebrex named as a drug that contains gluten . I stopped taking it immediately and began searching for a gluten-free alternative . I was so upset that all of my efforts as a celiac to live gluten-free were being undermined by my Celebrex . I had thought it was gluten-free ! I found the website that Lowell mentions on page 394 , Glutenfree Drugs.com , hoping to find a gluten-free alternative pain medication . Imagine my relief at seeing Celebrex on the list . I contacted Pfizer ... no gluten ! I Googled gluten and Celebrex ... NO Gluten ! There are many responsible guides for celiacs . Lowell 's book is certainly not one of them !
 Although this book had good information , it had to be ferreted out . It did not give enough day to day living details . I seldom go to cocktail parties , eat caviar or have business lunchs . The restaurants we patronize do not have reservations , most of the time do not have chefs.The author came across as a spoiled socialite with a 6 figure income and no children . She had a snit because the hostess did not cater to her every whim . She demonstrated rude behavior that I would not have tolerated.I would have prefered she give me good information on common occurances on living the ` real ' life .
 I found areas of this book that contained information that would make individuals needing to lead a gluten free life style ill . There were several poor suggestions in this book and also poor information regarding some of the products mentioned as NOT being gluten free that are!There are great books out there to help Celiacs ! This is certainly * not * one of them .
 While there is much good information and insightful stories in this book , there is also some information that is just inaccurate and/or very disputed within the celiac community . If you are a newly diagnosed celiac , please read this book with caution and refer to other sources . Danna Korn 's books -LRB- Wheat-free , Worry-free and Kids with Celiac -RRB- are very factual and well researched . Tania Pineo
 This book strikes me as having been a first draft or proposal , but which somehow wound up as a finished product . I bought the book because I was taken in by a rather ambiguous blurb - allegedly by `` John LeCarre '' - on the dust jacket . I should have known better.Despite the positive reputations of the book 's two -LRB- why two ? -RRB- translators , I found the translation from the French - or whatever language the book was written in - to be severely deficient . It detracted from the already thin value of the novel itself . - Russian , apparently author Nella Bielski 's native tongue , does not have the Latin letter `` H '' , which is why , for example , in Russian the name Hitler would be given as Gitler . So , when we see in the book a German place called `` Schansengof '' it should be obvious that the `` g '' in that word was the Russian author 's way of transliterating the German letter `` h '' ; it should be `` Schansenhof . '' What professional interpreter -LRB- s -RRB- would not know this ? Have they not ever been to France 's next door neighbor ? - The Russian term `` vnuchka '' in the book is translated as `` little daughter '' . In fact , the word means granddaughter . - At one point a girl refers to her grandfather , grandmother , and `` Babushka . '' To a reader who does n't know any Russian it makes it seem as if there are three people being referred to ; actually Babushka is just the Russian word for grandmother . Is the average reader supposed to know this ? How about the translators ? - Why do he translators use the French spelling of a Russian name . The name of the hospital is given in the book as the `` Botkine '' , whereas in reality it 's Botkin in both in Russian and in English.With all due respect to the author , the book is just not edited or finished properly .
 This is beautifully written but this does not make up for the total absence of a story . Three characters in war and how their lives , interact . Reads like a series of notes rather than a completed work . If it is trying to convey the horror of war it fails . Deeply deeply disappointing - I feel I have wasted my time and been cheated .
 I try to read every WW2 era novel I can get my hands on , particulartly those from non-american viewpoints . This means I read action-thriller , non-fiction , plain fiction , etc. . I am very pleased when a book includes much more than just battle scences and international intrigue . This novel however did not seem to be what it claimed in the dust jacket.Bielski 's writing style is a bit different than some may be used to , but that did not necessarily take away from a wonderful and exciting storyline -- for the first half of the book . After that , it seems like she forgets why she was originally writing the story and goes off talking about something completely unrelated . This would have made sense if the storylines had been brought together at some point , but they were not.No mention of the characters or events from the first half of the book until the final 3 or 4 pages ; and then it seems almost as an afterthought , as if trying to tie up loose ends . The end result left me with too many unanswered questions , and really no desire to see them answered by this writer.If you like artsy books that lead to nowhere , then this is for you . This story could have easily been done in any other year other than the year ' 42 , and the reader would walk away feeling the same exact way .
 I am a University School alumnus and attended the school when many of the people described in this book -LRB- including Richard Hawley -RRB- were there . Ruhlman has definitely caputured the ethos of the place . I question , though , whether the portrait makes a compelling case for boys ' schools . In reading the book , I was reminded of undercurrents of intolerance and `` group thinking '' that may be part of all adolescents but which seem particularly pronounced when boys are amongst themselves . The book also reminded me of how a provincial , almost smug muscular Episcopalianism is the school 's unofficial culture -LRB- the school is theoretically non-sectarian -RRB- . While these negatives came out , there was nothing presented that suggested anything positive about an all-male environment . We are given a case study with little analysis of the importance of the all male culture . As a result , one sees the merits of prep-school , i.e. resources , small classes and attentive faculty , but is left with no sense of why being all male is relevant . And one does see some demerits of not having a coed school .
 Since I own a barn and I want to convert it into a house I 've scrutinized every text and every picture in this book for ideas . I expected to be amazed and inspired at what architects and designers have done to the old barns but this book left me confused and disappointed . But if you are looking for a book to occupy your coffee table , at the bottom , then this is the book for you . I felt cheated because it lacked the overall quality and professionalism expected in a design book . It seems like this book was hastily put together with limited resources and was n't carefully edited . For example several captions of the pictures are misplaced or do n't correspond to any picture shown on the facing pages . The books title is , Old Barns-New Homes
 When I ordered the book it was listed as -LRB- like new -RRB- Hog Wash ! the inside of the book was high lighted with yellow lighter and ink pen from beginning to end , there is hardly one page that is not completely marked up . What the heck ? I bought the book for a gift -LRB- one the best book on the planet by the way -RRB- the book is an heirloom , I was very disappointed , the delivery time was good , but the condition of the book is just crap . For me there is no way to correct this at this point , I needed it by this coming Friday ... absolute disappointment ! Dan Hall
 this is by far one of the worst step 2 prep materials ever ! the questions on this CD ROM were random , poorly written , and testing very obscure material , certainly material inappropriate for the step 2 level . as an example , drug X effects which part of the electron transport chain ? oh my , that 's going way back into first year med , which in not what step 2 is about . we all know step 2 is for clinical applications of what we 've learned as third year meds , and i can honestly say that this CD does not test these types of things . it was extremely frustrating trying to go thru the CD and `` give it a chance '' but i just could n't take it anymore ! try the NMS series or the A&L ERT if you want some computer practice , this exam master stuff does n't cut it .
 The content does not simulate the actual USMLE and there are so many nagatively phrased questions and also , most of the questions are never asked as for as my step1 experience goes .
 The software does not cocur to the current USMLE pattern.It is a waste of money . The questions present on the trial CD are misleading ... they do not reflect the pattern of questions inside . Do not waste your money on this !
 The most unpractical cd i have ever used.A complete waste of money nothing but absurd questions on anatomy and phsiology in step 2
 I hate this CD , it was waste of money and I wish I could refund my money -LRB- 89 USD + S&H , I bough it directly from the publisher -RRB- I am absolutly agree with the rest of the reviewers . questions are not even close to USMLE step 2 format . whoever wrote those questions I am sure that had no idea about USMLE at all since the questions are about any thing but USMLE step 2 . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME ON THIS CD 7 insted try to read NMS REVIEW multiple Q -LRB- it is bible of USMLE step 2 -RRB- .
 This CD ROM was frustrating at best with questions poorly written testing obscure material inappropriate for the step 2 level . Just as an example , they asked , Drug X will effect which part of the electron transport chain ? My goodness , if that is n't flashback to first year med , I do n't know what is . Those kind of questions would be okay , but the fact is , that is not what step 2 is all about . Step 2 is about clinical situations , and this CD ROM is sorely lacking . As I said , it had many strange and random questions with poor answer explainations . It was extremely frustrating . Luckily , I purchased the CD from the official Exam Master Web Site which gives a 30 day money back guarantee . -LRB- I do n't know what Amazon 's return policy is . -RRB- So if you really must buy it , and I would recommend that you do NOT , go to the offical web site , at least you could return the darn CDs . By the way , do not believe the EXAM MASTER home page claims which are made by supposed medical students . The claims are highly exaggerated and likely are completely false . Save your money ! Try A&L ERT or NMS CD ROMS both of which are available thru amazon . I found the A&L series to be much closer to the true USMLE format .
 This was a poorly constructed CD ROM with supposed board-like questions . The content of the questions was not at all like what is on the actual exam . Many of them were detail oriented , but details that are never actually tested and are probably more suited for Step 1 . As an example , they asked , which liver enzyme pathway is affected when taking drug X ? That is NOT what Step 2 is all about . A majority of the questions were poorly written , and quite random . I tried the CD for two weeks , hoping that it would get better and thinking that maybe it was just me not being well prepared , but let me tell you , it did not improve during those two weeks . I just got very frustrated each time I tried a test . Thank god the official Exam Master website has a 30 day money back guarantee . I returned that baby far before the 30 days were up . By the way , all those medical student testimonies that are on the offical website are totally false . There is no way that the CDs were that good . Save your money . Try NMS test products instead .
 This CD is very much UNLIKE step 2 . I do n't know who wrote the questions on this program , but they clearly were not familiar with usmle format or usmle content . In agreement with the other reviews , the questions were totally random and kind of off the wall . If they have the audacity to charge 59.00 , they should at least live up to the price tag . You are better off using the practice CD that USMLE gives you for free .
 The only type of person to whom I could possibly recommend this book is someone with no experience with children and who wants a `` forest '' level view of them from one source . There is nothing in this book for a parent in the thick of childrearing . Although they are completely out of date with respect to political correctness and product availability , the series from the Gesell Institute -LRB- Your One Year Old , Your Two Year Old , etc. etc. -RRB- provides immensely better insight into what is going on with children at particular ages and stages . `` Raising Your Spirited Child '' is a much better place to start looking for advice getting along with a difficult child or even an average difficulty child . I am saddened and more than a bit annoyed -LRB- I purchased the book on the basis of the organization 's recommendation -RRB- that the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry would put its imprimatur on a book containing such little insight .
 You have a 9 month baby and you wonder which kind of toys to buy him , toys that will help develop his imagination or his skills etc. . This book tells you
 I picked up this book at B&N ; because I had just read two Jane Austin novels and I thought this would be a light read . I was wrong . The beggining and the end had a purpose in the story but the middle could have been much , much shorter and the ending made a little longer.I liked the character of Mr. Bounderby . He was very well developed . I would even say over-developed , but he was the only one . How did Sissy influence the youngest Gradgrind ? Why did n't we know of Mrs. Bounderbys inner turmoil till she ran to her father ? Every character had something missing . What happened to Mr. Bounderby once he was found out ? Why is Sissy so special and what did she really do for the family?It was a long book where nothing much happened until the last quarter and when it finally ended I felt cheated because it lacked a complete story line and full characters . The story line could have been forgiven if I was more satisfied with the characters .
 Pretty much , the beginning and the middle of this book is pretty dull . The thing that really saves it towards the middle . So I would not read this book if you are looking for something gripping or that will really make you eager to find out what is going to happen next . The book is simply put a drama with no positive turning points until the end . The ending of a book is really inportant to me . This book has a good ending , so that raises the from my point of view.The book was kind of hard to follow for me . One of the main reasons for this is the fact that there are too many characters . There is at least twenty . Some of these characters are Louisa , Mr. Bounderby , Mr. Gradgrind , Sissy Jupe , and Stephen Blackpool . Stephen Blackpool 's story was very sad and really affected my emotions as I read it . I also felt that Sissy Jupe went through a lot but stayed strong through her troubles.The basic storyline is this
 I picked up Hard Times preparing to enjoy it since Charles Dickens is my favorite author . While not going so far to say that I was disappointed , I will say that it was the first Charles Dickens novel that I almost felt like not finishing . Not only is the plot rather humorless , but the characters are charmless and almost uninteresting . If it hadnt been written by Dickens then I may have liked it better but as it was it did not have any of Dickens usual charm and humor .
 This book was terrible ! Half the characters did not have an ending and no main character is apparent . Then again , I 'm a freshman in high school and may be a little inexperienced to judge so harshly . I personally dislike Dicken 's wordy style of writing because it 's easy to get lost . If you like Dickens , and you do n't mind his writing style I 'm sure you would probably disagree with me . I 'll give it a two .
 Charles Dickens did for the art of literature what the 80 's did for music
 this book is hard to understand and boring
 Hard Times is a book written in older Brittish convention style . The way this story was written I could hardly understand , because I ` am not used to reading the older english version.A book like this one would be for someone who can definitly read , and understand almost every form of writing . It 's mainly about innocent lives simply being tooken away.This included family , adults , and children , knowing at that time age did n't matter.If you were one of killer 's victoms , most likely you would lose your life.That is what made it so hard for many people to calmly contiue on with thier lives ' , because they were worried about their safty.Just letting you know , I would not recommend reading this book , If you 're someone like me who dos n't understand the old english version used in this text.This story included characters such as Mr.Marmel , the Welp , Mr.Grandgrind , Hart House , Mrs. Pegler and Rachel.They are all involved in those particular pressures of life in that city . So if you believe you have the right tools to recieve what `` Hard Times '' is spouting out to you , I will not hold you back . I say give it a try .
 Any Dickens book can be summarized in two words
 `` Is there anything more dull than this damn book ? '' - Gradgrind
 This book was a total waste of my time . do n't get me wrong though im a very avid reader but , DAG !! was Dickens intending for his book to be so boring or did it just mistakenly happen . The characters were hard to understand and so was the plot . ONe character in particular got on my last nerve
 This is not Dickens at his best . No offence to the narrator , who does a good job but I think the story itself is rather boring . Especially when compared with his classics `` Great Expectations '' , `` A Christms Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' .
 I found Hard Times to be a particularly boring novel . I also purchased the matching audiobook which I listened to on a long drive . There should be a warning label ! The darn thing puts you to sleep faster than listening to Stephen Hawking all day ... anesthetized ! Why not one star ? I like Dickens , what can I say ?
 Did n't like this book at all . For several reasons
 This is a 6 x 4.5 x 0.5 inch book that is basically the federal rules with SOME objections . So far the description doesnt sound so bad right ? But then throw in that this tiny little booklet is $ 35.00 bucks . If you buy this , and some of you will , you will be shocked at how tiny this book is with large print running you 35 bucks . I got a required book on the federal rules and a book on objections that total $ 70.00 and both on their own are worth more than this . Get something else if you can . The books I purchased instead of this are below . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Sure this is an interesting book . Unfortunately the copy we received was written in spanish !
 I did not really care for this book . I found the plot messy and muddled , with many clumsy devices and scenes that felt forced -LRB- the climax , in particular , seemed very rushed , cinematically speaking -RRB- . The characters , for the most part , were thin - and perhaps the author reached too far in casting the reference-net . I wanted to like it -LRB- I very much enjoyed Alan Moore 's tales of the Extraordinary Gentlemen 's League -RRB- ... A very intriguing idea though -LRB- I give the acorn a golden prize but the oak grew sickly -RRB- ... Maybe it is your thing ; it was not mine .
 Gee , I was n't as impressed as you guys . I found it quite tedious . Bram Stoker 's original is one of a kind . This is not even remotely in the same league . Sorry .
 Too many characters that appear for a sentence or two and then just vanish into the London fog of the late 19th century .
 Unfortunately , it 's two left feet on this occasion . I bought the book as I am a big fan of both Holmes and Dracula stories , but despite the sometimes colorful characters , it was a tedious read .
 I 'm no `` Grammar Nazi , '' but if you 're going to write a period novel as a follow-up to one of the most beloved English-language horror stories ever written , then your English grammar had better be spot on . Not to mention the story is , of course , SET in England and is written by an English author - hey , it 's YOUR language , Newman ! Learn to write it!Having struggled through 40 of so pages of meandering run-on sentences , dreary soliloquies and confusing dialogue , I had to put this book down for good . After all , one can ask oneself , `` Wait , who the heck is talking now ?!! '' only so many times before losing interest.I understand that the author is trying to emulate Stoker 's style , but the writing comes across as cluttered , clumsy and dull . I 'll just say that this is the first book I 've not finished in ... well , I do n't know how long ! Great premise , interesting cameos ... but BOO ! BOO to the writer ! Poorly written and tedious - literally , TEDIOUS to read.Dental work with a dust jacket , that 's my summary of `` Anno Dracula . `` Looking for a beautifully crafted period novel with a supernatural theme ? Try Susanna Clarke 's `` Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell . '' Just leave THIS dreary Dracula book in its crypt . Blecch !
 This book needed to be , in my opinion , at least two hundred pages longer to fully explore all the ideas that were brought up . I liked how it was written and all the cameos by other famous vampires/historical figures , but what I did n't like was the ending . The killer I thought was a real let down , as was how he was eventually caught . And the way Dracula was presented at the very end ... ugh . Not good at all.I guess if you 're really bored and desperately want to read a vampire novel , this will do . Otherwise , steer clear of this book .
 In 1885 , Count Dracula came to London to spread vampirism into the heart of Victorian England . But in this retelling of -LRB- literary -RRB- history , Van Helsing did not defeat Dracula ; rather , Dracula succeeded , marrying Queen Victoria and becoming Prince Consort . Now , in 1888 , vampires fill positions of power -- but also the streets of Whitechapel , where a murderer is killing and mutilating young vampire prostitutes . The attempt to catch him brings together a upper class adventurer named Charles Beauregard and an ancient vampire elder named Genevieve Diuedonne . A clever concept that intertwines alternate history with horror and includes many familiar faces -LRB- including , of course , Jack the Ripper , known here as the Silver Knife -RRB- , this is a promising political intrigue enrichened by vampires that , unfortunately , falls flat . Although the horror is indeed gruesome , the plot is detailed , and the vampires are skillfully conceived , the book 's premise is impossible to believe and the writing style is cheap at best -LRB- and desperately in need of an editor at worst -RRB- . This is a swift read and holds a lot of promise , but it is also , frankly , quite bad . I do n't recommend it.This premise as well as the character cameos create a promising and interesting starting place for the book . The Victorian setting , touching both on high society and the slums of Whitechapel , the characters which range from vampire elders to Jack the Ripper to minute appearances from even Oscar Wilde , and finally the vampires , conceived in thoughtful detail and as well as gruesome horror , certainly seems promising . And to his credit , Newman conceives and explores his plot well
 Too much filler . None of the characters was unique , and much of the book was full of boring conversations that went on and on about trite details . Dull book . Skipped large parts of it .
 The book was boring and to far fetched to be entertaining . The characters were not believable and left me with wanting to many unanswered questions . The author took to many liberties with facts . All in all , I just did n't care for the book , skipped thru pages to end it so I could go on to more enjoyable reading . Amazon offers so many options and choices that I 'm bound to pick a lemon once in awhile . I always read the brief description of the book before I buy but in this book that was n't enough .
 This book needs a grammar check . It is incomprehensible . I am trying to return it . It sucks , to coin a pun .
 This book series may be popular with violent action fans , but the lack of substance prevents me from reading further books in the series . The circus of weird characters are barely developed - they are all one dimensional and hollow . This reads more like a graphic novel -LRB- minus the pictures -RRB- than a novel.Most of the gay characters are outdated negative stereotypes - `` caked in makeup '' and `` effeminate '' -LRB- whatever that means ?!? -RRB- . Why not `` androgynous and attractive '' ? When Dracula finally appears at the end of the novel , he 's nude except for a skimpy , open cape , and the author gives us a detailed and salacious description of his genitalia . It made me wonder if the author is a repressed/latent homosexual , himself !?! Chelsea Quinn Yarbro has written an excellent series of vampire novels . She reads like Dostoevsky compared to this hack author ! Even Anne Rice 's `` Queen of the Damned '' is vastly better written . People , PLEASE be more discriminating and do n't waste your money on this trash . It 's so badly constructed that it 's just barely entertaining .
 Story is disjointed and so at times difficult to follow . Character development and story line predictable . Reference to other real and fictional characters over - done , but an interesting idea .
 As of now I am completing drivers Ed . We take tests over this book , and I feel it is rather outdated for what it is being used for . The pictures are helpful , but the text I found boring and most of the text seemed just to be fill . They streched out simple procedures , and filled the usefull information with unimportant details . If you want to pass the test , read your state drivers manual . If you think this will help you , try it , but I warn you , its not worth it . Your state drivers manual is worth you time , check it out !
 A rather disappointing read since the book fails to adequately deal with the politics of the period . House 's argument that oppositional painting is necessarily political is not only flawed but little evidence is offered in support of his argument , an argument which goes something like this
 After watching a few of the author 's videos , it was obvious he knows what he is talking about . Unfortunately , the book is filled with simple grammatical errors , repeated sentences and out of order pages ! Even if you overlook the printing issues , you wo n't find much content . The majority of the information is common sense . It hardly lives up to being a comprehensive guide . It 's like they published the first draft of a basic safety lecture . The chapters might pass as blog posts but I expect a higher standard when you print a book . I am considering returning it . Hopefully , the author will write a decent second edition in the future .
 I came away with literally nothing new from this book . If you have read many web forums or other books - this is aimed at complete newbies.I also did n't like the writing style or editing . If you know the very basics and do n't want to be ` spoken ' to like a 5yr old get Andy Stanford 's excellent Surgical Speed Shooting.I am just not the target audience for this material .
 I bought this book hoping for what the title said
 What does a book have to do with workmanship ? Plenty , when it is absent.For one thing , this book is replete with printing and/or proofing errors . A by no means complete list
 Lots of diagrams and drawings , pointing arrows , etc. . I felt as though I were back in class and was missing the required supplementary workbook.This book seems to address mainly work situations where the reader is the boss and having difficulty with a recalcitrant employee . There just was n't much for me here to apply to my own life .
 Unfortunately , I did not like this book . I found it difficult to read and boring , even though it was recommended by a friend . .
 Great social skills stuff except for all the warnings from the very beginning of the Kindle version : `` You may use the work for your own noncommercial and personal use ; any other use of the work is strictly prohibited . Your right to use this work may be terminated if you fail to comply with these terms . `` That 's right noncommercial and personal use only . Even though the book gives examples of commercial use of the work , its not for commercial use . Which is contradictory of the books examples , but really wise to state because most commercial use would be by employees of commercial corporations and confrontations are something that commercial corporations and their managers do not tolerate . So , use the work to improve your personal life , but do n't try it at work on in any commercial use because not only your use of the work may be terminated but your employment may be terminated as well.The publisher , McGraw-Hill , also includes the following special warning in all capital letters -LRB- which is really nonsense if you have even a grade school understanding of the meaning of capitalization in English -RRB- . THE WORK IS PROVIDED `` AS IS '' McGRAW-HILL AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY , ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF OR RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USING THIS WORK , ... There 's much more to this warning notice , but I 'm not typing it all because I think I 've made my point . Read it yourself and be warned!These warnings should be upfront on the book 's advertisement page on Amazon and on the book cover , so that the public would not be misled into the buying a book that includes so many warnings against its use .
 I thought that this might be interesting , but language was too old and I found it to be boring . I deleted it soon after .
 This book by Tom Bodett was long and it took awhile to get to the action . It dragged on and on while it was about page 160 when the short action part started . Although it did have a few good parts to it , this book was a novel that seemed to drag on and on.When Ivan and September get left alone at their small remote home on the shores of Alaska , 12 year old Ivan messes up the raidos . The raidos are the kid 's only source of communtian , and their only way to interact with the outside world.While then they have to make many trips back and fourth to the outer world , it takes much time to get to the interesting parts.Overall , this book had some good parts to it , but was n't the best book I have ever read .
 This `` book '' is only a pamphlet that is available online for FREE ! I recently bought this for the length of the book -LRB- claims 264 pages -RRB- but it is not . I have recently had to deal with a close family friend suddenly dealing with schizophrenia and it has had a traumatic effect on his family and his friends . This is a serious illness that not only affects the person diagnosed but everyone surrounding them . The last thing anyone would want at this time is a book that claims to be something it is not !!
 With all of the program changes , this book is very out of date . You can get a lot of the same information for free at http://www.certificationguide.com
 This book started out fairly interesting as being an insight to the impact of too much money on children and the relationship with their parents . Then , it goes into what one reviewer thought might be an opium trip -LRB- which I agree with -RRB- that went on and on and on , boring after the first couple pages . The end was so predictable , the entire book turned into a major disappointment .
 While I find the story itself to be compelling , this memoir is extremely flawed , and I felt it was actually a bit exploitive . Jeanine Cummins basically used a family tragedy to get herself published and sell books . From the beginning , it is apparent that she is feigning a relationship with the Kerry sisters that never actually existed . If you read the book carefully , you will see that the vacation in which the tragedy occurred was actually the only contact Jeanine had with the Kerry sisters in many years . Yet Jeanine tries to make it seem like they were close , and it 's obvious that they were n't by her trite , two dimensional portraits of them . According to her the Kerry girls were two saints , which is how they would appear from the perspective of a distant family member after they were murdered since people rarely speak ill of the dead . Yet this portrayal actually robs them of their humanity , and allows the reader to distance themselves from what occurred . In my opinion Cummins should have stuck to the description of how the events affected her brother -LRB- who was close to Julie Cummins -RRB- instead of trying to insert herself into the tragedy and make it about her . The fact that several Kerry family members would n't assist her in the writing and publication of the book , including an older Kerry sister , underscores the fact that she was not close to the girls and was using this family tragedy for her own ends .
 The story itself was interesting , but the book is not well written . The author pads out half her sentences with adjectives and adverbs that are meant to add feeling that she apparently does n't believe the facts will convey . She also seems unaware of the many cliches she uses . A potentially compelling story , written in an irritating , amateurish style .
 On page 2 , the author says `` I do n't pretend for a moment to be unbiased '' . That was an understatement . While her bias is understandable -LRB- her brother is an alleged `` victim '' -RRB- , Rip in Heaven should not be considered a `` memoir '' . Those familiar with the case will know that Tom Cummins -LRB- the author 's brother -RRB- was initially treated as a suspect in the April 1991 deaths of Julie and Robin Kerry -LRB- the author 's cousins -RRB- . I actually found it to be quite offensive that this book reads as little more than an emotionally charged and highly embellished defense of her brother Tom Cummins , who is still considered by many to be responsible for the deaths of the Kerry sisters . It 's a whitewash and nothing more.This is reality as Ms. Cummins would like it to be , indeed as she probably believes it to be . However , the other side of the case presents and equally compelling argument -LRB- and in my opinion , more compelling -RRB- . Do n't buy this book expecting it to be `` objective '' in any sense of the word , it 's completely biased and embellished to point that I think it should be categorized as fiction .
 As a St. Louis resident during this crime , I was especially interested in this book . I was very disheartened when I heard Ms. Cummins interviewed on the radio and a police detective called in and challenged her account , claiming that she misquoted him . It appears that Ms. Cummins chose to not interview anyone , just go by court documnets . Needless to say , I am left still wondering what the real truth is , since apparently this is really a work of fiction.I also felt like this was a way to clear her brother 's name , as there was very little in this book about the actual victims , who in my mind , are the girls who were raped and murdered . The fact that a family member is trying to ride this tragedy to fame and fortune is beyond obscene , and I ca n't imagine the pain this is causing the family of the actual victims.If this story needed resurecting , I would have liked to see what the truth really is , not a family member 's whitewashed version of things .
 Well , when David Morrell wrote the novel First Blood and killed Rambo at the end , he probably did n't expect to be writing Rambo III under these circumstances.Sylvester Stallone converts First Blood into a screenplay , lets Rambo live , and writes sequel films.As a result , this novel , based on the Rambo III screenplay in which Morrell is not credited , is pretty quick-and-dirty and fairly uninspired . In fact , in an attempt to add elements , Morrell throws in a handful of unrealistic characters that are n't in the film , when he could have really invested a little time fleshing out the -LRB- once surprisingly deep -RRB- protagonist he actually created.The whole situation is kind of akin to something like this : Following the success of Misery , Kathy Bates writes a screenplay for a film Misery 2
 This book , was far too long , and was not at all appealing . The length of the book , bored me to tears , and was too hard for people unfamiliar with his work -LRB- i am though somewhat familiar but still his theories made no sense to me and lacked relevance in my life -RRB- . The book went into painstaking great detail describing dreams and interpretations . His theories and interpretations were intriguing , and informative , but lacked any research to back up his theories .
 It is very hard to find the logic in believing Freud when he himself was quite mentally disturbed and sick . Freud rationalizes things to death , he gives no hope , and removes all magic from the world . It seems , finally , that Freud is falling into disrepute after some years of popularity . He was never correct , only popular . If you want really important work in the field , then read Karl Gustav Jung , because , as I mentioned in the title , Freud is not worth reading .
 No philosopher has had such a profound influence on all subsequent thought as Sigmund Freud . His theories , particularly those of this volume , have become such an integral part of daily discourse that most people fail to even realize how much they buy into the psychobabble . However , Freud must be viewed as a philosopher , not as the scientist he believed he was . His conclusions are either backed by superficial research or , more commonly , no research at all , and this book 's most famous theory , that of the Oediple Complex , is argued -LRB- poorly -RRB- through literary examples , not scientific ones . The fact is that Freud is simply following a long-standing METAPHYSICAL tradition of dream interpretation which goes all the way back to Ancient Greece and Biblical tribes . All he does is invent his own gods to send the messages . The underlying motives for the book are quite obvious , though often overlooked -- this paranoid cocaine addict wished to deal with his own psychoses by projecting them onto everyone else . We laugh at comedians when they tell of common acts of stupidity , mainly because we are relieved that we 're not the only ones who do such things . Similarly , Freud , who fell in love with his mother when he saw her naked at age 2 , concluded that everyone must want to sleep with their mother , because to do otherwise would be to admit that he was mad , which indeed he was . This is not to say that the book should not be read , only that it should be read because of its influence , and not because its ideas have any validity whatsoever .
 This is a new translation -LRB- 2006 -RRB- of Freud 's Interpretation of Dreams . I hope someone qualified might soon comment on the merits or significance of this new translation . Meanwhile , the Editorial Review information offered for this book comes from an earlier edition of a different translation of Freud 's work , FWIW . And the second paragraph in the editorial review prelim is entirely inappropriate -- it 's for another book altogether.I give Freud 's book -LRB- not the translation -RRB- a low rating because it is misleading . It 's not about the interpretation of dreams in general , but more specifically it 's , covertly of course , about Freud 's own dreams . More basically , it 's about `` infantile memories '' he claimed dreams concealed . -LRB- For more explanation of this point , one could consult `` If Freud 's Theory Be True ... '' in Psychological Reports -LRB- 1992 , 70 , 611-620 -RRB- , which would explain how Freud himself tells us his book is not about what it appears to be about .
 I 've studied philosophy to a good degree and therefore and to read some of Freud 's work in Philosophy of Psychology . While making some entertaining remarks , Freud has now long been discounted as anything valid and understandably so .
 As a licensed psychologist I LOL when I saw Dr.Freud in the Religion / Spirituality section . It seems the profession has made some progress .
 Please be aware before you purchase this Kindle edition that it DOES NOT HAVE A TABLE OF CONTENTS . If you are reading this book for pleasure , starting at the beginning and proceeding directly , this may not be a problem . If , however , like me , you are using it for a course and/or in conjunction with a hard copy edition , this makes it virtually impossible to locate anything in the book or to navigate from chapter to chapter . You have to use successive approximations of the location number every time you want/need to change locations . Consequently , this Kindle edition is useless to me .
 Freud may or may not have been a creative genius . Whatever else he was , however , he was enormously clever and remarkably well informed , with access to an astonishingly broad and diverse range of references . Moreover , he had an uncanny ability to pluck as needed from his well-stocked head a suitable allusion , concept , image , or idea to make whatever point he wanted to make . He was a prodigiously skillful ethnographer of the psyche , an activity that included the interpretation of dreams.Freud worked as one steeped in classical scholarship and also thoroughly knowledgeable in the science and practice of the medicine of his time . The latter body of knowledge included more scholarly material and sustained research concerning mental illness than many of us realize . Freud , moreover , was a capable practitioner who brought relief and even recovery to those suffering from a variety of neurotic symptoms , or so he reports , and I see no reason to doubt him , though he does seem unwaveringly committed to the notion that he 's always right , a characteristic that might diminish his effectiveness just a bit.Nevertheless , I found The Interpretation of Dreams to be very disappointing . This may be due to the fact that my previous knowledge of Freud was limited to textbook accounts , which are often unreliable and seldom capable of capturing the genuinely brilliant insights of world-class scientists and scholars . Perhaps I was unprepared to appreciate Freud in anything stronger than a textbook distillation.I think , however , that there is a more serious problem , one that is intrinsic to Freud 's work and pervasive in mainstream social and behavioral science even today . Freud was a functionalist . In this instance that means that once he concluded that all dreams were instances of wish-fulfillment , he unduly constrained his interpretations , and he made excruciatingly heavy demands on his interpretative powers . Otherwise , he would n't have been able to maintain the claim that all dreams functioned to serve this one end.By way of analogy , imagine that Freud was a contemporary ethnographer interested in the way schools work rather than what dreams mean . Imagine further that he proceeds from the assumption that all schools are organized in a merit-based way , producing young people who have been selected , sorted , educated , and allocated in accordance with their innate intelligence . There would be no surprise , then , when observing an elementary school classroom , his practiced eye and fine-tuned ear affirmed that assignment to ability groups was indeed made according to what Freud took to be intelligence . His meritocratic assumption seems correct.However , suppose another observer of the same classroom noted that there was also a very close connection between family income and ability group placement . This might be construed as suggesting that money brings advantages that may make affluent students seem smarter than they are , while the intelligence of students from families with little money is masked . Just like that , Freud 's assumption that elementary schools function in a merit-based way is faced with a plausible alternative.At this point , Freud can either acknowledge that his functionalist deductions may have been wrong , or he can creatively argue that income is a good proxy for intelligence , say after the fashion of Herrnstein and Murray in their much celebrated and much maligned book The Bell Curve . Eventually , moreover , Freud will be forced to do the same kind of intellectual contortions with regard to race , gender , number of parents in the home , ethnicity , region of the country , urban or rural residence , and a whole host of other factors that are confounded with merit in the form of innate ability . Why should these seemingly extraneous factors serve as disguised indicators of brain power ? Exactly the sort of conundrum that mainstream sociologists of education and educational psychologists find themselves facing today.Given Freud 's demonstrated ability to come up with a seemingly endless collection of self-serving interpretations , however strained , stretched , and willfully contrived they may have been , he 'd probably do quite well . The fact remains , however , that once he makes an all-embracing assumption -- that dreams function as wish-fulfillment , that schools function as meritocracies , that religion functions to assure social solidarity , ... -- he has boxed himself in . His interpretations have to serve the function he has assigned them . If his assumption was correct , it 's all to the good , narrowing the scope of material with which he must deal . If he was wrong , however , he 's in trouble.I found many of Freud 's dream interpretations tortured , twisted , convoluted , wildly implausible , and unregulated in any way as to what constitutes suitable evidence . If Freud had been less clever and his cultivated intelligence had been less well stocked with variegated substance from every domain of knowledge imaginable , I think he would have been forced to concede that he was wrong . But Freud made what I take to be an erroneous assumption and then outsmarted himself , giving incorrect interpretations to dreams because of his initial dubious assumption as to the function of wish-fulfillment . Freud is to be commended for introducing extremely interesting and useful concepts such as censoring , resistance , over-determination , condensation , displacement , and dream work , and for helping us understand how these notions mediate the connections between the manifest and latent content of dreams . His bottomless grab bag of obscure references , abetted by his too-often stream-of-consciousness writing style , enabled him to make a case that all dreams function as wish-fulfillment . The case was often very weak , however , and his technique was inconsistent , sometimes using the dreams of psycho-neurotics and other times discounting them as aberrant . Truth be told , Freud 's method of dream interpretation was constrained only by his unbridled functionalist cleverness.Yes , some dreams may function as wish-fulfillment , but it seems abundantly clear that many do not . Why Freud tied his brilliance to this dubious assumption escapes me . In any case , I give him credit for stubborn determination and boundless ingenuity .
 Amazon and Pink Panda should both be ashamed of this 99 cent `` edition '' , though in fairness , I suppose you get what you pay for , and I more or less assume the text is complete . But no pagination , the many footnotes are not linked , and the so-called Table of Contents reduced me to helpless giggling : Chapter 1 Chapter 2 Chapter 3 Chapter 4 Chapter 5 Chapter 5A Chapter 5B Chapter 5C Chapter 5D Chapter 6 Chapter 6A Chapter 6B Chapter 6C Chapter 6D Chapter 6E Chapter 6F Chapter 6G Chapter 6H Chapter 6I Chapter 7 Chapter 7A Chapter 7B Chapter 7C Chapter 7D Chapter 7E Chapter 7FNo , those are not links , it looks exactly like that , and is every bit as silly as it looks here . This public-domain hackwork should be free , not even 99 cents ; in 5 minutes a competent secretary could have added the chapter links , and probably in another half hour do the footnotes . I do n't think anybody spent even 15 minutes `` preparing '' this `` edition '' , and every sale is 100 % profit . Caveat emptor.Note that there is ANOTHER Kindle edition that appears to be the real thing , but for some reason did not appear in my original search , leading me to purchase this infuriating book . Do n't ; go here instead : The Interpretation of Dreams
 Though the content of the text met expectations -LRB- it 's a fairly canonical text -RRB- , the binding on this book was terrible . It does not include any print or publishing information , making it nearly impossible to cite . There is neither table of contents nor an index , inexcusable for a text of this length and genre . The section breaks were unpredictable and poorly marked . Some new paragraphs began mid-sentence -LRB- clearly errors ! -RRB- and often the section heading was indistinguishable from the paragraph in which it was imbedded . I highly suggest spending the money on a better quality version of the text .
 I have downloaded a sample of the penguin kindle edition , and while all the reviews refer to a new , and it would seem generally well regarded new translation by Joyce Crick , the actual listed translator of the ebook is J.A. Underwood.While this may be OK for the casual reader , this is not OK for someone approaching these texts in any kind of rigorous fashion.Whatever carelessness accounts for this error , it is enough to make me opt for a good old fashioned paperback instead.Fix it !
 It 's not at all what I expected . Still have not found what I was looking for in thefirst place
 Was poor quality and some of the original text was not included - was not as described - should be removed from Amazon
 Such a hard read for a non-psychology student - never to the point , ineptly organised , more ` jargon ' type language than really necessary . Not worth it if you 're not actually studying the subject or have advanced interest in psycho-analysis .
 This edition is really bad . It is really ugly and has a lot of typos . I do not trust the translation either ; it does not even specify who the translator is .
 I just got my 2007 edition copy of `` Interpretation of Dreams '' in the mail so I have n't had a chance to read it . So this rating is only on the particular edition that is published by NuVision . They did not include an index or any information about who translated this version . Also , the table of contents is nearly worthless ; no detail what-so-ever about the chapters , not even titles of the chapters , just Chapter 1 etc. and a page number . Even though you may think a newer publication is better , this one is much much worse and more expensive . Go with the 1980 publication . I 'm returning the book to Amazon -LRB- who gets 5 stars for customer service ! -RRB-
 My professor was not happy with this rendition of the book.He felt it was interpreted poorly and wanted me to buy another book .
 Ok , call me ignorant!The only reason I bought this book is because I 've heard of it before and I 'm trying to read some classics.Who knew it was a play ? Not me!A little hard to understand , but after I got past the introduction , I quite enjoyed the play itself . It was very funny.Not sure if you like this kind of thing , but it was just ok for me .
 I found Man of La Mancha to be quite confussing . The plot is so crazy that it is hard to get a grasp on what is happening until halfway through the book . One you do figure it out , it is rather humerous , but not one of my favorites by any means .
 Good basic book on modding . The pictures are of good enough quality to make the verbage much clearer . More details on opperating systems with the Xbox would have been helpfull . One still needs the internet and a good knowledge of where to go in order to find the rest of the puzzle .
 You may think you are cool because you took the case off of your X-Box and -LRB- wow -RRB- followed a 6 step process to install your loser chip.But really you 're just a cheater.Why are you playing?If you want to win games consider practice.It is a game.Once you start cheating now it 's just a joke.Modding for the purpose of unlocking the xbox 's media center functionality is one thing - that 's fair use in my opinion , but modding to boost your rank is immature and ascinine.Why do you care what your rank is if you have such low regard for the game itself ????
 I was enjoying the author 's story but about a quarter of the way through I became embarrassed for her as the author is presenting a racist view point on her story . She is the racist.This viewpoint is part of the problem that African-Americans can not escape from ; racism against others . Sister Souljah blames white people throughout her book without thinking that it was the early Egyptions that raided the African villages for slaves , not the early Europeans . With her point the finger mentality we , as a nation not just individual races , will not be able to overcome this debilitating disease called racism.The situations she gets into with people are not only caused by a lack of common sense but embarrassingly phony . If you are that clueless to these types people using you , you need a check up from the neck up . If you want a real story ; read Richard Dry 's book called Leaving for a true African-American story .
 I 'm a white female who is married to a black man . I 'm outraged that she does not agree with interracial marriages . She talks about living in AmeriKKA , but it is her as well who promotes racist views . How are we to live as a nation if people ca n't be friends/lovers just because of their colour . Obviously we have n't progressed as a nation if we ca n't accomplish that .
 And those are the nice things I have to say about this woman and her book . She 's a young woman with a LOT to learn . She sounds like a one of those white far-right `` Christian '' nuts.By the way , if she does n't believe in interracial relationships , why does she work with Sean `` Puffy '' Combs , who is dating Jennifer Lopez ? Souljah would probably rationalize that Sean was driven to make it with Jennifer by our racist society . -LRB- Sean looks to me like he 's having fun ! -RRB-
 I got about halfway through this idiotic -LRB- and extremely poorly written -RRB- tripe . Whine , whine , whine . Take some responsibility for yourself . Bigoted , empty , hateful nonsense from a vacuous , race-baiting hack suffering a dearth of originality , an abundance of misguided vitriol , and an excess of hand-wringing and pouting disguised as legitimate literature .
 More nonsense about the typical knee jerk , finger pointing , resentment that takes all focus off personal responsibility . Grow up .
 I ' what I liked about this book is that she 's brutally honest . She speaks what was on her mind then -LRB- and very likely in her mind now -RRB- . She does n't pull any punches when it comes to sharing her experiences with men , friendship , school , and especially when it comes to sharing her views , even those I do not agree with . She definitely has seen a lot of rough spots in her life . She comes from ` the ghetto ' . She 's seen the violence , the brutality , and the overall lack of love and empathy in her community . She 's a battle scarred warrior who has been in the trenches . And from it , she definitely has many pearls of wisdom to share . Of course she means it for ` her people ' , but I think it 's wisdom that almost anyone can get something out of if they have an open mind . I admire this woman 's drive , her philanthropy , and the amount of love she has for embracing her roots and for wanting to make her community better . She speaks to the reader as though she 's having an actual conversation with him/her , and reliving her experience . You can literally get inside her mind and watch the scenes play out and feel the emotion . And there 's a lot of it to go around in this book.What I do n't like is her hatred . I understand she was writing how she feels -LRB- and definitely felt at that time and moment , which is what I believe to be her intention -RRB- . I also know that my views are imperfect and that I 'm never going to fully be able to understand ` the other side ' . However , for someone whose been abroad -LRB- including European countries -RRB- and has been amongst many different races , classes and educations , the fact that she can group every single white person as evil is beyond me . What 's even further beyond me , is that she can consider herself a Christian and admire the likes of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr and Malcolm X and still have these views -LRB- clearly she has n't read the words of Jesus or even the words of Dr. King or Malcolm X upon his conversion to Islam -RRB- . She claims to have an unselfish heart yet the fact she can entertain these revenge fantasies , group entire people as though all could be spoken for , and be so venomous , even amongst her motives throughout the book , including trying to take someone else 's boyfriend , really speaks otherwise to me . She has these same views towards homosexuals and blacks who try to get along with others -LRB- especially whites -RRB- . One she does n't understand and views with the same contempt as would the fundamentalist Christian community , the other because it does n't agree with her militant , warped view of how people who share her skin color ` should be ' . Clearly she needs to read her Bible -LRB- or her Quran for that matter -RRB- , a bit more . Especially the sayings of Jesus . Bill Clinton really did hit home when he called her an inverse David Duke . Because despite all semantics of ` power vs privilege ' and history , deep down the mentality is still the same . It boils down to hatred.It 's really an unfortunate thing , because I definitely admire this author because of her drive , her strength , and the fact that she can write in a way that is brutally honest . Even if I disagree with much of it , I give her credit for speaking out . It 's so unfortunate because so many people could learn from her and her experiences . I , a gay , non-black male , certainly have . People like her could quite literally change the world if she learned to keep her hatred in check . She does n't have to make people comfortable or even like them . But she certainly should learn to look past people on the outside instead of becoming the very thing she hates . I still admire her achievements and triumphs though , and I hope in the future she comes out with an updated version now that she 's older , wiser , and has more experience .
 I must agree with the reader from Louisville . This is just another work about a black person blaming the `` white man '' for their misfortunes . This topic is so old and boring.I agree that there is a MASSIVE racial problem in this country , but do we need to be reminded of this EVERY DAY ?! I 've used to hear her radio talk shows in the early 1990 's and must agree that she is a racist .
 They agreed to publish and largely distribute one of her books . Most whites in this country will never have such a luxury . Hypocrite . Racist .
 I ordered this item on or around August 15th . It is September 13th and I have still not received this item . I emailed the shipper on numerous occasions about the item . The shipper even went as far as to lie and state that my shipping information was lost . I provided the shipper with my shipping information yet again and still did not receive the book not to mention the shipper stopped responding to my emails . Needless to say I had to file a claim with Amazon and I just went and bought the book from Borders ... just buy books or whatever else this shipper is selling elsewhere ... it may be more but at least you will get your item !
 I give this book 1 star ONLY bekause the message was missed by many of you who gave it 1 star . I feel SS did not get the job done by getting through to enough of you . As a MIXED -LRB- African American AND white -RRB- researcher for almost 36 years , SS hit the nail on the head . She is not whining or PLAYING victim . She IS a victim ; all African Americans are . Sure , there is self responsibility and it is up to us to get ourselves out of poverty , but in a society that had to pass affirmative action , a law that says white people HAVE to hire minorities because they outright refused up until around 2000 , clearly we are still being victimized . Shame on you African Americans talking down on one another instead of being an alli . Sure SS appears racist , but the most educated white person who has studied culture , sociology , and history will tell you to your face
 You talk about bigots ! We have adopted 3 black children , ` tho we already have 5 biological . We are so darn happy that we have saved our 3 from the horable , unetical , imoral life that is epicted in this book . If that is how Sister has lived her life , we see absolutely no reason why she would brag about it . Also , while white students are worrying about their student loans , and wondering how in the world they will ever be able to pay them back , little or nothing was said about the African-American students concerns about their pay-back . Oh , yes , I forgot `` We Owe You '' -LRB- ? -RRB- Great that Sister Souljah is trying to help her `` brothers '' and `` sisters '' , but maybe she should start with teaching them some morals , and maybe cleaning up her act while she is at it . Sister is a talanted writer . We hope that someday she will find something more uplifting to write about .
 First , I want to say that I really admire what Sister Souljah was trying to do with this book . I mean , how many people just bare it all to the whole world in the hopes that others will learn from their mistakes ? Not many ! However , I feel this book is still very much limited by the author 's own shortcomings . After an emotional and promising beginning , most of this book seems to be about how gorgeous she thinks she is and how let down she 's been by black males . She talks about the damage racism has caused blacks all over the world and then espouses intrinsic racial beliefs about people constantly . Basically , she believes in genetic identity
 a friend of mine had said this book was ab-soul-lutely stunning , and i 'm disappointed to say it was anything but . The vast majority of the text is spent pointing fingers at various groups who are seen by Souljah to be opressing the African-American woman , and yet she doese n't go into any real solutions to the problems . I , being a black lesbian , was extremely offended by her outright homophobic comments in the book , and had to try to get through them without throwing it away . I ended up throwing it away anyway at the end . Feel like revolution ? Listen to Me'Shell Ndegeocello . Do n't buy this book .
 I read `` No Disrespect after reading `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' , and finding that work of fiction riveting , and well - told . I found `` No Disrespect '' a non-fiction work that is told with the caveat - I will tell the truth , and the names are changed only to protect the innocent '' , to be poorly told , hard to believe , and self serving . Yes , I do believe it is possible to have morals and values as SS describes herself to have in this work , but the stories she writes , rather than honest , smack of someone that is holding back , or more to the point someone tailoring the story to conclude in an ending that is suitable to them . I do n't mean any disrepect , but I do n't buy it was the prevailing thought as I read her story .
 Firstly , I find it startling that Vintage would deign to publish something so poorly written . The semi-literacy of this prose -LRB- I 'm being generous -RRB- does , if nothing else , suggest that Miss Souljah did n't use a ghost writer . The words , in all their ghettofied glory , are hers . Booker T. Washington would have wept . While I can appreciate to some extent this woman 's pathological disgust of whites , I can not understand the roots of her homophobia or anti-Semitism . Her easy-way-out philosophy -LRB- Everybody 's to Blame Except Me -RRB- is the very thing that keeps her where she is .
 I know that her goal in writing this memoir -LRB- which was well-written -RRB- was to empower and educate blacks , however , I feel that she has sent a way way wrong message , doing more harm than good . It is extremely unfortunate , the circumstances blacks have endured for so long . I agree they have lost their culture , traditions , and spirtuality-I mean in a native , true to their ancenstry sense . However , she is clearly a very angry woman who would rather enable blacks to continue to feel victimized . Now , do n't get me wrong , blacks are still victimized , BUT , people can only take advantage of you if you let them . In order for blacks to rise up and organize , to educate and empower , they need to let go of the crutch they have been holding on to , which has afforded them to be passive about improving their conditions . They should never ever forget their histories and their struggles , but in order to break the cycle , they must support one another for their common good , and say `` It stops here and now . '' - Collectively . They must make the education of their youth their top priority . They must make informed decisions when voting and hold their elected officials accountable once in office . It will not just come to them . It does not just come to anyone , the exception being the very wealthy . And if you are very wealthy it does not matter what color you are . Every day people without a fiancial advantage all have to struggle to succeed , all are faced with challenges and great odds-no matter what their color-it 's not just blacks . She really preaches hate and distrust of whites which counters her proclaimed position on racism-it is total hypocrisy . It never ceases to amaze me how some can be so intelligent yet so ignorant at the same time . It is a shame that she had the opportunity to reach such a wide audience only to preach the wrong message . Big time FAIL .
 Here is a recent example of this author 's online reasoning , which he proposes others should be governed by in a free republic : `` Let us assume that two planets which have not yet been inhabited by humans are to be colonized by them ; on Planet Alpha , heterosexual couples only are assigned ; on Planet Beta , only homosexual couples . In one hundred years , will both islands be populated assuming that reproductive technologies are not available to either group ? I suggest that Planet Alpha will be ; but Planet Beta will not . Why ? The basic answer is to be found in the biological complementarity of the heterosexual couple necessary for procreation that is absent in same-sex couple . This is a scientific argument ... `` As I suspected , Natural Law theorists are about as serious as Trekkies
 it took a month to get the book in spite of numerous emails and no feedback about the urgency . I finished the summer school without the book.Don ' t buy anything from this seller .
 I bought this book , because I thought I will get some new insights on the big money lotteries , but I do not think there is anything of value there . I have the older book of Gail Howard ; used to play Fantasy 5 ; 2 of 5 and 3 of 5 are the highest prizes I have ever won . Do not get caught by the hype
 This is nothing new from Gail Howard , or at all . These wheeling systems can be worked out mathematically , without paying for this book . There are also lots of websites that offer number generators and wheeling system explanations for free . If you want it all spelled out for you then buy this book , but if you are willing to do a little mathematical work check out lottery information website like -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I found her concept very , VERY good , BUT , unless you 're really flush and can afford to spend a great deal of money for a LOT of number combinations per game , it certainly does n't increase your odds much . Now ... there ARE folks who can afford , and DO buy , many ticket combinations per game ... so for THEM this may be helpful ; however , for the average person who buys only a few number combinations each game , this is a waste of time . Sorry Gail :o-LRB- !!
 Waste Of Time & Money ... I found that if you want to win big , just put the money into a savings account & watch your money grow ! Pay YOURSELF not this author .
 this book have almost the same information as the lottery master guide if you are a first time player or pro player master guide is the best . every other books out there is just waste of your money .
 Winning is pure luck . There is no amount of strategy unless you are already rich . And believe it or not rich people play too . They can buy 100 tickets week . I can not . But in reality it only takes ONE set of numbers to win anyway.Gail conviently leaves out this one very fact . 71 % of winners are quick picks . The rest here and there over the years have been their own numbers . You can not predict the powerball.The book has good ideas but how many people have won by using some kind of random system ? I doubt any . It is all luck , pure and simple .
 I guess the best part of getting this was that it was totally free.No wonder why it 's free , though ...
 If you need a grammar reference , this may well serve until you find a better one . It might be of greater utility if the tone was n't vaguely condescending and pedantic , and it eschews the panoply of actual examples in favor of definitions . To wit
 If you REALLY want to write correct , you wo n't write `` correctly . '' Yes , it 's in common use but it is , by the rules of grammar , incorrect . It 's an overcorrection , an unnecessary addition . Here 's a simple rule of thumb
 This book should have been written more as a novel than a how to . This book goes into story like dimensions and there are others better written on the subject .
 If you know it all already , this is a good book for you to buy . If you are looking for grammar instruction , look elsewhere . This little book was written 75 years ago and it has things worth thinking about , but it is not a grammar book , or a book on speaking , or a book on writing . I just bought it and am delighted to rummage about in it . It 's a GEM . It 's worth the money by a mile and a half . I gave it two stars only to not be lost in the shuffle . Buyers often do n't look at 50 rave shill reviews but they 'll look to see who does n't like and why . So maybe I caught some readers . This is a good buy IF you KNOW IT ALL . It 's not instruction , it 's food for thought .
 Even for the free Kindle version , I found myself thinking , `` I want my money back ! `` This book is a laundry list of rules and regulations of writing , grammar and style that are incredibly outdated . And how can you trust a language coach who , in his effort to teach us to write clearly and using simple words , writes , `` This book has no pretension about it whatever , -- it is neither a Manual of Rhetoric , expatiating on the dogmas of style ... `` Expatiating , indeed . lolThere are countless books out there that will help you improve your writing and knowledge of the English language . This definitely is n't one of them !
 This is a book that serves no purpose i would not read again it does not do wat the title says it is
 Heck If I know if its helped me ??? I would suggest going and finding one of my pro- gun rants againsts Furher Ossama Bin Hussein Obama . . and his head Lemming Commisar Sen Feinstein and all the FFF 's , Crusaders and the Mass of Lemmings whom from what I have seen and heard in the media -LRB- Obamavision -RRB- piers Morgan as a nit wit sounds like a broken record . Never grew up with guns , never stood with his hand over his heart reciting the Pledge of Allegiance . . He went on a mission to `` Gods country '' TEXAS and shot 2 AR-15 's one happened to be full auto . Well after shooting 2 30 round mags you woulda thought the 2 nd coming had happenef . Boyyyyyyy they kick and are POWERFULL lol shoulda messed with the buffer tube and really give his shoulder a wiork out . He even played the MSNBC video of the pro gunners haggling the dad -LRB- Piers failed to tell everyone that MSNBC edited the video to make gun owners look bad . Nooooooo its -LRB- OBAMAVISION !! -RRB- And Furher Obama cant wrap it around his Narcissstic mind that ANYONE would disagree with him and were all wrong and a bunch of bloody idiots !! The panel deliberatly misquoted and misled the audience in the statistics given . He sounds like a damn Parakeet but instead of sqwaking whatever u want Piers keeps sqwaking -LRB- AR - AR-AR-AR -RRB- ohhhhh does piers wianna cracker ??????? . Anyways it doesnt stop there . I dont know why one of his guests hasnt popped him in his mouth . Piers Morgan is a far cry from Anderson Cooper on 360 . Least anderson is quiet and respects all views and lets each person have their min or 2 min of UNINTERUPTED screen time . Not with ole Piers Morgan , if you are pro gun or disagree with HIS views he heckles you butts in wont let u finish is very rude , condesending . Cuts your answers off to fit what he wants to hear . Im serious next time he is on about guns try and disagree with him and he does the polly act AR , AR , AR Why , Why , Why . Then he dont let you answer . I wished he would have me on their i would educate him and everyone that is ignorant to what they are speeling and regurgitating because of MSNBC , CNN , Piers Morgan and every other warp sided news media that is controlled by Obama and his underlings . Dont believe me ??? Got look up last week and his comment bout Fox and Rush . Soon to be Cam Edwards as welll too . Anyways let me know if you think the book helped ??? Lol '' its free '' lol
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000SN6IO6/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imgI gave up on this book at the 9 % mark . It is severely obsolete , and in some areas it is incorrect and was incorrect even when it was written . I strongly recommend that it be abandoned by anyone who desires to write and speak correctly . There are many good , current books on grammar and mechanics . This book speaks of rhetoric as if it were some kind of monster ; the truth is that the meaning of rhetoric has changed over the last 2500 years , and at present a good working definition is `` the art of speaking and writing clearly and persuasively . `` What needs to be addressed by the person who wants to speak and write correctly is , and I agree with the author on this , grammar , using a mixture of descriptive and prescriptive grammar . Descriptive grammar describes the language as it is used ; prescriptive grammar describes language as it should be used . Both are subject to change ; in fact , the only way to stop a language from changing is to kill it.Do you want to improve your speech and writing ? Then consider these things : Who is my intended audience ? What do I know about that audience?What is my intention in this speech or this piece of writing ? Do I want to inform , sell , entertain , inspire , or what?Exactly what information do I intend to convey ? How can I best convey this information to this audience?What vocabulary should I use ? Is this audience comfortable with the jargon of the topic ? Is it necessary for me to explain at every step?What format should I use ? Is it appropriate to begin with , and/or insert , humor , or do I need to keep this extremely simple?Are there visual aids that I can use ? People remember more of what they 're shown that they do of what they 're told.This book is not going to teach you these things , and I know that without reading it because it has bogged down so badly in grammar . You can find a better book than this .
 I have not received the item that I bought . I amjust waiting for some extra days in order to send a claim or a complain.Rgrds , Xavier Arderiu
 Great book if you want to read the self-indulgent ramblings of delusional , holier-than-thou person with an 80 at best IQ . NOT recommended .
 I love this novel and ordered it for my mom . The price was high enough -LSB- exorbitant -RSB- for a paperbound book that I thought that the novel would be complete . The product description says NOTHING about it being one volume of a complex work . It is one volume , not the complete work , I was embarrassed to discover from my mom . Where is the rest of the work ? NOT AVAILABLE ? Available for an additional -LSB- exorbitant -RSB- sum ? If it had been an order for myself , I would return , but my mom is 3,000 miles away and I do not want to add insult to injury by asking her to pack and return ship , so injustice has been rewarded .
 Ok . . I Love the story . . it is a beautiful romance . . I read it on-line and I wanted my own copy for that cold rainy night get-away . when It arrived I could n't wait to open it . just to touch the words . . and then Put it in my bookshelf for a perfect night ... . WHAT A SHOCK when I opened it to see the POOR PRINTING JOB ... on some of the pages even the lines are askew . black blotches around the words in some cases . and choppy letters not even fully formed on others ... WHAT A VAST DISSAPOINTMENT . SHAME ON AMAZON !
 Auel deserves credit for all the research she has done , and for the concept of this story , set before recorded history . The reason I picked up the book was because I thought it would be fascinating to read about people from that time period . Unfortunately , Auel is a much better researcher than she is a fiction writer . She spends just about every single page in this long book TELLING the reader what people did and thought , rather than showing . This becomes T.E.D.I.O.U.S. I picked up the book to read it , but I never did . Instead , I skimmed it because the writing was so flat.In reading comments by others who have read this book , I conclude that there are two distinct types of people who read fiction . One type does not mind being told , as in the old storytelling tradition , where listeners sat around and were told what characters did . There were no scenes , just narration . The other type wants from fiction the kind of showing , the kind of richly developed characters , the kind of tension and drama created by novelists such as Charles Dickens or Mark Twain . Sometimes it seems to me that never the twain -LRB- pun intended ! -RRB- shall meet .
 I was very unhappy with the number of typographical errors not only in this book but in all of the books in the series . The story continues to be a favorite of mine , but the errors decreased my ability to totally enjoy the digital copy . In some places I am not sure I would have known what the word was if I were not familiar with the books already . It has made me a bit cautious about buying other digital books . I was looking forward to building my digital library and clearing out some space by getting rid of hardcopies . Now I am not sure I will .
 This book was so completely tedious for me . It felt like half the time I was reading a not-very-interesting Wikipedia description of the first humans and their way of life , and the rest of the time I was left with poor writing and even worse dialogue . I ca n't believe this book was so popular ... . Was there nothing to read in the '80s ? I had expected something amazing , as I had heard so much about this book , but was sorely disappointed . Not recommended .
 Intellectually and artistically roughly on a par with the Flintstones . Despite the numerous five star reviews it has received here this risible prehistoric bonkbuster is utter dross , a hopelessly ` eighties modernist ' take on the past diplaying minimal knowledge of human nature and the way new ideas and societies really evolve.Of course good fairy tales can be entertaining for children and adults alike and are an esential part of our cultural heritage . Not this one though
 I found Sandra Burr choppy and irritating to listen to . Her voice was not what I expected . There is another version of this book narrated by another woman whose voice is smooth , and can put you to bed . Yet she tells the tale with enough excitement and with different tones for each character that you are compelled to listen ALL DAY!The plot is wonderful , though if you want to listen instead of read , I do n't reccomend the Sandra Burr narration . I reccomend the one read by Rowena Cooper . AMAZING !
 The basic premise for this book seems like a great idea for historical -LRB- or pre-historical ? -RRB- fiction . However , it failed to deliver . The entire storyline was so predictable and hackneyed I had to force myself to finish the book . The characters are all one-dimensional and stiff and Auel never really succeeds in bringing them to life . And come on , who really did n't see the ending or the rape scene coming ? Auel was obviously trying to create a novel centered around a strong central female character , but she just succeeded in making Ayla looking like an untouchable annoying kid with all the answers . Also , the Neanderthal `` mind meld '' is one of the most ridiculous things I 've ever read . The only reason I give it two stars is because I like the fact that it has a prehistoric setting .
 I read this book 3-4 years ago . It 's still makes me highly agitated every time I think about it . You just feel bad for the main character through most of the book and there is no redemption at the end . It has the worst ending ever ! It still pisses me off that I spent the time reading it . There is n't really much of a story , just a lot of details and weird issues . There are too many tangents and the protagonist is the only character with ANY sort of common sense . ASIDE
 I was recommended this book by a family member . I 'm going to be honest , this book is really bad . The main character is a Mary Sue type character -LRB- she can do everything perfectly , tame horses , etc -RRB- and it 's like a Harliquin romance novel - because there 's so much sex in it . This book was a complete waste of time .
 i find it incredible that so many people speak so glowingly of this book . on the basis of its literary merit it deserves a prominent spot in supermarket checkout lanes . that this is in any way respected as a novel or thought of as remotely historical -LRB- pre-historical , is suppose -RRB- speaks sad volumes about our society.i guess my one star may be a bit harsh . it 's concievable that one could glean some amusement or light entertainment from this . but i feel a civic duty to in bring down the five star average it 's garnered so far .
 I could n't believe my eyes when I saw this large `` book '' on the kitchen table the other day . Wow ! First off , Bessie rarely reads anything except diet books . Secondly , a book about Beer !!! Well , as is often the case with my angry fifth spouse , I was once again overloaded with misplaced optimism . This is not a book about some Cave Beer Clan . Instead , `` The Clan of the Cave BeAr '' is an overwrought , overwritten , overblown feminist ode to some silly notion about evolution filled with research and adjectives.I 'll be honest , once I realized it was n't about beer , I did n't so much read as skim . Really skim . I enjoyed the fact that the heroine was blonde with blue eyes , but I did n't like how much the author seemed to be in love with her . I also grew rapidly annoyed by this author 's overuse of adjectives . It did make skimming a lot easier , but I was still annoyed . Additionally , while I can relate to the brutish sex-starved male as Cro-magnon stereotype , I did n't particularly find it made for good reading . I 'm still not sure why my brooding spouse is reading it unless it 's to reinforce her already firm opinion of me as an apeman . Or maybe there 's a diet somewhere buried within the books 9,142 pages . Not for me . HHD .
 An earthquake opens a crack in the earth , the parents fall in , and it slams shut !?!?!? That 's the best Auel could do ? Has that EVER happened in history to ANYONE?I read that and threw the book in the trash . And it was n't even my copy !
 Let me begin by saying that I 'm not even finished reading this thing , but have so far forced myself through 65 % of it and am on the verge of sticking a hot poker into my eyes . This is a painful book to read . There are so many adjectives that I think the writer has used every single one available in the English language ... multiple times . I find my inner dialog constantly repeating the phrase `` okay , all right , I get it , move on . '' Just for fun , I picked a random paragraph and in those four sentences , counted over 20 adjectives ! -- I 'm the sort of reader who likes to finish books , no matter how bad , but this one has tested my limits and I am , for the first time since childhood , seriously considering not finishing ... and in this case , deleting it from my Kindle library . -LRB- I am now kicking myself for reminding myself that I paid full price for this POS . -RRB- There is nothing that can be said in the last 35 % that will change my opinion . I do n't generally write reviews , but I do read them and the high number of glowing reviews , along with recommendations from two co-workers , prompted my purchase . The truth needs to be heard . Clan of the Cave Bear is a terrible read ! This book comes nowhere near to earning such high praise and for that reason alone , I submit my rating of 1 ... only because I ca n't give it a zero . -- Now , where 's that hot poker ?
 The plot of Clan or the Cave Bear is ok , but I found myself skipping alot as the narrator goes on and on and on . For example , every time the protagonist goes herb gathering with her mentor , 2-3 pages are dedicated to describing the herbs and techniques . A short description would 've added some depth to the story , but I really was n't reading the book to get a lecture on neanderthal medicine.The characters are the saving grace of this story , adding entertainment and almost overcoming the sorry narrative . Almost , overall this book is very boring.One gets the feeling that Auel is trying to make a statement about feminism or male-female relationships , but whatever point the author is trying to make is not clear.I think my money would 've been better spent on something else .
 I 'm a reader . I am not a writer , but if I had the writing skills of Jean Auel , my review of Clan of the Cave Bear might look like this : `` I eagerly awaited the rare opportunity to read the famous book by Jean Auel . As I anxiously read the exciting words on the white pages , I was constantly distracted by the desparate use of poorly-chosen adjectives . After reading two large paragraphs , I could easily tell that the large book was poorly written by a hopelessly unskilled amature . `` Jean Auel had some great ideas for a story , but does not have the skills to tell it . The story might be interesting and well researched , but it is difficult to get past her awful prose which does nothing to paint a picture of a prehistoric time , and her amature use of adjectives is forever distracting from the story she 's trying to tell.Please read the sample pages before buying this book . This is not a book for anyone who enjoys good writing .
 I bought this book on a recommendation from a friend . I was looking for a new series after finishing the Outlander series.The story was engaging , and I enjoyed the historical perspective of living during this era . That being said , the authors repeated use of lists was so annoying that I wanted to throw the book down on multiple occasions . At one point after reading the 35 different varieties of trees found in a particular forest , I was able to predict correctly that the next several paragraphs would be dedicated to the 50 species found in said forest . The intent must have been to paint a picture of the landscape , but it failed miserably . It felt to me as if the author were a student trying to use filler to get the assignment to the correct number of words required . I struggled through the book , and am now reading The Valley of Horses , which is much better , but still has some of the incessant ramblings . I would not recommend The Clan of the Cavebear to anyone . If you are interested in the series , start with The Valley of the Horses and save some of your sanity .
 I would n't have stuck with this improbably -LRB- even for fantasy -RRB- tale much beyond the parts where Ayla
 The premise of this story is interesting and the story is good ; it 's too bad it 's so poorly executed . The prose is blocky and reads like a pre-history textbook with characters and plot slapped on as an afterthought . In general there is just too much time spent on detail , like the author needed to make several length-reducing rewrites . For example she spends quite a bit of time describing how the women in the Clan are treated as property , which is so cliched it does n't need more than a passing mention . She spends a lot of time talking about side characters who are too under-developed as characters to tell apart . The detail about the pre-historical fauna and lifestyle are told in long paragraphs that bring the story to a screeching halt , rather than being woven into the narrative in a way that 's still entertaining . However with a lot of skimming the book did keep me reading until the end .
 I felt like I was reading an anthropology book , which may be appealing to some readers , but was n't what I was looking for .
 This book was interesting with great promise . The premise was fascinating but the writer fought with herself throughout . She spent a great deal of time on the flora and the fauna . There was always a paragraph on a bush when a sentence would do , a sentence on a tree when a word would suffice . The characters were well developed . Over all it was a good read .
 Do you feel different from people around you ? Do they resent your ingenuity ? Have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? Do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? Congratulations ! You are either in the aryan nations or the Clan of the Cave Bear fan club , possibly both ! -LRB- I exaggerate - you could be a nineteenth century English settler in Australia , or a Boer in South Africa , or maybe you just like Larry Niven , but that 's beside the point -RRB- I can forgive Auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . In the late 1970 's when she did her research , we did n't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of Neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at Wikipedia . Ultimately we 'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and Auel 's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion.Similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . I have n't read her more recent works , but I imagine she has probably improved . Even with the pendulous sentences Clan is not unreadable.What infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . The story reads like a near-literal historicization of Helena Blavatsky 's Secret Doctrine on the fall of the `` aryans '' - who interbred with `` subhumans '' introducing the world to , oh I dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book 's neanderthal culture . Of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed Ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug.Against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . I would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give Auel 's books a wide berth.Also ? Enough rape scenes already !
 I find it incredible to believe that among all these readers who found this book `` impossible to put down , '' not one recognised the racist silliness in the whole Cro-Magnon/Neandertal debate . The futre of mankind rested on Ayla , tall , blonde , blue-eyed and Jolandar , similarly endowed . The virtues of these physical characteristics and ability to adapt to natural surrounding are linked in such a racist fashion , as if being merely being born Cro-Magnon -LRB- Western European Nazi ideal -RRB- allowed Ayla to bypass natural , cultural and intellectual evolution within her measly 17 years of life . Creb 's -LRB- and the Neandertals ' -RRB- inability to make these evolutionary jump is linked to their being Neandertal , of low brows and guttural speech . This book promotes a little bit of racial tolerance , disguising that fact that `` Flateheads '' are also human and okay is the same as a racist Southerner saying `` negroes '' are human and okay , just less able to think and adapt to be a part of the changing contemporary society . I am an archaeologist and I could go on and on about the stupid scientific inconsistencies presented by Auel in these subversely racist , overtly pro-european works , pandering to Victorian ideas of progress and disdain of ` barbarism . ''
 My Mom and sister both recommended this book , but I could n't make it through more than half . Really not very interesting . For whatever reason , women seem to find this book interesting . I have other male friends that have had the same experience . For me , nothing that grabbed my attention happened and the writing was n't enough to make up for it .
 I am not usually so critical , and I must admit I read several of the books years ago , but I finally put them down without reading the rest because there was just too many descriptions of sex in them . The detailed and varied descriptions were simply unneccesary for a book that is touted as a `` must read '' for women as young as 10 !
 If there were bodices to rip in the stone age they would be ripping furiously in this book and in its successors.Most ridiculous thing about this series is how Ayla makes every earth-shattering discovery of this time , e.g. , discovering the wheel , horseback riding , flint knives , etc. , etc. .
 One of the worst novels I have ever read . Well researched - maybe , poorly written - definately . The plot simply goes nowhere , and the characters are so unrealistic and banal that it is impossible to feel sympathetic toward them . Why the author felt she had to abandon any attempt at subtlety , and write as if the readers were as ignorant as her characters seem to be is beyond me .
 Do n't bother wasting your money . This book is slow and goes nowhere fast . I could not even finish the book .
 I 'm so sorry to be such a spoilsport , but I found this is a terrible book and a worse series . Leaving aside all the wild inaccuracies - one of the main ones being Auel 's portrayal of Neandertals as doltish brutes - the heroine is constantly making one earthshaking discovery after another - shampoo , domestication of animals , law of genetics , sex = pregnancy , and , last but not least , tampax . No one else can figure anything out , but there she is , churning out one Nobel-Laureate discovery after another . I 'm sure in one of the later books she will be found making a short-wave radio out of a large rock . It became really maddening .
 The kindle editions of these books are chock full of typographical errors that sometimes make it difficult to figure out what should have been written . The typos made me feel like I 'd been gyped on the price of the books .
 Extremely well-written , good plot , characters and Mrs. Auel has done some research . Now here 's the bad part . It is anthropologically inaccurate . Mrs. Auel does a beautifully stereotyped depiction of the Neanderthals as stooped , muzzle-jawed , intellectually inferior creatures as compared to wonderful Cro-Magnon people with their tall erect graceful carriage , blue eyes and blond hair . I mentioned this book to my anthropology professor and he said , very succintly , `` Burn it ! & quot
 it amazes me that after so many years and so much exposure that this book is still in print . the only story i have ever read that is worse than these is Moby Dick . the only thing worse than those 2 books are the movie adaptations . i 'd rather pull out my own fingernails with red hot pliers than to read the cave bear again . a insanely long and over written pile of trite tripe . ' a festering bag of fish entrails ' is too kind a review for this load of sewage . if anyone tries to make you read this book , slit your wrists and fling yourselve from a cliff first - it will be less painfull .
 I had heard so much about the Clan of the Cave Bear , and Valley of Horses , they had been on my ` read someday ' list . Recently I picked these two up cheap at a library sale and , despite the daunting length , was all set to escape into a well-researched , engaging tale of the early days of humankind . I did not get very far . The first book began with an utterly absurd premise , that the 5-year old girl loses her mother because the little brush shelter of theirs , in which the mother is residing , is swallowed up when a great earthquake shakes the surroundings and finally opens up the ground beneath it into a huge crevice , which then closes up behind it.That 's right . There are so many believable ways for a stone-age child to lose her mother
 lets see , young blue eyed , pretty and in every way superior CroMagnon Ayla manages to transcend her brutish , Neanderthal counterparts and invent fire , discover the cause of pregnancy , invent the wheel , and all with some magical process of thought that the author just bestows upon her.Silly , fatuous and and a literay hash .
 This is a feminist parable with the Neaderthals -LRB- almost all the Neanderthal characters are men -RRB- representing the male oppressors of the intellectually and emotionally more evolved female represented by the Cro-Magnon , Ayla . I giggled every time one of the Neaderthal characters `` made the sign '' indicating the command for sexual favors , picturing the short rhythmic fist pumping motion sometimes used by modern males to allude to intercourse . Two stars - one for the sometimes interesting anthropological details - one for the laughs .
 I really wanted to like this book . After a good friend suggested it I decided to give it a go . Big mistake . This book put me to sleep , literally . The description of the land and plant life goes on forever . Takes way to long to get to the plot and it 's just not worth the time .
 No , really . This book falls under the category of being too well-researched . It reads like an odd combination of margin-scrawled Mary Sue and a Geology textbook . Right in the middle of potentially deep plot twists we are assaulted with a treatise on plants -LRB- some of which are not native to Europe , though for all her research the author has n't got that figured out yet -RRB- minerals -LRB- pyrite ahoy ! -RRB- and all sorts of boring details that could have easily been transformed into the main character 's observations of her world in a much more subtle and readable way . As they are , it 's merely distracting , and pulls attention away from character believability.I can see why this book is so popular , and why the series simply will not die . However , it seems that all the issues that happen in the book -LRB- A struggle for a woman who wants to achieve social equality , birth/death/euthanasia of deformed children , the concept of insecure men trying to justify their manhood by raping women , being rejected as an outsider from society , etc -RRB- are , to be fair , issues that do , in some ways , transcend all times and places . However , Auel seems to be trying to make a comment on our own society through this struggle in her books by making the Neanderthal men the scapegoats for everything that is wrong in the world.On top of all that , her main character , Ayla , is purposefully set apart to completely walk on water . She sings -LRB- wow ! -RRB- cries -LRB- egads ! -RRB- discovers reproduction , weaves baskets , makes knives , hunts , gathers , invents gloves , wrangles wild wildebeests with her BARE HANDS , memorizes herbs , cooks , hunts , is given equality with the men for a short time , learns everything super fast ... oh yes did I mention she hunts ? And she does n't ever , ever have any sort of opposition besides the uninspiring force of society against her , which does n't work at all for a struggle because she 's not from their society in the first place . There is no sense of bringing the people who raised her with her progression either , because the whole society is written to be so stupid and only serve the purpose of making her look better.And while we 're on the subject of looking better , can we please , please , for once in the history of published Mary-Sues * not * have a character who is tall , athletic , blue-eyed and with `` Wavy , thick blonde hair ? '' I do n't care how perfect you are , you ca n't keep long hair -LRB- which of course Auel describes as `` fine '' earlier on in the book ... go figure -RRB- free of tangles and healthy and shiney when you 're more worried about hunting -LRB- oh yes did I mention she can hunt ? -RRB- and providing for your family.Except they 're not her family , and even though we keep getting told that there are others like Ayla , we never see it , and Auel makes many frustrating presumptions upon an ancient society that it is not her place to make . Yes , you can research axes and spears and whatever still remains , but you have no right to assume that these people were really that dumb , especially when the only reason that they are dumb is to , what else , make your own character look that much smarter.Bottom line
 OK , where to start ? The first time I read this I thought , `` This is great ! '' But I was a shallow reader then , easily entertained , and so I missed many of the -LRB- wrong -RRB- facts presented here . Only recently I have begun doing my own research on the Ice Age/Neanderthals/Cro-Magnon , and find that Jean M. Auel has very much butchered what could have been a great story.First , the characteristics -LRB- hair , skin , eyes , etc -RRB- of people are determined by where they live , not only by genetics or evolution . The region where the Neanderthals lived had a cold climate , and so they probably had lighter skin , and fair hair -LRB- what Ayla has , except she 's Cro-Magnon . Ever notice how the Neadnerthals are all basically tan , dark brunettes ? -RRB- Besides that , look at animals for another example . A certain species of animal can have many different colors , and so can hominids . Who on earth is to say that the Neanderthals were all dark haired and eyed , whereas the Cro-Magnon were all -LRB- * CoughNazicough * -RRB- blond haired , blue eyed , and basically the Aryan stereotype?Also , as one reviewer so beautifully put it , Auel sets Ayla up to just walk on water . Indeed , many of the things Ayla `` discovers '' were , in all probabilites , known to the Neanderthal . In the time period where both the Neanderthals and Cro-Magnon lived , I do n't think that the difference in intelligence was so completely staggering as Auel writes
 I read this book soon after it was released when Women 's Lib was at its peak . I am listening to it now as I take my daily walks only because I bought the cassette tapes for practically nothing . I agree with all the criticism of Auel 's writing . I have listened to many florid books after buying them on closeout and I know bad writing when I read or hear it . I have one main criticism of this book - and I do n't think any other reviewer has mentioned it . The Cave Bear Clan is supposedly nearly subhuman and the members speak only in sign language . How then do they mentally form and then articulate conplex feelings and reasoning ? At every turn some clan member is explaining with complicated twist and turns of reasoning why something is happening . And all of this is done with hand gestures ! Amazing ! People with this ability to think critically would soon understand the relationship between sex and pregnancy . They would see how counterproductive `` clan ways '' are . Ayla lives with the clan for six or seven years and yet no one dies of disease or accident . Ayla 's amazing skills are credited with saving those lives that are threatened . Ayla seems to be the only person with any interest in cleanliness and with all of the duties assigned her in the book , she would n't have had time to keep her hair clean . I really think today that this is a ridiculous book but I understand the social context in which it was written . Truly good writing survives changes in social norms , but this book is truly dated today . I will finish listening , but I will continue to shake my head and make critical comments to the author out loud as I walk . Let 's pat Auel on the back for her feminism and interest in anthropology . Then let 's assign her to the vaults of history .
 This book is the worst ! It is more like a journal than advice on how to deal with a child with SID . No reference is made as to what works and what does n't . Mrs. Wilson uses this as a forum to slam her son 's teachers and class mates . She even refers to a 2nd grader as the `` son of Satan '' - Nice and very Christian of you ... It appears that Mrs. Wilson thinks she 's doing something benefical for others but do n't waste your money here . If you are looking for a book to help you cope with your child 's SID this is not it .
 I had to read this book for a Business course . Larsson meanders through the chapters , dropping and picking up points like a stream-of-concience dictation . While his Pro-globalization points are good , he disregards the arguments against globalization as if they are irrelevant . The point of the book could be made in about half the pages , especially if Larsson would leave politial bashing out.If you want to explore the issues of globalization to make your own decision on whether you agree with it or not , choose something else , or supplement this book heavily . It 's a little boring , but may be useful once you have the background on globalization.If you have a background in business , do n't waste your time with this book . The arguments are based almost soley on Macro and Microeconomics 101 priciples.If you are looking for fuel to support your Free-Trade fire , this book will provide you with many supportive case studies . You have my blessing to read this book .
 Check out the cato institutes site , much more interesting and cheaper.Then rememember who funds cato . Maybe if they 'd just come out of the closet that their ideology and analysis is slanted by contributors it would n't be side . Check their contribution page , too . No cheapo 's are allowed.The old truism rears it 's ugly head
 Bought this for my wife on a recommendation from a friend , she read a few pages and quit because it was too sad . I told her it had a good ending but she wo n't try again , be prepared for tears when you read this one .
 I chose this rating because I was supposed to be sent both books -LRB- combined into one -RRB- and the lost boy , but I was only sent a child called it . The book looked nothing like the picture and it was very cleared written that I was supposed to get both . I got jipped .
 Ordered this for Christmas about 3 weeks before it never came before or after , never had any response , very disappointed .
 Do n't waste your hard earned money on this . Instead buy the REAL thing , `` Let There Be Light '' , by Darius Dinshah . Nothing else to say . Rip Off of Darius Dinshah 's father 's works !!!!!!!
 What do you call the medical school student who graduates at the bottom of the class ? Doctor .
 I am very disappointed in this book . When I looked at it on Amazon there were pictures . Why was it not mentioned that there were no pictures in this particular book?Shame on you for misrepresenting this book . Now I have to return it and get one with Edward Lear 's imaginative art work as well .
 I &#34; bought &#34; this book for Kindle . All I got when I tried to read the book was a list of numbers that did n't correspond to anything . I 'm glad the book was free so I can delete this without being out anything .
 Just as the title says , book of nonsense . A book of poorly written rhymes , lacking even a hint of smutty humour .
 If you are looking for a nonsense limerick , this is the book for you - otherwise , keep looking . I kept looking .
 This has to be the dumbest book I 've read . It has riddles and rhymes that totally do n't make sense . I know I would rather read real poetry and literature , not this . I do n't even think that small kids would like this confusing book .
 This thing has about 3 poems in it . Terrible ! Do NOT waste your time !!!!!!! Extra words extra words extra words
 This was a gigando rip-off ! It does not even contain the &#34; The Owl and the Pussycat , &#34; which from the ad I expected to be included . The table of contents is a joke - listing the page numbers of each of the numbered limericks , which could have been written by almost any college freshman after 3 beers at the local bar . There was no attempt at editing , and often a limeick with one line at the bottom of one page would be continued at the top of the next.This is a book which Amazon should be ashamed to list and should be obliged to refund all of the money paid by each person taken in by the listing .
 The Kindle version has no illustrations , and the formatting makes it hard to read and enjoy the verses . The limericks appear without logical line shifts , and where the illustration is supposed to be , it just says -LSB- illustration -RSB- which is a lot more annoying than not having anything there at all.It 's free , but it 's hard to read and that kind of takes the fun out of it , at least for me .
 I love love loved Edward Lear but unfortunately this free copy does n't have the marvelous drawings . It would be better to get another edition of this wonderful book , one that is illustrated .
 The two stars refer of course not to the book but to its format . I recently acquired my first Kindle and thought I 'd download some freebies to try it out . This one was quite disappointing , since the limericks it contains appear as continuous text , so are quite inconvenient to read . It 's a wonderfully entertaining book to get in print form though !
 Once again , the free kindle version is a disappointment . Both the formatting and the illustrations have been lost . In my opinion , the charm of a book like this is often in the accompanying illustrations . It would be better to buy a complete version than download this one .
 There are headings for pictures , but no pictures . So half the content is missing from this edition . And , the remaining limericks are just silly .
 I rarely write reviews , but after I received this Halloween book , if you would even like to put it in that catagory , I felt I needed to save anyone from buying it!An avid celebrater of Halloween , I thought that I had to have this boook for my collection -- the title itself was SO catchy . After looking at it , the book was returned.Words can not even describe the dissappointment I felt after glancing through it . Boring , old , uninviting , crafty suggestions . If you are looking for a good Halloween book for the not too crafty or the not too gory , games , treats , decorations , try 101 Halloween Ideas .
 This is one of those books that I like the * idea * of , but not so much the execution . It 's gotten to the point where if a book has the word `` spooky '' -LRB- or a variation -RRB- on the cover , I 'm just going to assume it 's not . The idea - offering ideas for six themed parties - would make for an excellent book if they were all actually Halloween-themed . Sadly , even the Halloween-specific party suggestions fall a little flat .
 Come on people ! Even Jack Vance 's zany Dying Earth novels -LRB- Cugel in particular -RRB- have more substance than this lackadaisical tour-de-force . Skip out on Burroughs , if you want quality sci-fi read the Demon Princes by Jack Vance ...
 Do n't take the star rating wrong - this is as good as any of the other books in this series , but this edition -LRB- Quiet Vision Publishing - paperback , printed in 2000 -RRB- is the cheapest printing of a book I 've ever seen . Only about 20 pages into it , pages started falling out of the back . The type is huge and goes all the way to the edge of the page so your thumbs are constantly in the way while you 're trying to read , and there are typographical errors like using two hyphens instead of em dashes . I know they make an electronic version of this book . As part of my job I convert a lot of print-intended content to digital publishing formats , and that 's what usually happens to em dashes during that process , so I almost wonder if they just printed out their digital version and bound it . It looks like it was printed on a laser printer -LRB- especially the terrible cover illustration which looks like it was drawn by a 12-year old -RRB- , and the fonts look like they 're just PC-standard ` Times ' . There are also several footnotes , which in the original edition that I read years ago were placed at the bottom of the page they were referenced from . In this edition they 're in the back of the book .
 `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' by Edgar Rice Burroughs is the fourth book in the Barsoom series , and it is quite a bit different than the previous books . The first three books focused on John Carter , and his love of Dejah Thoris , but they are barely mentioned in this book . Instead , the focus switches to focus on John Carter 's son , Cathoris , prince of Helium , and the title character Thuvia , princess of Ptarth , both of which were introduced in the second book of the series `` The Gods of Mars '' , but were fairly minor characters in both that and the third book of the series . This book was originally published in three parts in `` All-Story Weekly '' on April 8 , 15 , and 22 of 1916 . It was later published in book form in October of 1920 . Most of the book deals with things with which the readers of the series are already familiar , such as the different kingdoms of Red Martians , and the warlike Green Martians , but there is one very interesting new development and that is in the ancient city of Lothar , and in particular the phantom bowmen who defend that city . The entire Lothar sequence is certainly the highlight of the book , with the unusual Jav , who is the first Lotharian they meet , and Tario , Jeddak of Lothar . Also , the character Kar Komak who is one of the phantom bowmen is a good addition to the cast of characters.The story is rather simple . Cathoris is in love with Thuvia , as is Astok , Prince of Dusar , but Thuvia herself is already promised to Kulan Tith , the Jeddak of Kaol . Who Thuvia favors is kept somewhat secret , though the reader can pretty much guess . Astok is determined to have her , and so he kidnaps her and frames Cathoris in the process , hoping to start a war and prevent the truth from being learned . Cathoris falls into their trap , and he and Thuvia disappear from the known world . Cathoris does his best to protect Thuvia as she gets passed from captor to captor , while the circumstances of what is going on in their kingdoms is unknown to them.This book falls short of the first books of the series for a number of reasons . Many of the devices used here were used before . One would think that so many plots and deceptions had taken place in the past , that it would not automatically work so easily in making people believe that Cathoris was a kidnapper . The fact is , though , that these hokey devices worked in the earlier books , because Burroughs did a much better job of keeping the action going and telling a complete story . This book is much shorter than any of the prior three , and the ending feels like it is cut at least a chapter short as only some of the issues raised during the story end up being resolved . One never really gets to know Kulan Tith , and so his actions in the end feel empty of significance , a mistake which Burroughs did not make in the earlier books.For those who were content with the first three books , there is n't enough here to justify coming back to it , but for those who want more , it does add something to the series . I am only going to rate this one two stars , because I feel it is significantly weaker than its predecessors , but for those who are big fans of the series , you probably will still get something out of it .
 I read the first 3 John Carter books and wanted to see how the story progressed . Edgar Rice B. has made me bored with his style . This story is LONG on description and SHORT on plot . There is so much description that I lost track of what I was reading . I realize he wrote during the last century and people did not realize Mars was what it was . I guess I will be very embarrassed if the Mars Rover proves Edgar Rice was right !!!!!!
 First , I wish nobody to need the information about IBD . But , for one who needs it , the current book is not a best place to look for.Obviously , the author 's attempts to explain little bit of everything worked , and almost every reader would find in the book something related to his or her case . The problem is that it is so little of information in each topic , that almost nobody would find it really helpful.The author did a pretty good job by collecting people 's letters , which could help ones who need to know that they are not alone . Still , news groups , which could be easily found in the web would work much better.And the last , most important
 This book is nothing more than a 160 page ad for Stauber 's school/store in CakeEater , MN . There is no `` How To '' advise in this book .
 While this book is very good on providing scripture quotations , the commentary is dated and extremely biased . If this book were to be shared with people of non-Mormon faiths , they would become very defensive and rightly so . The author 's invective toward the Catholic faith is appaling . Many Mission Presidents do not recommend this book . It could be dangerous in the hands of the untrained .
 I totally disagree with the reviewer from Hongkong who must have been writing about some other book when she portrayed Infatuation as funny and sexy , with witty dialogues and hot passion . As it happens , most of the book is devoted to a character analysis of Judith . In a nut shell , Judith knows that she is an ugly duckling with incredible brain power . We do n't see any real attraction developing between Luke and Judith until the last quarter of the book . And then when it does , the author 's analysis of Judith is vindicated for she is accepted by Luke because of her brainy self rather than her looks . The most tragicomedical line of the book must be when Luke agrees with Judith that she is not beautiful . Disappointingly for me , just when I 'm getting interested in the story in the last quarter of the book , the plot reaches its climax and comes to an end . The story is dry and tends to drag on . I must say that the writing is good as can be expected from Charlotte Lamb . I gave it two stars .
 Lewis 's shorter works were generally originally composed as speeches or as articles for periodicals . Various sets of them were collected and published in book form both during his life and after his death . Trying to determine what works are in what collections is difficult - most works appear in more than one collection , some works appear under more than one title , and some collections appear under more than one title.To aid readers , in this review I 've listed the works in this collection , with notes indicating other collections they have appeared in . Where a work has appeared under more than one title , I give both titles separated by a slash.Table of Contents : `` The Necessity of Chivalry '' / `` The Importance of an Ideal '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Equality '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Three Kinds of Men '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` My First School '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Is English Doomed ? '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Democratic Education '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` A Dream '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Blimpophobia '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Private Bates '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Hedonics '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` After Priggery - What ? '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Modern Man and His Categories of Thought '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Talking About Bicycles '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` On Living in the Atomic Age '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` The Empty Universe '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Prudery and Philology '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Interim Report '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Is History Bunk '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- , -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Sex in Literature '' -LRB- 1 -RRB- Notes : -LRB- 1 -RRB- also published in `` Essay Collection & Other Short Pieces '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- also published in `` Compelling Reason `` Recommendations : The current collection is an odd one - generally , Lewis 's shorter writings can be classed by subject as either Christian or Literary , but this collection is of Lewis 's topical writings , which do not fall easily into either category . Given that their topicality has now aged about half a century , this is hardly the most valuable set of writings Lewis has left us . Most readers of Lewis can safely pass.For those Lewis readers who ca n't get enough , this collection does have merit , but I would suggest that such folk instead get `` Essay Collection & Other Short Pieces '' , which , as of the time of this writing , is available from Amazon UK but not Amazon US . That collection consists of about 130 short works by Lewis . It includes everything in this collection as well as almost all of his Christian writings -LRB- Lewis 's Literary writings are , however , sadly under-represented in that collection -RRB- . If you love Lewis but your budget does not run to `` Essay Collection & Other Short Pieces '' , then you can go ahead and get this collection . Its only other overlap is with `` Compelling Reason '' , a collection that nobody should get .
 He has the eye and ear of an advertiser . Quick with the headline but totally lacking in content.A suit devoid of body and soul .
 Sorry , but only 2.5 stars . Such a disappointment . I LOVED book 1The Hollow Kingdom
 At page 250 of this fantasy/fairy-tale novel by a prestigious British author , the main character , 17-year old Joanna says , `` This is getting very confusing . '' That about sums up this mixed-up , hard-to-follow book about the loss and reclamation of Fairyland . Perhaps , it was more understandable to Brits ? I just did n't get it or feel wowed or caused to suspend my disbelief .
 And I only paid $ 23 for it . Thankfully the boys at Alternate Universe in Milford , CT are decent people and let me exchange it for a book of Krazy Kat.I 'm a pretty huge fan of Spiegelman 's work . I even have `` Breakdowns '' , published in 1977 , NOT 1997 like this book seems to believe!Aside from other errors , it was largely padded . He spent nearly a page explaining what the Holocaust was . Furthermore , the information on Spiegelman was mainly gleaned from his comics . That basically means any fan of Spiegelman wo n't learn anything new . There were some interesting quotes and a few tidbits taken from various interviews with Spiegelman , but it was really nothing new to me.Its redeeming qualities were a few photos I had n't seen before , but the images were primarily panels from comics of Spiegelman 's . It also was a fairly extensive summary of the history of comic art , but that 's not exactly why a person would buy this book.Sorry Mr. Forget , but I was unimpressed .
 Miss Pickerell is a spinster with a cow , a love of rocks and a very old car . The story opens with her taking her nieces and nephews to the fair and exhibiting her rock collection . There she meets Mr. Haggerty and gives him a ride . It turns out that Mr. Haggerty is to be the navigator on a space flight to Mars and the ship is currently parked in Miss Pickerell 's pasture . This upsets Miss Pickerell , but her curiosity overwhelms her and in a major mistake , she replaces Mr. Haggerty on the flight to Mars.This story is generally silly science fiction ; the crew demonstrates incompetence to the point where Miss Pickerell has to come to their rescue . I read this book for the first time when I was in elementary school and even then found it laughable . There are many books for the young person far superior in their descriptions of space flight .
 If you 're looking for a finnish fireplace design book , look on . This is a picture book showing how a finnish fireplace design can fit into home decor , containing not any plans or technical information . Disappointing .
 Blood is a book that seems to have too many interesting ideas . Sadly it never focuses on any one of them long enough to become interesting . Too many elements seem to have been tossed in without having any impact on the story , stretching suspension of disbelief beyond all bounds . The attempt at `` non-linearity '' simply creates a jumble that , while ultimately having a certain underlying logic , is not a very entertaining or engrossing read .
 I have been reading Moorcock 's work ever since I encountered his creations while playing RPGs in the early Nineties . Suffice it to say , Moorcock seems to have nothing more to add to his Chaos-spawned mythology other than an obviously mediocre book . Old hands will probably notice the allusions to the Eternal Champion , a concept which in all the circumlocutions , Alas ! almost put him at par with those lame `` formula writers '' . His Blood just fails to churn mine .
 After reading Whips & Whispers by Pita -LRB- a truly fantastic book that I strongly recommend to anyone interested in BDSM romance/erotica -RRB- , I was extremely anxious to read more by her . To my shock , as wonderful as Whips & Whispers was , this book was absolutely awful . The stories are extremely short and barely erotic . On average , they contain about 90 % set up -LRB- bland discussion of the characters , scene , etc -RRB- and 10 % `` action '' - sexual or otherwise . The interactions between the characters are minimal and superficial , left almost entirely to the reader 's imagination . When a story begins to show promise , it ends - leaving the reader to tell any actual story -LRB- a task typically assumed by the author -RRB- . After reading Whips & Whispers , I am beyond shocked by how disappointing this book is . I also purchased Angela 's Wolves , figuring that I could take a chance for $ 0.99 . Sadly , Angela 's Wolves shared the same flaws as this book
 I love historical novels , and that 's what I thought this book was , with the added bonus of naughtiness . What I got was a book with stories -LRB- I read 3 of them before I gave up -RRB- that had to be written by horney 13 year olds . This single purchase has me rethinking my loyalty to Amazon .
 I found this book VERY difficult to follow . It contained many typographical errors , misspellings , and inappropriate word choices and phraseology . The content was poorly organized . I had expected a cogent articulation of the situation , the facts , conclusions , and recommendations for further reseach or review . This book contained none of these . I struggled through at least one-half of the book and then gave up . I scanned the rest of the book and decided it was not worth my time . If I could return it for a refund I would do so . Having said all of this , the readers of this review need to know I am not a casual reader of books about the topic . Over the years I have read over 20 to 25 books about the assassination of JFK . I was hoping to learn something more , new , or different . I was disappointed because the author probably had something very worthwhile to say but his message was lost in his very poor presentation . My recommendation would be for him to give whatever information he collected to someone else to write .
 Maggie Shayne can certainly write , but this one is a loser . It was difficult to warm up to the hero and heroine - Edie , a former lingerie model is cold and colorless , she returns to her home town and buys up the property that Wade has always wanted because he ticked her off . This is neither adult nor endearing . He , on the other hand , is your typical alpha male who , in this case ` jerks ' off while looking at her layouts in lingerie . Not an attractive trait either . These two people are just not likeable and Edie is so dumb , it 's scarey - while she 's being stalked , she buys an isolated piece of property . The scene where her sister is being tortured is far too explicit for a category romance and more appropriate to a mainstream thriller . The rest of Edie 's family were far more interesting than the main characters . Overall , disappointing and not nice .
 When Evie Brand comes home from L.A. , an ex-model running from a stalker she seems to get on the wrong side of Wade Armstrong , someone who 's been in love with her since high school , someone who 's help she needs and wants even though she does not want to admit it . This is the second book in the all-girl brands series it 's not as good , it does not hold you all the way through it only picks a little at the end and you ca n't feel a whole lot of empathy for the character.THE HEROINE IS JUST SELF CENTRED AND BORING AND YOU CA N'T SEE WHAT THE HERO SEE 'S IN HER BESIDES THE FACT SHE IS A MODEL THE HERO DESERVED BETTER .
 The book I received was a reprint from the collection of the Univesity of Michigan Library `` Prepared by HP '' . It is `` an unreviewed and unedited digital scan which may show library use shuch as stamps , scribbles or margin notes and in addition may have errors which were in the origin or in the digital scans or printing errors including missing , obscured or upside down pages . '' My copy included 9 blank pages one with library stamps and one with filing code and pages 18 through 59 were improperly cropped.I think a customer should receive a caviat for a book of this quality if you are going to charge $ 10.99 for it . A friend of mine was able to purchase a good quality copy of this title on e-Bay for $ 4.99 .
 I bought this cd and have been disappointed from day one . First of all , there are only 200 questions per section -LRB- 5 sections -RRB- which means you will be through this cd in less than a weeks time ... you 'd be better off buyng the book set instead . As well , when you take the mock exams you will soon discover that they have cut corners once again and have recycled questions from the previous sections into the exam . This does not test your knowledge , it tests your ability to memorize . When you 're done your exam you can look at which questions you got right and wrong , but be careful because once you quit the cd , all that info is lost and you 'll never get to see your precious exam marks again ! All in all , i was thoroughly dissapointed with my purchase and would have been better off without it . By the way , i haven ; t even written my board exam , so i am not blaming this cd for poor exam results ... yet !
 I got no traction at all in this book . Was counting on a friend who also bought it and , sadly , his reaction was the same . I 'm going to take another run at it .
 Discs 6 and 11 wo n't play . Big damaged spots , you can see through the discs . Humbly request replacement or refund .
 I was expecting the author to continue with some Dickensian darkness and magical whimsey . The darkness was certainly delivered ... and with heaping doses of vulgarity to boot . A dry read most certainly NOT reminiscent of the tone of &#34; A Christmas Carol &#34; -- as one is led to expect by the book 's abstract -- I stopped reading it after the fourth chapter and have n't missed it at all !
 This book is the continuation of the story of Tiny Tim but as an adult . The part where we see who Tim really is , as opposed to who Tim 's parents wanted him to be , was by far the best part of the book . The `` mystery '' though was just silly ; there is no way that someone in England at that time when confronted with a child rapist would n't have murdered him on the spot . And Tim not doing so went completely against who the author had developed as Tim 's true nature . There were actions such as this one throughout the book that seemed obviously placed in order to drive the plot forward . Exasperating and annoying .
 BORING . this book should have been a short story . i am shocked that people liked it so much .
 Mr. Timothy
 This book was one of the worst I have ever read . I thought it was going to be inspiring on the life of Tiny Tim from The Christmas Carol story . Instead , it was raunchy , and totally boring . Shame on the reviewers who lured our book club with their praise of this book for the Christmas season . Could n't even finish it - and I have never not finished a book in over 30 years . Blah !
 Slow , Dark , Brooding and those are the nicest things I could say . This is one of the very few books I have truly wished I could return and get my money back . I love historical mysteries - but I did n't care what happened in this one because the characters were so uninteresting .
 Timothy Cratchit has grown up . Relatively healthy -LRB- although his knee still acts up -RRB- he has left the suffocating embrace of his Uncle `` N '' and is currently employed as a tutor for a local madam who wishes to be able to read . Haunted by memories of his father whose ghost he sees everywhere , Tim is adrift in life lacking direction or focus . His situation changes suddenly when he is confronted with the body of a young girl and then the peril of another . This leads him to combat a societal evil that will prove all too obvious to a 21st century reader , but one whose impact is still horrifying by its mere existence.Tim is unsure of himself but driven to confront the evil placed before him , despite lacking the basic tools to combat it effectively . Teamed with a street urchin of with amazing survival skills and a young girl whose will belies her size and age , Tim Cratchit rises to the occasion and faces his fears , both physical and psychological . . By placing A CHRISTMAS CAROL 's characters in a setting more befitting one of Dickens more dramatic works and , in essence , making them more real , Bayard has not truly succeeded in capturing the nature of those characters . It is a decent mystery and one that captures the time well , but the central conceit of having Tiny Tim grow into this `` lost soul '' adrift in the world just did n't work for me . I found the future that Bayard has created for Dickens 's Cratchit family and the old miser was wanting .
 The concept was good -LRB- and it certainly worked in Bayard 's Poe novel -RRB- . But after a half dozen chapters , I still could n't care less about Tim . The prose tended towards the pedantic and the supporting characters were flat .
 I read this book a couple of months ago and I can not remember much about the book , it being totally forgetable . Mr. Timothy could be Mr. Fred . There was n't much of a point to him being `` Tiny Tim '' - just a plain old story . A big disappointment .
 We ordered this book as a Christmas gift for a relative from his Amazon wishlist and paid $ 4o . oo plus dollars for it and still have not received it !!! We are trying to figure out how to receive a refund . Something went wrong with Amazon and its services over the holidays , because our adult daughter -LRB- who lives at a separate address and has a separate Amazon account -RRB- also ordered this book -LRB- which is out of print -RRB- for the same relative not knowing that I was doing the same and Amazon did not remove it from the wishlist of our relative . Afterwards , not knowing that our daughter had ordered it previously , I ordered the same book from the same relative 's Amazon wishlist , paid for it , and Amazon said it would arrive at my home between Dec. 23 , 2010 and Jan. 10 , 2011 and we have never received it ! Also , I ordered and purchased three Kindle books from the same relative 's wishlist as Christmas gifts and they were not removed from his Amazon wishlist either -LRB- even after a week -RRB- . Finally , our relative removed the items he had received on Christmas from his Amazon wishlist himself , so as to prevent any further confusion . The book may be excellent , but we will never know !
 In `` Climbing High '' Lene Gammelgaard , a Danish mountaineer , becomes the first Scandanavian woman to summit Mount Everest . The book is essentially a chronicle of that historic achievement . This is another in the long line of books that deal with the storm of 1996 that wiped out a number of great climbers and their clients . So far so good . The problems start right away for Gammelgaard when she starts to write.The book is written in a disjointed `` what I did on my summer vacation '' sort of way . There is little attempt at anything remotely resembling prose . Each paragraph is tersely written in a notepad jotting sentence structure . Gammelgaard makes a number of rookie grammatical errors that cry out for editing . For example , `` I , myself , have great difficulty ... '' As Strunk and White would say , who else would I be other than myself . Another goes , `` Gon na be fun ... '' . Even my six-year-old knows that gon na is not a proper word.As if this is not enough , Gammelgaard also throws in a few cheesy existential observations that shed no light on the true motivations of semi-suicidal mountaineers . To wit , `` I seek solitude , to connect with inner peace . Tai Chi among the giants of the universe . Belonging . Absolute serenity . '' I wonder how much solitude and inner peace Gammelgaard had while performing bodily functions in full view of male expedition members.There is very little to be gained by reading this book other than a personal profile and chronicle of Gammelgaards achievement . The book sheds no further light on the 1996 tragedy . I recommend passing on this one .
 lene is probobly a very upbeat and interesting person but the book is choppy and does n't grip you like some other books.if you have all the other everest books go ahead and get it but you 'll enjoy ` high exposure by breashears and climb by anatoli b. much better
 This is book number six , just having read Scott Fischer 's bio . They are two of a kind , sliding over the more complex issues . Lene is obviously a super athlete whose ascent of Everest was quite a physical feat . But she does not address the meaning of Scott 's invitation to climb Everest , `` Let 's make it happen and have fun , '' in the context of his and eight other 's deaths making it happen and having fun . She adds little to the controversies that swirl around the events pointing fingers at one or another of leaders or clients for their mistakes or even negligence because leaders wanted to get clients successfully up and down and clients wanted to claim victory . She only mentions Scotts unnecessary trip down which may have contributed to his exhaustion . She says nothing about the assistance rendered to the New York socialite and its possible ramifications or about the ropes not being set above camp III . She does nothing to clarify the lack of designation of an absolute turn back time by Scott . What she does do is exonerate Anatoli Boukreev whom some have accused of failing in his duties by neither using oxygen nor properly attending to the clients . For her , he is the paradigm of a great climber . Her books starts out impressionistically with little homilies about the meaning of life and accomplishing things . This part can easily be skipped . The book gets better when she goes into her inner narrative while climbing . I assume she kept a journal . Her struggles acclimatizing , her fear , and reliance on her past training are all interesting pictures of what it takes in this extreme sport . She does touch upon Beck Weathers ' , who came back from the dead twice on the mountain , observation that climbing is a way of avoiding other life issues . She wonders how men and women with families can so risk their lives . She gets off on the sociability and fraternity like atmosphere of the camps . But when it comes to the final ascent she is mostly concerned with taking care of herself . In the end she is saved from freezing to death by someone else . I wonder in reading all of these books how much hypoxia on the upper reaches of the mountain clouds everyone 's minds making their rendition of the events questionable . I would n't recommend this book unless you , like me , are hooked on the madness of mountain climbers . Within a short time after Everest two other members of the team , Anatoli , and Scott 's sherpa die on mountains.Charlie Fisher , author of Dismantling Discontent
 After being nearly obsessed with Into Thin Air and The Climb , I eagerly awaited the latest book from Lene -LRB- I also lived in and speak Danish -- an added bonus -RRB- . However , I found Lene 's chronicle pretty weak , with little background or insight in the writing . This book was written more like a journal without analysis and should have been billed as such . For gaining insight into the state of mind for Lene , it was interesting . For better writing and deeper analysis about the 96 tragedy , stick to the other 2 books .
 I had `` high '' hopes about this book and really was quite disappointed by it . After having read `` Into Thin Air '' and `` The Climb '' -LRB- the first of which I thought was excellent , the second less well written but gripping nonetheless -RRB- I was anxious to read Lene 's account of the same story . I had met her at a local bookstore where she did a slide show presentation and book signing and she is definitely a strong and impressive woman face to face . But I thought her book was poorly written -LRB- or poorly translated -RRB- and did not convey any of the drama or nail-biting suspense that the others did . Her thoughts jump around from sentence to sentence and never seem to stick together well enough to make what I consider a good read . I 'm glad I did n't waste the energy to carry it around with me on my recent Everest trek as I was going to do . I probably would have left it in one of the villages only to leave it to another disappointed reader . For a beautiful and well-written mountaineering adventure from a woman 's perspective , read Arlene Blum 's `` Annapurna
 This is not a book about climbing - which I found kinda funny for a book about mt. Everest ; this book is about ms. Gammelgaard proving to herself `` she could be the first nordic woman to set foot '' on Chomolungma - big deal ! So maybe you can call this a tale of a driven , achieving lady who singlemindedly pursues a goal , but you will learn nothing about what happened in may , 1996 or about what being on mt. Everest is like ; not even close to Krakauer 's or Boukreev 's books on the same topic
 I was so looking forward to reading this book . I wanted to read about a woman 's experience on Everest , particularly during the 1996 season so well written about by others -LRB- particularly Krakauer -RRB- . How disappointed and let down can one be!I agree with the climber below -LRB- Gabrielle -RRB- . I have never , not never will climb mountains , but I founbd this to be self-indulgent and full of new age psycho-babble . I found her atttitude towards others patronising , especially in an excrutiating couple of exchanges with Boukreev ... one where she offers the `` poor boy '' from Kazakhstan rolls of film , beciuse she is so liberally endowed by her sponsors.In fact the whole book read like one written to satisfy some sponsorship deal . It was lazily written - much barely edited journal writings.Didn ' t add anything to my knowledge of or voracious interest in Everest and other high peaks , and does n't capture the `` women 's experience '' as well as , for example , Arlene Blum in `` Annapurna '' . Am still searching for something terrific by a woman climber on Everest !
 If you feel you are interested in reading this book I suggest you save your money and wait till you find it at a garge sale for a quarter . Then read it only when it 's one of those days where you just ca n't find anything else to read.She claimed to have been a mountain climber before Everest , but yet she had to ask other people what she needed to purchase for that climb . I would think that a `` Mountain Climber '' would have known what to purchase as far as equipment needed.She talks of this Zen responsibility then turns around to inform the readers of how Sandy Pittman is having an affair going on in her tent , of how Anatoli Boukreev 's girlfriend `` tip-toes '' each afternoon to his tent to spend the night with him . I then ask myself , I wonder whose tent she was `` tip-toeing '' to , with the `` sexy green underware '' she speaks of in her book . Hmm?The book has nothing to do with Mountain Climbing if that is what you are interested in .
 The paradoxical nature of reality is that everyone perceives it differently yet everyone thinks that their version is the `` correct '' one . If you 've read any of the reports on the tragedy on Mt. Everest in May 1996 , it 's evident that no one person knows the whole story yet each person on the mountain that day has their own version of what happened . I was hopeful that this book would add an insightful new perspective , but I was immensely disappointed . Lene Gammelgaard 's account is nothing but an exercise in self-aggrandizement . She repeatedly suggests that the tragedy was the result of too many amateurs buying their way onto the mountain and putting everyone else in jeopardy . Undoubtedly true , but Gammelgaard is being hypocritical at best . Her silly `` spirit of the mountain '' claptrap , foolhardy demand that she be allowed to summit without oxygen and lack of familiarity with some of the most basic equipment mark her as one of the same crowd . While `` Into Thin Air '' may have reflected its authors ' biases , at least he was willing to acknowledge that there might be some and to look at his own mistakes that fateful day . Gammelgaard makes no such concessions . I 'm glad I read the book just because it gives me a fresh perspective on one of the players , but it 's certainly not a favorable one .
 As another woman who has actually reached the summit of Mt. Everest , I found this book to be nothing more than self-indulgent `` New Age '' drivel . Gammelgaard offers no insight into why the disaster happened and virtualy ignores the other climbers who were on Everest that day . The book has none of the gripping suspense of Into Thin Air and none of the factual reporting of The Climb . I 'm happy Gammelgaard survived but she should turn her attentions to things other than writing . One of the worst books I 've yet to read !
 Despite the intense worldwide interest in the '96 Everest tragedy , it took 3 years for this book -LRB- the first actually written on the subject -RRB- to find an American publisher . There 's a reason -- it 's really a terrible book . Lene Gammelgaard presents herself as a self-absorbed , bitchy , shallow person who really has nothing to say about the people , the climb , or the tragedy . She provides no insights into the `` big issues '' -LRB- e.g. , why people climb , the impacts of commercial expeditions and amateur climbers -RRB- or the specific events of these expeditions . Where she could offer unique perspectives -- the only living witness of a Fisher-Boukreev conversation that is mentioned in all other books , insights about the climb , return , and `` huddle '' -- her writing never advances beyond the emotional depth of a fitness trainer . `` I know I can do it ! '' become her one size fits all answer to every situation she encounters . She barely seems to have been aware of the existence of her other team members , who essentially are invisible in the book . Even when she gets her claws out -LRB- as when she makes a few bitchy remarks about Sandy Hill Pittman -RRB- , she does n't really have anything to say . If Into Thin Air and The Climb still left you interested in Everest , better to move around to the other side of the mountain and buy a `` Mallory '' book .
 Lene Gammelgaard survived the 1996 debacle on Mt Everest that left nine people dead . Involved were people from all walks of life who traveled to Nepal from around the world . However , I would say that 80 percent of the book dwells on Ms Gammelgaard and her bubble of `` feelings '' about her situation , all the while oblivious to events and people around her except inasmuch as they fall within her beam of self-focus . I found her initial insistence on summiting Everest without O 's childishly arrogant and irresponsible . Having never topped an `` Eight , '' it shows Ms. Gammelgaard 's lack of judgment to think she could go to the highest of them all without the life-saving supplement . Did she put herself on a par with Scott Fischer -LRB- who , by the way , climbed WITH O 's that day -RRB- , Anatoli Boukreev , Ed Viesturs ? Apparently so . Fortunately , for both herself and the others , she was persuaded by Boukreev to abandon this folly . This incident is the most salient example of similar frivilous behaviors recounted in a primitive journal style that seems not to have profited from much editing.However , her narrow point of view and poor writing skills can in no way diminish Ms.Gammelgaard 's accomplishment which is extraordinary under any circumstance . Unlike others , she was dragged neither up nor down the mountain ; she made it under her own steam with little complaint and even sacrificed her oxygen cannister to a struggling climber during the descent.What made this book worth two stars was it 's relation to the event . Having read everything else available on the 1996 climb , it is interesting and informative to add yet another point of view . I was disappointed that Ms Gammelgaard 's was so limited .
 Of all that has been written about the 1996 Everest tragedy of errors , this is the weakest piece . It consists mainly of diary excerpts and the author 's commentaries on them . The only insights for the reader are into the mind of an enormously driven , self-indulgent , and self-absorbed person . Reading this book is a waste of time and money .
 This book , like a lot of this summer 's `` blockbuster '' movies , enjoyed a major build-up . It did not live up to its hype . It was full of ego and ultimately left me wondering why I bothered to finish it .
 This book is a total waste of time to read . I could n't wait to read it when I saw it on Amazon.com . But lucky for me I happen to see it at the library and hurried home to read it . Gammelgaard is so into herself it makes me sick . To think that she thinks Scott Fischer needed to have her on his team in order for the expedition to make it is unreal . She will never be in the same league as true mountaineers like Fischer or Rob Hall . Save your money on this one . I have read almost everything about Mount Everest , and the 1996 tragedy , and this is by far the worst . It will never compare with `` Into Thin Air '' or `` The Climb '' . Also she has a style of writing that I have never seen before . She jumps from one thing to another , but I can guarantee you it will always be about herself , and how strong and great she is .
 Everything that needs to be said was said in `` Into Thin Air '' and `` The Climb . ''
 I was excited to come across Lene Gammelgaard 's book as I love to read about women who share my taste for adventure . Imagine how disappointed I was to find that Ms. Gammelgaard could not write about anything outside of herself . Yes , I know it is a personal account of climbing Everest , but her trip was not a solo ascent . From her account though , you would think no one else was around . Okay , perhaps that is a slight exaggeration , but I was pretty tired of Ms. Gammelgaard far before the end of this book . Additionally , her writing style is quite disjointed and distracting . I find it difficult to believe the claim that she has `` been a journalist , '' unless you understand that to include anyone who has , perhaps , simply kept a journal.If you want to get a feel for being a woman and climbing , better to try Stacy Allison or Ruth Anne Kocour . You will get much more rich detail from either of those , along with more of a sense of the community of climbing .
 I have n't read this book but I 've read Krakauer & Boukreev at least 7 times each . It is public knowledge that Lene G. did not pay Mountain Madness the full fee to be guided up the mountain . Ask Karen Dickenson . Maybe that 's why Fischer 's expedition had few -LRB- and inferior -RRB- radios . Hopefully LG paid Mountain Madness -LRB- after the fact -RRB- with the profits from her book . Otherwise she 's just a user who used Fischer 's good nature to sleaze her way into his expedition . Even if she paid , it 's too late . I have zero respect for her . I would like to read her book but I wo n't buy it .
 The book is poorly written with a lot of name dropping and gossipy insinuations . Into Thin Air , Climb , High Exposure are all better written and far more interesting . I think she figures if she refers to the `` mother goddess '' enough times she can pass the book off as feminist treatise . Lucky for Gammelgaard , she 's a better climber than writer , or she 'd be just be another fossil on the mountain . Do n't waste your money .
 The author came across as a rather selfish and arrogant person , totally self involved . There were enough problems up there on Mt. Everest without Gammelgaard throwing temper tantrums because Scott Fischer wanted her to summit with oxygen . She frequently drew conclusions about other 's thoughts and motivations without any basis for these judgements . The writing was boring , choppy , and unedited for grammar . Hopefully , Gammelgaard did get around to paying Mountain Madness the balance of what she owed them . She tried to convince us that she did in fact pay in full . Not true . Frankly , the woman has difficulty in relating the facts with truthfulness . I could never recommend a book this poorly written . She did n't really write about mountain climbing . She wrote more about love of self . Her own self , that is .
 Like many others who have found this book totally self serving , I am one who found Gammelgaard 's words introverted to the point of insulting . She is obviously one who captured the summit with a trophy in mind . I also have found no evidence that Scott Fischer 's expedition WAS an `` environmental expedition , '' as it has been called repeatedly . Standing this book next to Jon Krakauer 's is like walking on your head , it 's pointless . Lene Gammelgaard 's main motive was to bag the top and become the `` celebrity '' she claimed to have become back home . Her writing , though a journal format , is childish and of amateur quality . One would hope a book about the Everest tragedy and the mountain itself , no matter who the author is , would offer a profile on the history of the region or something to make it interesting . Gammelgaard should have done some research to augment her own experience . Yet she simply punched out some weak profound sentences and came up flat . I applaud her for other life experiences and contributions to her homeland 's society but as with other climbers in that fateful year , Gammelgaard has done more damage to the sport of climbing than she did good . Apparently she is working on a second book . I suggest she spare us or make it a children 's book .
 ... it 's about being `` proud of being the first Danish woman to do so '' - this sentence is the whole content of the book . The most dramatic climbing season on the tallest mountain on the planet is nothing but a mere background to the great self esteem drama Gammelgaard is going thru -LRB- and sharing with us - in lots of details -RRB- . Krakauer and Boukreev run circles around this lady , definitely NOT recommended
 First of all Lene Gammelgaard is not a writer , that 's evident within the first 10 pages . Had she left out the phrases `` Sagarmatha Environmental Expedition '' and `` Sagarmatha , Mother Goddess of the Earth '' , the only text left would have been a few pages of self hype and a dozen or so boring pictures pasted between hardcover.What she does manage to do though is pen a pretty convincing and damning indictment of her own involvement in one of the worst mountaineering disasters in history.Several passages in this book lead me to believe that Scott Fischer had bit off more than he could chew by signing up several expedition members of questionable ability . Once he had their money , he did n't or would n't say `` No '' to their plans.She was told `` No , she could n't go . '' by the business manager . Was that because they had n't received her payment ? Or was it because they already had enough `` inexperienced '' climbers signed on?Once into the climb , she seems obsessed in proving that she was a strong climber . Constantly comparing her physical condition with the rest of the team members . Her obsession with going without oxygen was n't nixed until late into the climb , which also raises questions about Scott Fischer 's judgement in leading her to believe she would even be allowed to attempt such an obviously suicidal stunt.Does this `` seasoned '' mountain climber not own a watch or an altimeter ? Not once did she seem to know what time it was nor how high she was . Several documented accounts of the climb have her as one of the last members of Fischer 's team to summit on the 10th of May . She does n't know what time she reached the top . Was it 2:30 or was it 1:30 ? try after 3:00 ! Why on earth did it take this , `` by her own account '' , superbly conditioned climbing machine this long to summit ? She was using oxygen and had planned and prepared herself to go without . I wonder.Once getting on the summit , she unpacked sponsor logos and produced a paper with a headline heralding her success . In addition to the impromptu party she threw for herself while on top she also conned a team member into taking off his gloves and snapping a picture . Taking off your gloves at 29,000 feet can cost your fingers . What on earth was she thinking ? She obviously was n't . Read how many times she had to `` catch-up '' with groups that had left her behind and you begin to understand how terribly slow she moved . What we will never know for sure though is how many lives would have been saved had she been turned around at 1:00 , summit or not.At the start of the book she praised herself for `` being picked by Scott because of her uncanny ability to make a team function together '' . Before the summit bid she announces that this is an `` individual '' thing , that she ca n't count on others for help and that they should n't count on her . Mountain climbing is just you and the mountain . Her butt would still be on the mountain if the rest of the team thought like she did.If you 're looking for a book about mountain climbing adventure , look elsewhere . But if you are looking for more documentation and answers about the May 1996 tragedy on Mt. Everest , you will find several interesting things in this account . Unfortunately you have to put up with someone who is more than a little self absorbed , honking their horn about being the `` first Scandinavian woman '' to climb Mt. Everest.Lene Gammelgaard obviously does n't know what responsibility is , and she takes none for the disaster she calls a climb .
 What should have been insightful , educated insight into one the higher accomplishments of a human , turned into a self absorbed effort at self affirmation and ego stroking . Do n't waste a nickel on this one .
 After reading Into Thin Air , I have read everything I could get my hands on regarding the 96 Everest tragedy . I have turned into an `` Armchair Everest Junkie '' . Lene 's perspective on her survival was of particular interest to me because I am such a chicken when it comes to taking risks . This book was more about who Lene liked and who she thought little of . There was very little credible information that shed light on what she went through . I found it distasteful that she took shots at those whom she accompanied and collectively staked their lives on the bid for the Everest summit . True , Anatoli was a fine mountaineer and human being but he was the only other person she respected . That pretty much sums up the book !
 Early on in his classic `` Into Thin Air '' , Jon Krakauer recounts how his team leader , Rob Hall , was stung when fellow New Zealander and Everest legend Sir Edmund Hillary denounced the business of `` guided climbs '' on the mountain . This book tends to reinforce Hillary 's point of view . The author was a client on Scott Fischer 's team , one of Hall 's competitors , and , as dozens of others have observed , it is primarily an exercise in shallow ego gratification , and a poorly wriiten one at that . To be fair , to simply get up Everest , even with Sherpas and guides doing most of the support work , is no mean feat ; nonetheless a non-climber like myself has to wonder whether these people are really entitled to claim Everest as a trophy . Her repeated blather about being the `` first Scandinavian woman '' on the summit seems banal , I mean , what 's next , the first gay Mexican to make the top ? And her constant use of phrases like `` Sagamartha , Mother Goddess of the Earth '' starts to sound smarmy and condescending , heck , according to Krakauer even the Sherpas mostly refer to it simply as `` Everest '' . The point is , these guided climbs offer a great opportunity for self-absorbed overachievers to make a name for themselves while in the process diluting the achievements of true experts . After all , if -LRB- as of 1996 -RRB- some 600 + successful ascents had been logged , laymen like myself who are n't a part of the climbing fraternity might easily wonder what 's so special about the whole thing . Of course , these expeditions do inject lots of badly needed cash into the Sherpas ' economy , nonetheless one is inclined to wonder if the `` sport '' of mountaineering would n't be better served , as Krakauer himself suggested in passing near the end of his book , by simply banning oxygen from Everest . If nothing else , it would keep the hacks and wannabes off the hill and restore the summit to its status as a place open only to the very best climbers .
 Like several others who have reviewed this book , I found it a total waste of time . I was able to read the entire book in one day and I kept thinking , `` it 's got to get better , '' but it never did . There is no sense of what drives this woman , no personal history in which to `` get to know her '' and certainly nothing is added to the Everest story , either historically or in the context of the '96 tragedy . I found it shallow and filled with exclamation points that made no point . While I certainly understand and accept the intuitive mind and its differences from a more analytical perspective , this book did little in the way of informing me about the mountain or the author . Instead it seems trite and superficial and filled with pithy statements and insinuations which discredit her perspective . I am , however , thrilled that she made the summit and returned safely and that it fulfilled a personal quest she had . I only wish she had n't written so poorly about it .
 There 's not much to this shallow account of the '96 Everest tragedy . The book features double spacing between paragraphs -- apparently to make it long enough to be considered a book . If you like reprints of the 3-page itinerary that Scott Fisher sent to the author , this book is for you ! If you want great writing on these events , read Into Thin Air , which is far superior . The author does very little to add new insight into the tragedy , and in fact the moments that should have been gripping -- when her group was lost on the mountain -- amount to little more than `` we yelled at each other for hours to stay awake so we could live through the storm . '' This would have made a decent magazine article , but it does n't amount to a good book .
 i agree with the comments above that this is a self-indulgent , really very marginal book . possibly the translation is not quite what it should be , but gammelgard writes as if she 's part of an elite -LSB- and she certainly writes as if she considers herself elite -RSB- `` team '' on everest , gunning to run up the peak without oxygen , trying to keep up with legends of climbing like pete shoening and the deceased scott fischer , who was at the time one of the strongest american climbers climbing in the himalaya . gammelgard was a _ client _ . she was on a guided expedition . i found the arrogant tone of the book fairly sickening . for a much more in-depth look at the behind-the-scenes workings of fischer 's expedition , `` the climb , '' by boukreev and dewalt , though poorly written , is a much better account , and comes across far more honest and humble . and that from a man who had climbed ** numerous ** 8000-meter peaks , all without oxygen , as a climber , not a client . krakauer 's book is still the best and probably final word on everest in ' 96 , and he has some interesting things to say about gammelgard as well ... a client climbing everest without oxygen ... give me a break .
 Ever since reading Jon Krakauer 's ` Into Thin Air ' I have been very interested in Mount Everest literature , especially books recounting the events of the 1996 disaster.Lene Gammelgaard was a member of Scott Fischer 's Mountain Madness expedition and survived the storm that claimed the lives of Fischer and fellow expedition leader Rob Hall as well as clients Doug Hansen and Yasuko Namba . She was also the first out of the gate with a book recounting her experience.Unfortunately , it 's a terrible book . It mostly reads like a series of diary entries . Its main flaw is how self-centered Gammelgaard is . Much of the book is Gammelgaard 's internal dialogue concerning her preparations and it 's just not compelling reading at all . She 's rightly concerned as to whether or not she will make the summit . Who would n't be ? But that does n't mean I want to read about these doubts ad infinitum . Also , the book is littered with nonsensical New Age , vaguely Eastern-sounding philosophical gibberish . Sentences such as ' I am responsible for my own serenity . ' can be found on just about every page . -LRB- I would like to give more examples , but on finishing the book I threw it away . -RRB- She frequently refers to and addresses Mount Everest as ` Mother Goddess of the Earth ' . -LRB- Hint
 This book is pooly written - I dont know if this is the author 's insistance or some kind of translation error from danish to english , but the style of writing really puts you off.I find it hard to believe that any american publisher 's editors did not notice the bad translation , maybe this is just the style of the writing insisted by the author.The book is about the authors trip to everest summit . There is very little substance in the book . This is more a fit for a one page or two page article in a magazine than to be published as a hard bound.After you read Krauker 's book , you are bowled over by the style , the research and the facts crammed into it . Even though Krauker may have titled it as a personal narrative , there is no disputing the fact that ` Into Thin air ' provides all the information that you may want to know about the expedition , and is essentially a ` History ' of the tragedy . This book on the other hand offers zilch.The only saving grace are a couple of photos - one showing the hillary step from the bottom , the other showing the areas of the camp and ` the huddle ' on South col. Avoid it if you can .
 I purchased this book looking for a new perspective on the tragic Everest climb of May 1996 . I was sorely disappointed . Perhaps in Denmark people were interested in how she , a female Dane , attempted and summitted Mt. Everest . However , the novelty , for any climber and for most everyone else , of a woman climbing Everest on a guided expedition is nonexistent . After hundreds of ascents of Everest , it approaches absurdity to have the author repeatedly mention that she will be the first Danish woman to summit.Those who like to read self-help books may enjoy her spin on the `` inner game '' of preparing for Everest , but I did n't .
 An account of the 1996 disaster from a member of the Mountain Madness team could have added considerably to our understanding of what went wrong that dreadful day . This book does not . The focus , unfortunately , is entirely on Ms. Gaamalgard herself the rest of her team are tangential presences at best and she makes no attempt to give rounded portraits or an account of who did what and when . Of course she is not a journalist , unlike Krakauer , so perhaps her concentration on her own experience is understandable . That said experience comes off as vapid and singularly uninvolving may be the fault of Ms. Gaamalgard 's writing style or her translator - or both . It never occured to me to think of this book as ' a woman 's point of view ' , possibly because I do n't think in gender catagories , and I would hate to think Ms. Gaamalgard 's new age psychobabble was somehow representative of my sex . A POV I would very much have liked to hear was that of Pete Schoening , veteran Himalayan climber , survivor of at least two notable mountaineering disasters and God knows how many close calls , but alas he is barely mentioned .
 This book basically gives you the history of words and how they were established . It was not what I was looking for ! Not a good read !
 Boring , poorly set up , no dynamic or real plan to sit down X number of hours a day and cover Y amount of material so you can become exponentially more glib . Just a poor attempt at a primer .
 A very brief but necessary introduction for those who do n't know but would like to know just a little of what 's happing with what is called the New Age Occultism . This well know author of many books in this area introduces the fresh reader to people , topics , and a short glossary , and history to the ever present New Age Occultism , along with the latent dangers of this religious movement .
 So someone from the biggest CULT of all , Christianity , makes the usual errors about alternative spiritual paths he knows nothing about . Pure ignorance and bigotry!Evangelical Christianity had done far more damage than the New Age ever could , by sowing seeds of discord and division . Their fear-based dogma keeps them blinded to the Light that is in others.Their own book says GOD IS LOVE.Therefore , where Love is , God is.Where God is , Love is.That 's what the New Age is really all about . It 's that simple.But many Christians miss the boat . They are stuck in FEAR.Perfect love casts out fear , right?Didn ' t Jesus say to LOVE God and LOVE your neighbor?Why , then , do so many Christians stay stuck in FEAR?Why do they feel they must attack the spirituality of others ? Why not just offer their own spirituality in LOVE to those who choose it , and respect the rights of others to follow the spiritual path of their choice ?
 Save your money , i 'm not sure whats more disturbing the fact that a doctor wrote this garbage or that people will probably believe him .
 This book is billed as the `` official reference book for GARP 's FRM certification program '' and `` ideal for self instruction and in-house training '' . Unfortunately , it falls short on both scores . It is definitely not a book for someone with a basic level of knowledge . Nor does it really seem to be written for the intermediate risk manager/practitioner . Dr. Jorion undertook a rather ambitious and perhaps thankless task with this book . The subject is quite extensive . There is probably no one person with all the required in-depth knowledge to write the entire book . So there were bound to be areas of weakness . It also appears that he had scant assistance with the book , which placed an enormous burden on him.As well , the book lacks a consistent pedagogical focus . It is not pitched to the basic student or to the intermediate level practitioner but seems to wander between the two . And therefore is probably not an ideal text for either audience.If it is intended as a textbook for in-house training or preparation for the FRM exam , then it should be written at a much more basic level with careful ordering of the presentation of the material and fuller explanations rather than the text 's at times elliptical and terse ones . For an example of a shortcoming in presentation , in the section on option pricing , the book discusses the Merton derivation -LRB- for income generating `` underlyings '' -RRB- of the Black Scholes model and then presents a detailed example of the Black Scholes model . It would be more helpful to reverse the order and go from the simpler to the more complex.Other areas for improvement are the section on statistics , probability , etc. . These are at the heart of modern risk management . Sometimes the descriptions seem too terse to convey the material . The tables on the `` moments '' could be improved by including the denominator to show the exact formula for their calculation.Notwithstanding the above , there is some very good material in the book - thematic comments on risk management and interactions between various risks and instruments . This `` big picture '' analysis is good . The discussion of `` moments '' is well organized though there is a shortcoming in the tables - the denominators are missing and so the student does n't see the exact formula for each . However , as outlined above , without more detail and more structured presentation , the book 's utility for the basic level student is diminished.One would expect to see more evidence of a strong editor 's hand from a book published under Wiley Finance imprint . It is a little acknowledged fact that most authors rely on an editor to catch mistakes and to ensure that the book stays on message . The author 's task is even more daunting when preparing such a technical book . And the editor 's role then even more critical.There are some obvious errors in the book . For example , missing information in the sample question 11.4 on page 254 . Poor spacing in the answer key to that question on page 260 - where the square root of time and the 99 % standard deviation factors are conflated . As well , the explanation of the solution could have been expanded to explain exactly what these factors represented and why they were used . This is very important in a basic training book . Also there are several extraneous words between two sentences on the top of page 291 . These and others not mentioned here seem to be obvious catches.Since the subject matter is so extensive and since this is a GARP official publication , GARP should consider enlisting several authors , each of whom could address areas of his/her expertise . Dr. Jorion then could serve as the senior author - providing the logical architecture to link sections together and highlight critical dependencies and linkages . That would improve the book materially .
 It is the worst book I have ever seen.I passed both CFA and AICPA and familarize with those materials . I still find it difficult to follow . Not clear explaination , contradiction among arguments and wrong answers for the sample questions.I am very disappointed .
 I bought this book to write the FRM exam . It is the worst possible written book that I have ever seen . Even the topics that I have a very good knowledge of -LRB- e.g. Duration , Convexity etc. -RRB- are written in such a disjointed fashion that I could not recognise them . The author uses symbols without describing them , the passages have no relevance to the examples which in turn can not be connected to the solutions . It was a great disappointment . I wonder if anybody at GARP ever reviewed it before recommending it as a text for the FRM exam .
 Very interesting to see that the most ratings for the Jorion book are either 5 stars or 1 star . I have no idea why one should rate this book with 5 stars - but so many reasons why to rate it with one star : - it is full of errors - it is written in a very strange and unstructured fashion - it is difficult to read - Explanations are poor - the layout is horrible -LRB- the 80ies do-it-yourself desktop publishing style -RRB- Unfortunately , this is the major book for the FRM exam - some questions will relate to some irrelevant footnotes from the Jorion book for sure ... . So a lot of people studying for the exam will continue to waste a lot of time with this book ... Once upon a time , a guy called Phillipe J. wrote a book about Value at Risk at exactly the right moment and became famous . Since then , people like to ask him to hold presentations at conferences -LRB- his charts there have the same quality as the charts in the book , his presentation techniques are extremely disappointing -RRB- , they like to publish his papers -LRB- well , probably comparable to the quality of the book -RRB- , they like to ask him to be on the board for important exams like the FRM exam . Probably this was all too much ...
 It is the worst risk management book I have ever read . Poor organization and explanation , make the matter difficult to be understood . It is a very disappointing book suggested by GARP . I am a CFA charter , I have good knowledge in most of the subjects , I still think difficult in reading this book because of its poor explanation .
 Is there anything less than 1 star ? For the errors , this book is not a good value for your moneyI agree with other readers . Book is full of errors and irony is most of these errors are not corrected in the downloadable supplement - available on GARP web-site . Agreed the book covers everything within the Body of Knowledge for FRM exam , but many important issues / theories are mentioned / covered in the Handbook because they are part of syllabus but sufficient justice is not done to them . One definately gets this strong feeling that continuity is missing in certain parts of the book and they seem to be just product of simple copy / paste action.I strongly recommend GARP , Wiley Finance to correct the errors and replace current book with an error free version . Why should the readers pay for the errors ? And please let the readers know what actions you are taking and when ?
 As comparing with some other exam-oriented books for CFA and AICPA exam. , it would be the most poor book I have read up to now . The book is poorly prepared and organized . While it is organized in according with the exam . structure , it is still difficult for the reader to follow . Most concepts have insufficient explanation . While some notations have not been clearly explained , some topics are explained -LRB- or jumped -RRB- very fast without proper elaboration . Some examples are even not supported by adequate reading before the examples and the explanation can only be found in the answers . Thus , it has made a chapter in pieces and then becomes difficult for the reader to memorize . I doubt why GARP recommend it to the candidates since 2000 and whether it is suitable and sufficient for exam . preparation purposes . I suggest some serious candidates may be required to refer to other textbooks and even myself has such planning .
 This book cost me the FRM last year . I made it the center of my study program . The book 's writing is atrocious ; there are gaps in what is covered ; and there are many errors and misstatements . I wasted six weeks struggling with this book . When I finally realized my mistake , it was too late to rescue my study program , and I failed the exam . I am very disillusioned with Jorion and GARP . This shoddy , overpriced paperback makes me think they are in it just for the money . This year , I have signed up for the CFA exam instead . So far , I have been very impressed with their study materials .
 It 's not a good exam guide.However , we have no choice .
 Not detail in explaining conceptsToo few numerical examplesContent far too simple to be a desktop ref . in the dealing rm.Poor editing and formatting90 % similar to the earlier edition .
 This book is sloppy and riddled with errors . Coverage of topics is uneven . The author delves into some subjects but tap dances around others . You do n't need this book for the FRM . I do n't recommend it .
 Many reviewers have commend that this book is poor in organization and explanation , I do n't want to repeat . But one thing I would like to remind the potential buyers that this book includes all the past exam questions of FRM . I believe that it is the only attractive point of this book.But the explanation of the answers of the past questions are also not very good .
 This book is misleading . Contains impressive amount of errors , that leads readers to learn wrong concepts . I am starting to doubt that this book was written by a Phd . Or if it was , then lets revoke his title . Hope they release some decent review on this .
 It is the worst risk management book I have ever read . Poor organization and explanation , make the matter difficult to be understood . It is a very disappointing book suggested by GARP . I am a CFA charter , I have good knowledge in most of the subjects , I still think difficult in reading this book because of its poor explanation .
 This book is not on the FRM reading list . The author already has one book for the GARP exam , and this one covers all the same material in much the same manner . There is little that is new here . It is just regurgitating the same stuff . The message seems to be that , if you ca n't make sense of his first book , you should shell out $ 100 to give him a second chance . Save your money . It is not worth it .
 The title of this book is extremely misleading.It 's packed full of stupid things like `` medicine ball biceps curls , '' `` triceps extensions , '' `` good mornings , '' etc. . . These are not plyometric exercises ! Basically it 's an excuse to use a medicine ball for classic weight lifting moves.Combined with this are some very basic throwing moves , of which I was hoping for more of.The drawings are of course crude stick figures , and the directions are weak.I 'm returning this book.A little imagination will go a longer ways than this book .
 The story contained in this book is excellent , but the book itself is junk . It appears that is was visually scanned from and older and more narrowly formatted print and then pasted into this print with little to no error checking . The worst result of this is that every word that was hyphenated across two lines in the original text appears broken and hyphenated even though it is now in the middle of a line -LRB- e.g. hyphen - ated -RRB- . You will also see occasional misreads such as a number 1 in place of a lowercase `` L '' . Find another printing .
 I bought this book for my collection because it was advertised as containig `` twelve full color prints by Thomas Mackenzie '' . Sadly , the Mackenzie prints are absent , they are , however , listed in the front of the book under `` illustrations '' , complete with page numbers , just no wonderful Mackenzie prints.This is the `` River City Press 1978 reprint ''
 The soft back edi - tion of this book is full of misedit - ed copy -LRB- full of sep - arated text -LRB- annoying is n't it ? -RRB- . It also does not have the publication date or a full title page . I wrote a report using the date of 2006 because that was the only date I could find . Lastly , whole portions of text are missing from this edition . My advice , spend the extra money and get a different edition .
 I have older versions of the Crock of Gold . I bought this one as a gift for a friend . Reviewing the text , every page averaged about two incorrectly hyphenated words throughout the whole book . It seems the `` publisher '' just scanned a version of Crock of Gold using OCR , and then incorrectly reformatted the words into this new edition . The problem is that where the original version of the book used had hyphenated words where there was a line break , this version kept the same hyphenated words , but these words were not at a line break.Page 1 examples
 I purchased the e-version of this book to be read on my Kindle . There were numerous spelling errors where two words had been combined into one . The further intothe book theworse it got . Two to three errorsper page . I believe a spell checkwould have pickedthese allup .
 I recently took up the hobby of reading `` classics '' instead of teenage dramas or mysterys . 1984 was second on my list . But now I 'm left wondering why is this book a classic ? This book was descriptively crude with its love affair and prostitute , redundant with its thoughts and routine , and overall dull . I admit that this book did have a good message and was thoroughly enforced from the beginning to end . However , thats all that happened.It was just thoughts of a sad man with perverse and suspicouis thoughts . The main character constantly dwelled on how horrible everything was and eventually how he was going to fight against it . But never did , unless you count having an affair and writing in a journal or buying an old paperweight.At times the story would pick up , and just as quickly as it picked up it drastically fell back into the continuous complaints of Winston .1984 is well written . I guess , there were quantities of complex words tied in with a new language created within the book -LRB- Newsspeak -RRB- . Keep your dictionary handy.The chararcters also lacks personality . They were so 2 deminsional.Overall it was impossibly hard to follow , and paragraphs could be skipped and you wouldnt miss a thing.Not to mention that tragic ending . No steps were made toward anything ! It stops about were it left off except Winston loves BB and loves his torturor.This book was an overrated classic and a big fat FLUB !
 While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature , the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes . Thus , it does n't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say , Michael Crichton or Stephen King . Aesthetic standards ca n't be grounded.Thus , do n't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between `` serious '' works of literature like this one and allegedly `` lesser '' novels . The distinction is entirely illusory , because no novels are `` better '' than any others , and the concept of a `` great novel '' is an intellectual hoax . This book is n't as good as Harry Potter in MY opinion , and no one can refute me . Tastes are relative !
 This book only plays with our mind .
 Okay , it was kind of thought-provoking , and I do admit that comparing the `` unpersons '' to the exile of Moses in the movie The Ten Commandments was interesting , but the book lost its intellectuality after a quarter way through it . The beginning was interesting , though morbid , but it just goes downhill . The main character , Winston , daydreams about raping Julia , who later becomes his dirty mistress . Then about a hundred pages later , they get caught by the Thought Police , thrown into `` prison , '' and are brain washed . That 's pretty much what happens.I just finished printing out my summer book report for this book . If in honors English they gave you a choice between this book and a book about a snail slithering across pavement , I would pick the latter . I think it 's absolutely disgusting that just about every book that we had to read in freshman English had sex in it . The one book that did n't have sex in it was To Kill a Mockingbird , but then that had accused rape in it -LRB- that was actually the one book I liked -RRB- . I 'm tempted to raise my hand on the first day of class and ask who was the idiot who decided that we should read this book , but I think it may have been the teacher I 'm going to get . Hehehe ...
 1984 by George Orwell , is the most BORING book I ever read for school . To me the plot was not interesting , the characters were useless and the time period ... . Although the idea of the government controling everything is scary and most likely true it just did n't have any emotions to make it good . For a book to be good it needs to have emotions , and this book lacked them , and there was also no dialouge which to me is important.KNOT
 I read this book in 8th grade . It was fairly easy to read and was not too hard , but it was by far the most boring and pointless piece of literature that I have ever read in my 15 years of life . I MUCH would have rather read a Case Note!If you are considering purchasing this book , I thouroughly discourage it . If you MUST read something by George Orwell , read Animal Farm . It is a pretty good book ...
 If you havent been forced to read this book while in school , or hadnt had a chance to grab it at the library , run while you can . 1984 might have been scary 100 years ago , but not now . If you like reading about old people think they are beating the system by saving a PAPERWEIGHT , then by all means ... The book has multiple plot holes as well . Beware the `` government runs the world unchallenged , but still needs to brainwash old people '' hole . Read something else instead ... ANYTHING ELSE !
 1984 is a fictional novel by George Orwell . The book is a story of Orwell 's prediction of the world in the future -LRB- 1984 -RRB- . In this story , we are taken to a society that is governed by an oppressive force known as `` The Party , '' and an intangable ruler known only as `` Big Brother . '' The main character , Winston Smith , spends his time throughout the novel trying to overthrow The Party and Big Brother , while running from the `` Thought Police , '' a justice department that monitors the thoughts of citizens of Oceana , the predicted future state of London , England . Winston fails in his attempts . He is captured , set up by people whom he believed to be on his side , and is later brainwashed into loving and following Big Brother.Great attitude George . I truly believe that Orwell 's sole purpose for writing this novel was to encourage anarchy , and to convince his readers to be subordinate to authority . Though society and government are not perfect , they are not as evil and as oppressive as Orwell made them out to be . He creates a negative Utopia in hopes to make people hate their leaders and to disagree with any form of government . It is because of people like Orwell that our nation , as well as other nations , are so dramatically torn by the opinions of citizens towards their leaders , and their leader 's decisions . Also , at the end of this novel , Orwell leaves readers with a sense of hopelessness , by allowing his main character to be manipulated , tortured , and brainwashed into following what Orwell inderectly refers to as government . Let 's try to be a little more optomistic , and work on a happier ending , shall we ?
 1984 over all is a very boring book . Their are parts in the book that catch your attention but just for a while and then it just gets boring again . I do n't really like futuristic based books and the book 1984 is a perfect example why . I would n't recommend this book to any one , unless your into this type of genre . I give this book 1 * .
 Others may have loved and raved this book but for me , I just could not wait to finish it . I am surprised I even finished it because some books I 'll just stop reading it and move on to another book . I do n't see how this book became a classic because it was redundant in style . * 1984 * is futuristic in nature . Winston Smith is one of many who works for the Ministry of Truth and is constantly watched by the televised omnipotent Big Brother . Winston 's job is to distort or doctor the truths and facts that may contradict the Party.Discontent with his monitored life , he begins to secretly write in a journal which encourages him to think with critical analyses that would be viewed heretical by the Party . In addition , he meets Julia which they initiate sexual escapades , also in secret.Predictably , Winston and Julia are captured by the Party . Winston goes through torture to which the Party oversees in order to condition him back to Party 's mission and beliefs.The plot is fairly simplistic but with redundant lines . `` Oceania has always been war with Eastasia . '' `` Freedom is slavery . '' `` Big Brother is watching you . '' In other words , it was nothing but a lot of nonsensical fillers.Overall , I would not recommend this book to anyone .
 When I first started reading this book I knew it was going to be depressing . I knew Orwell was writing it to warn the world of the dangers of a totalitarian society , and he wanted to make it as horrible and realistic as possible . And the things that happened in the book were horrible , very horrible , but they were n't all realistic.I thought it was a good book up until where Julia and Winston were arrested . I think that 's where Orwell stopped being realistic and he started letting his own cynical feelings get in the way of his writing . Orwell had a very sad life , and he was a depressed , bitter , and cynical man . It is good that we were warned about what the world could become , but realistically no government could ever control you to the extent that that government controlled Winston and Julia . When O'brien was torturing Winston he could read Winston 's every thought . He knew Winston 's every fear every doubt , and every feeling . He even knew what terrified Winston most in the world . He knew everything . He took something so precious from Winston . Someting that most of us take for granted . He took Winston 's private innermost thoughts and changed them to fit the Party 's ideals . I hated the ending to that book . That was the worst imaginable ending possible . If he would have lost everyting and been killed , but at least have died knowing that the Party was wrong I would have been happy . I think Julia was right . They ca n't get inside you.Another thing I found unrealistic was when O'brien spoke of how the party wanted only pure unadulterated power . Human nature has not changed in all the time humans have been on this earth . We are still selfish people that tend to want to go our own way , and do our own thing . It 's unrealistic that whoever started the Party would desire only that people in the inner Party have only total power . The inner Party 's only desire was to keep the Party alive and strong . Somewhere along the way someone would be selfish , and mess things up . I see Orwell 's point on how a government can become so dangerously dominating and oppressing , but Orwell carried that idea too far . He carried it to the utmost extreme .
 I had never read 1984 and was very excited to do so only to regret purchasing this edition . In the forward -LRB- by thomas pynchon -RRB- the entire ending is revealed in great detail . I knew what to expect through the entire book and I really wish that I could get my money back . Dont buy the centennial edition , or at least dont read the forward if you want a nice surprising read .
 I really enjoyed the story , however , the Akasha printing is horrible . Throughout the entire book there are extra spaces between words and sometimes dashes where there should n't be any . For example , I just picked up the book to a random page and the following sentence reads
 This is the second time I 've been forced to read this book for aclass , and I have to ask , `` What 's the point ? '' Maybe if you live in a country that 's a monarchy , this book 's worth reading , but this is * America * , ok ? The whole reason we live in a democracy is so that we the people do n't have to worry about things like this . `` Brave New World '' played up the science fiction aspect of it 's `` futuristic '' setting , and I thought that book worked much better . Orwell 's lecturing on politics was ok one time around -LRB- `` Animal Farm '' -RRB- , but this book gets so bogged down in a million issues that just do n't matter -LRB- `` double-speak ? '' Who cares how people choose to talk -- we should be able to talk to each other however we want -RRB- and gets lost . If you want to read Orwell when he actual has something to say , try `` The Road to Wigan Pier , '' which acutally is enlightening , not this preachy homily of something that never happened . It 's 2000 . 1984 was a bad movie with Michael J. Fox .
 This is a good example of the fact that pessimistic and shocking books often receive rave criticism while dynamically optimistic books are dubbed `` unrealistic '' ... NO further comment .
 `` 1984 '' is hailed as the greatest novel of all time . I disagree . Had this been written at a different time , it would have been hailed differently . The fact remains , however , that this was the Cold War and everyone hated Communism . Thus anything that was against it , no matter how false or trivial , was inflated beyond belief . This was n't limited to 1984 ; it was present in the case of Solzhenitsyn . Solzhenitsyn wrote a well-written anti-Soviet novel , therefore Solzhenitsyn was hailed as a hero of democracy , even though his subsequent books were mediocre . I do not believe that 1984 is a travesty because it lacks action . I believe that this book is a travesty because it is false.People say that this novel had an exquisitely crafted plot which readers such as myself are too daft to comprehend . They may be right . However , Orwell did not craft this exquisite plot . It was gleaned from Zamyatin 's _ We _ , for starters . Secondly , this was the topic of the day . _ Everyone _ was writing about how bad and evil communism was . _ Everyone _ was taking pain to diffuse the utopian philosophies of the previous century . The societies of 1984 and Brave New World are very similar . 1984 and Animal Farm are the same book with the names changed . As I stated originally , the characters of the two novels are identical . Napoleon is Big Brother , or perhaps O'Brien , Boxer is Winston , Snowball is Goldstein , Squealer is Mr. Charrington , etc. . Orwell plagiarized himself , Zamyatin , and countless other authors who wrote about the exact same thing.Orwell was not meaning to denegrate the theory of communism , becuase he was not familiar with the theory of communism . He was meaning to denegrate Russia and socialism and show them exactly the way the West portrayed them . It makes no difference that he was at some point a member of the Communist Party . If you read Richard Wright 's _ Black Boy _ , you will see several Americans who were in the American Communist Party , yet did n't know the ideals they claimed to represent . They were in it for the fun . Ditto George Orwell.People say that Orwell had to understand a theory that was developed in his own country . I say
 While embarking on this `` classic , '' do n't expect to find yourself absorbed in a magnificant tale . 1984 is a redundant novel with unnecessary tangents and pages of contradicting philosophy . ... and must we really keep reading in full detail the horror and disgust of Winston 's vericose veins ?!
 Orwell is one of the most overrated novelists of this century . He 's nothing more nor less than a second-rate hack who profiteered by preying on the worst fears of modern man . Today , his book is the modern bible of the paranoid disgruntled white male and other conspiracy nutcases . Yet another fairy tale , albeit a grown-up one , warns us to LOOK OUT for that proverbial boogy man -- Big Brother , in this case , being the latest in a long line of aliases he goes under . Perhaps Orwell 's `` Newspeak '' should include these additions
 Can not say that I enjoyed reading this book , because I did not approve of a lot of the things the author included . However , I did find some of the main points interesting to create a story . But definitely not the type of good book to read , nor would I recommend it .
 I read this book about 15 years ago in high school , and did not enjoy it . I thought I 'd give it another try now , to see if I 'd view it in a different and wiser perspective . Given the rapidly expanding government of today along with the weak economic situation , I thought I would be able to draw some parallels from this book in relation to the modern world.Having finished it , I feel thoroughly disappointed . While I grasp the ideas the author attempts to convey to the reader , I feel it is done in the poorest context ever . The story is so utterly mundane and boring that I found my mind drifting from the story to more interesting things - like my fingernails and shoe laces . The characters are so disconnected and the relationship between them and the reader so weak , that even at the end of the book I could not get myself to care about Winston -LRB- main character -RRB- enough to give a crap about whether he lived or died . The ideas and their implications in the book are deep but are presented so poorly that I would compare it to the reading of a dictionary , or a ceiling fan warranty manual , only less interesting . It did not take long for me to remember why I hated reading this in school.For the life of me I can not understand why this book is so highly regarded in the world of literature . Yes , it has ideas that could cause one to have complex thoughts on many levels , but I found that the actual reading of this book was so awfully boring that it totally negated anything positive that could be derived from this novel . The main character is subjected to a great deal of torture at the end of the book ... and so is the reader - as I found that the only thing more painful than the torture was reading about it . George Orwell is no wordsmith and his style of writing stinks and flows like verbal diarrhea . It even leaves a bad aftertaste , as diarrhea should , preventing one from revisiting the ideas in the book due to the runny , turd-like substance that Orwell considers to be the storyline.The ideas in this book have seen many embodiments since its publication . From `` Demolition Man '' to a certain episode of `` The Outer Limits '' , all of them FAR more interesting than Orwells ' own writing , even if the ideology of the message being somewhat diluted when compared to the original . The moral of the story is hard to care about when the story itself sucks . I have to wonder , what kind of sad people chose this book to be mandatory reading in our public schools ? What was going thru their minds ? `` I 'm am so miserable and everyone should be too , so I will make them suffer by reading this ! `` I remember dissecting the meaning of the novel in school , for over a week . Any book that takes that long to understand is unclear and poorly written . I do n't mind a convoluted message as long as the story is good , and in this case it is NOT . I can sum up the entire story in a few pages , but Orwell stretches it out to the point of nausea . I have read many other books from the 50 's era and none were this boring . I actually have the `` New Edition '' , and while I 'm not sure what they changed , I feel like it should be advertised on the cover `` Now less interesting !!! '' the way cereal boxes advertise `` Now 50 % more !!! '' . I highly recommend this book if you have a melatonin deficiency and have trouble sleeping .
 Orwell is not my favorite author , obviously . 1984 may have been the crux of his career , but for me it is the worst book ever . It is most obviously an attempt at satire of communism . The thing here is , does the author or any of his readers know what communism is?There are so many parallels between 1984 and Animal Farm , his other acclaimed book . Big Brother is Napoleon , of course . -LRB- parody of Stalin -RRB- Snowball is Goldstein -LRB- parody of Trotsky -RRB- . The windmill is the Flying Fortress , what keeps being rebuilt over and over . There is little original about this novel.How do the numerous sexually abundant scenes in this book help its role as a satire ? All that happens is Winston has sex with Julia . There is a constant war with a country , and the hint is that Oceania is THE only country in the world . Does this hint that communism creates a warlike society?Communism in its true form is a state no government has yet achieved . It occurs when the level fo technology becomes so great that machines do all the dirty work -LRB- i.e. growing crops , making clothes -RRB- and humanity can devote itself to higher , sophisticated pursuits , like drama or science . It is originally a state of peace , not war . There is no money in a society . There is no government , because everyone can do what they want to do . So bleak compared to Orwell 's paranoia . Communism is too often regarded as the `` bad thing . '' Nobody really understands it . Did Orwell ? The fact that he was once a member of the Communist Party makes no difference . As Richard Wright pointed out , Americans in that party hardly understood it either .
 This book 's reputation as a classic reveals less about the book than it does about the shallowness and mediocrity of many book critics . It is crude , heavy-handed , superficial propaganda .
 I found 1984 to be an intriguing book . The plot of the book was interesting . How the author went about telling the story was too slow for me . I found it hard to pay attention while reading it . Throughout the entire book there were bits of intereseting parts followed by several paragraphs of , what i found to be , random information . I though it was a great plot but the storyline was n't to my liking .
 I was doing a research paper on the year 1984 , and according to my teacher , NONE of this actually happened.I got a flippin ' F.Last time I ever read a history book by this Orwell scrub.He does n't know a thing about the 80s . Not ONCE did he mention Def Leppard or Karma Chameleon.I gave my copy to a donkey.He said it was about communism.Ass .
 Amazon offered 1984 for its Kindle E-book reader , but then the electronic version 's publisher decided it did n't want to make the book available that way . So Amazon deleted the book from the Kindles of customers who had already purchased it and credited their accounts . A small problem
 Having grown up in the former Soviet Union , as soon as I started reading the book , I could tell immediately where Orwell drew his inspiration , as well as most details of peoples ' existence . Reading the book was like re-visiting my childhood , as well as refreshing my mother 's and grandmother 's stories of the soviet life in the 1950 's , all the brainwashings , terrible living conditions , propaganda , people disappearing in the middle of the night , etc. . Basically , Orwell took soviet reality of that era , and then took it a few notches up , and then twisted it some . Art imitates life , so to speak . I 'm not sure why everyone credits Orwell 's imagination , then . Either way , the book is extremely boring , the plot is almost non-existent , nothing is really going on , the -LSB- unlikely -RSB- love affair took half-the book to unfold , and it was n't even worth it .
 This particular piece of literature , entitled 1984 and written by Goerge Orwell , was 1980 boring . Being a seventeen year old teenager , with a mind of my own , made it extremely difficult to stay focused on something so morbid and -LSB- weak -RSB- as this so-called `` classic . '' I can sum up my thoughts of this book using few words ... Reading this book was like HELL ! And for those of you who are more visual , it was like trying to keep a white T-shirt clean while eating spaghetti . This book just did n't grab my attention . I simply could n't `` connect '' with the characters -LRB- Winston , Julia , Syme , O'Brien and Big Brother -RRB- . To me , they were all just a bunch of names and not `` real '' people . Many sections in the book allowed me to connect the book and the real world toegether like abortion and how the government is slowly becoming more apart of everyone 's daily life.BOTTOM LINE
 It was a very good description of life during anti-social time
 i give this book one star i had to read it for class and i know it 's suposed to be a `` classic '' but god itis awful . first of all its NOTHING like the future is probly going to turn out . second of all every one says the aurthor george orwell is so trippy and wierd but i think he 's just trying to cover up for the fact that HE CA N'T WRITE . please george do us all a faver and stop writing books .
 1984 is the worst book I have ever read . I would advise anyone who is thinking about reading this book to reconcider ! George Orwell is not a bad writer , however , this book he does not do evry well on , as some of his others . Prehaps he was getting old and lost his touch . Animal Farm was okay , but 1984 was horrible . It took him forever , it seemed like , to get into the accual book . If someone were to take out all of the useless part of 1984 , it would be half as long . Why would he wirte so much about nothing ? I havent ever meet someone who could wirte such a boring book about the goverment . I have meet many people who have loved this book , but i dispised it . I am not at all intrested in the goverment . This may be part of the reason that I didnt like it . I would advise you not to read this book .
 ISBN
 Okay , this review will have spoilers , I am sorry , but it 's the only way I feel I can make my point . I will say , without spoiler , that this book could have been amazing . I gave it two stars because the writing was very detailed . I could see it . I knew what the hall looked like , the house , the coral . I KNEW what he was seeing . But two stars is all I 'm giving for that , and here 's why ... I followed this book , I felt the build up and the suspense , I loved it four stars worth ... < spoiler > until he started reading Goldstein 's book . That 's when the story began to fall apart , when I realized that there was n't going to really be a story at all.At this point , it really felt like Orwell wrote everything up until then just so he could give a long drawn out speech about a society that could have been and if it had been , it would suck . And I think I may have still clung on to liking the book , I would have overlooked the lecture part , if at the end , there was something to walk away with , some point to the story other than ` if this happens , it will be bad ' . Yeah , it would . But this is a book , give me more than a lecture . There were just so many parts that I could not get on board with.Let 's start with his meeting with O'Brien . O'Brien told him that there would be no group meetings , there was not an organization . Winston would take his orders from O'Brien , himself , or maybe one or two other people . Though Winston held high suspicions of everything and everyone throughout the book , why not even a slight apprehensiveness here ? Why not question why he might have to throw acid into a child 's face or spread a venereal disease ? If you are questioning everything about your society and world , why blindly grasp on to this line of reasoning without even asking about it ? I understand that you are raised with a different set of standards and understandings , but you are telling me that you are suspicious of EVERYTHING else , but that this line of talk seems acceptable to you , and that you should blindly accept it ? No questions ? No sneaking worry that perhaps something is not right?And Julia in all of this ? In earlier conversations , she had stated quite clearly that she had no desire to rebel like this . She wanted to rebel mentally and sexually , but that was all . And yet , he denounced everything for her , he said that she would also throw acid in baby 's faces . She only spoke up when it came to them separating . Why ? She was a strong woman earlier , very strong in her stance on only being a rebel from the waist down . She knew that his form of rebellion is suicide . But now , in the presence of O'Brien , she was mousy . She apparently wanted this too and had not a word to say otherwise . Why ? Why , Julia , did you abandon EVERYTHING you had previously said , wanted , felt ... and done it blindly without discussion?Then came the book of boredom . I kept waiting to read something to the effect of `` so the government using mind control by lacing the Victory gin and using subliminal messaging in the Tele 's '' but no . Just Socia-Political garble again.Okay , so then they were caught . And it was O'Brien that was the Thought Police . Saw that coming after the meeting . And they start torturing Winston , okay ... but why ? O'Brien says to make you back to a good little follower so we can kill you then , as a believer ... You know , because that 's how we do it . We go through all this time and effort for no real end effect , just to kill you after you re-convert . Oh , and somehow , we can actually read your mind . Huh?And in the end , what was that ? He was a good little lazy boy ? What was the point of the whole thing ? Of him knowing society and the government was wrong ? Of him loving Julia ? Of any of it ? Why tell me a story like that ? If not one single thing came of it , what was the point ? There was nothing to hold on to , in the end . If , let 's say , he was that shell of a man , but had constant dreams of Julia , his perfect love , though he could not recall who she was ... only the feeling of that perfect happy ... I could hold on to that . If , he died with her name on his lips , I could hold on to that . If she turned out to be the bad guy , or O'Brien turned out to be the jackass he is but was ALSO Goldstein , or Goldstein was actually Big Brother , or anything that was actually a twist , a plot , or somehow monumental or even pretty big , I could hold on to that . But this story just ended kinda blah . It was just ` This guy thinks the government is wrong . He realizes they are jerks . Some hot chick likes him and they get together . He then makes a friend from work who he thinks hates the government too . He promises to do mean things to get back at the government if his friend asks him to . But what ? His friend ends up being a governmental prick and torturing him until he really likes the government . Then , he does n't like his girlfriend anymore and he gets to drink gin all the time and the government does n't change at all , and the girlfriend does n't really like him anymore either . The end . ' Where is the story in that?And I know ! I get flak because it 's revolutionary and deep and BIG BROTHER and all that . But I 'm holding my ground on this one . Two stars at MOST!Ug
 The Kindle Edition of 1984 is incredibly sloppy . There are some blatant typos I 'm surprised were n't noticed by editors , but the real slap in the face is when there are page numbers -LRB- from the print edition -RRB- in the middle of sentences that someone did n't bother removing when they copy/pasted the book from whatever was on file .
 I was depressed for a week after I finished completing this novel . The torture that the protagonist endures is just too much to digest . I can only be thankful that this terrifying vision has n't come to fruition ... yet.Oddly enough , as I was trying to finish the final 100 pages of this book , I began reading `` The Partner '' , which also has the main character endure series of torture to get him to crack .
 I read george orwells book 1984 . I didnt really like this book due to the fact it was a total negative outlook throughout the whole book . His prediction of the future was a little to far fetched for me . That book wasnt really my style . I can see this book being liked by many people so I would recommend it due to the fact everyone has different opinions . This book being such a negative outlook of the future just wasnt what i wanted to read about .
 By giving it 2 stars I 'm not saying the book had no affect on me , 2 stars means it 's ok , now my review.When I read Animal Farm by George Orwell , I was blown away , it was a great book , with such a great meaning behind it . So when I decided to read 1984 , I was hoping it 'd be better , but when I started reading it , I almost fell asleep . It is said to have a warning for Governments behind it , and I guess in 1943 it did , but in the year 2000 , I dont think it warns anyone . He was trying to say , that when a government or anyone tries for a Utopia -LRB- perfect place -RRB- that it falls in on them , and can never work out . Just like The Giver , by Lois Lowry , that book was very good , where a boy grows up in a town where it 's all black and white , and people ride bikes everywhere . The people ride bikes so there is no pollution , and also because they dont leave their little town , it blew me away , and maybe you should read it , if you already have n't . But as for 1984 I dont know , I guess I was expecting too much , and did n't get what I was hoping for.Jesse
 I think that this book is a bad book . Not only is it unrealistic , but also a boring book . Orwell has an imaginative mind , I must say , but thuis book talks about 1949 , when he published it when there were such things as totalitarism . How could he know it would still be the exact same thing in 1984 ? This book also has strange events . The author skipped around too many times . At one sentence , he would be in the appartment in Winston 's home , and without telling a reason for it , he would be some where else . The book is also boring . There is not enough action and suspense to make the reader willing to read it .
 1984 is a classic . any aducated man and woman in the western world should at least here about it . George Orwell was a major political writer in the 20th century , his novels read by millions.However , 1984 os not by any means a good read . Its plot is incredibly weak , shallow and unitresting - but its not a story we wanted to read , its an opinion we expacted to learn.and you will learn - Orwell leaves no way for you , the reader , not to understand his point . Its annoying . evreything , evrey single metaphore , or situation , or element of the book is epxplained throughly and lengthly . nothing is lrft for the reader to figure out by himself . at times , the didactive tones of the book make it feel more like an elborate sort of lecture than an actual novle . the way things work in the book is radical , the point of view incredibly one sided and narrow , the conclusions unsurprising . overall , while the book has potential , Orwell 's insistance on using it as nothing more than a conduit to pass his ideas through makes it a tedious read . on top of evreything , what little story we get is full of plotholes and pushd my way over the cliffs of my suspense of disbelief .
 I think 1984 is not very interesting . The words are difficult . I had no clue what was really going on . It would be less boring if it was shorter and broken down so it would be easier to understand . You might like this book if you are interested in predicting the future and you can read lots of difficult words and know what they mean . Keep your dictionary close !
 I can understand that maybe in the wake of Nazism and under the continuation of Stalinism , the message of this book might have seemed more relevant than it in fact is . Looking past that overplayed message , though , it 's difficult to detect the kind of substance , complexity of theme and depth of character which ought to make a classic . The writing is decent , but it 's time to stop touting it as something everyone should read . There 's no need whatsoever to read it ; get the three-sentence summary from someone who has
 This book is old , gross looking . cover page is torn . . the condition is definitely NOT GOOD . . Got this book for $ 4 ... It 's not worth more than 25 cents for sure .
 This book is essentially the same as `` The Brave New World '' but expressed in a totally different way . Somehow , I like the `` The Brave New World '' better . It gave me a totally different view .
 Ok , just where to begin . First this digital download version is a joke . Someone did not format correctly . Each line is either double or triple spaced , even if you change font . Why stop there ? Why not put a word per page?I would like to return the digital download , but can not find a phone number to speak with someone . Or a mechanism to return it .1984 is a good read . Content is good , presentation , not so much .
 Doubleplusgood
 1984
 1984 is a very creative and well written book , Winston Smith the main character who is an insignifacant member or the ruling party in London in the nation of Oceania . Everywhere he goes he is video taped by cameras of the so called `` Big Brother '' party . This books talks about Winston on how he thinks what the `` Big Brother '' does is unfair . I enjoyed reading this book , it was very creative and well written . It makes me appreciate what I have in life . I also wound n't like the situation that Wiston is put by being watch all the time . I reccommend this book to people who are willing to sit threw some boring parts and who love science fiction . Overall it was a good book , but I do n't think Iam ever going to want to read this book again .
 Attempting to read this book is worse than watching the grass grow . At least the grass will become something you enjoy . The title and plotline of the story intrigued me to read it . Do n't get me wrong , if well-written , this storyline could be very interesting . But even after just ten pages , the only thought going through my mind was `` When will this guy shut up and tell the story ??? '' The plot comes in a distant second to the narrator 's monotone , seemingly unending monologue . If I could withstand this , I believe I would have enjoyed it . But forgive me for not having that kind of patience for hundreds of pages .
 I READ THE BOOK `` 1984 '' BY GEORGE ORWELL . tHE BOOK WAS ABOUT A GUY NAMED WINSTON WHO FOUND A DIARY AND WROTE HIS FEELING IN IT WHICH WAS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN . I THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS RATHER BORING AND CONFUSING TO READ . I DIDNT UNDERSTAND MOST OF THE THINGS HE WAS TALKING ABOUT . WHEN READING THE BOOK I SUGGEST THAT YOU PAY CLOSE ATTENTION SO THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT COMPLETELY AND WONT BE CONFUSED .
 I have just finished reading 1984 by George Orwell . On the surface it seems to be an interesting glance at the `` future '' that our grandparents envisioned . This however could not be farther from the truth . 1984 is in fact a lame , boring , and novel that attempts to be philosophical . I say `` attempts '' because any useful words of philosophy are lost or choked by the presence of Winston , the lame , spine-less main character who seems intent on boring the reader to death . Orwell attempts to make Winston likable but his acts of stupidity -LRB- i.e. trusting in a world where trust really should be earned -RRB- and lack or actions , other than sexual , make the reader hate him.However , even in the face of utter boredom and disgust , there are a few good things about this book . Number one would have to be the setting . The book is set in a `` future '' London . It is filled with small , aging apartments where Party members live , dark slums and alleyways for nonparty members , and large , imposing government buildings . You can almost visualize this London and replace it with the London of today . Number two would have to be that this book allows Westerners to get a feel for life under a dictatorship , such as life in Russia under Stalin and Germany under Hitler . This makes it a great book to read to understand such a life and appreciate the freedoms of democracy.In short , 1984 is nothing more than a second rate book attempting to develop profound , intelligent themes . However , these themes are lost in the monotony of the book and the reader gains only a better understanding for life under a dictatorship and appreciation for the freedoms of democracy . On a scale of 5 stars , I give this book 1 star for its attempts at philosophical content and its insights into dictatorships . It also makes a great substitute for a sleeping pill because it 'll put you out like a light and is not habit forming .
 George had a good idea , I 'll give him that , otherwise the book fell short . Very short . For me the book took a downword turn during the time where Winston started having a love affair with some girl . This girl latter became a thought police inforcer , which surprised me none . I found the book to be a bore of a read and very predictable . My advise to all of you fair readers is to steer clear of this vile book . You will live longer because of it .
 I have never read a bigger piece of garbage in my entire life . For the people who read and enjoyed this book ... GET A LIFE !
 George Orwell 's book 1984 is a wonderful book set in England 's future if WW II never stopped . The main character in the book , Winston , is an ordinary worker at a regular office in England . The catch is he can remember the past some what . In England 's future it is ruled by an all knowing man named Big Brother of BB in new speak -LRB- the language of oceania earlier called England -RRB- . Once Winston realizes this chick named Julia likes him he and she start secretively dating which is against the rules of the party . Winston finally realizes what is going on with society and BB . Winston and his girlfriend finally get the nerve and take a chance and join the resistance against the party . In the end it does n't turn out how he expects it to be but was inevitable.The book was a great read and a good use of time . I personally think big brother is the man . Even though it was a school assignment to read it was great .
 Give me a break . The writing was lousy , the concepts and ideas were questionable ... sorry , but one star is pushing this book.Orwell underestimated the human animal and its tenacity in the face of oppression ... his complete and utter takeover of society w / `` Big Brother '' just would n't last , even if it could happen.People have oral histories ... ones you can not erradicate ... just ask various peoples around the world who survived oppression despite attempts at stopping their stories and changing their cultures.Let Orwell 's work die as a curiosity ...
 Goerge Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is nothing more than a sorry man 's method of taking out his anger at the world . Oh , sure , it is well written , but people make it into so much more than it really is . It is dark , depressing , and I finished reading it feeling like less of a human than when I started . Why is it that a work of literature that is so empty and void of any meaning is considered to be one of the best ? I dont understand .1984 is one of the biggest cult classic ever . The only difference is that some people say `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show '' is very good , and some say it is very bad . I have only heard revered praise for `` 1984 '' . It is innacurate , too . In `` 1984 '' the government influenced people 's minds , taking away their free will . In reality , that is not possible . When the Soviet Union collapsed , even those born into communism helped construct a democracy . Also , in `` 1984 '' the party is completely invinsible . It will remain in power forever . History tells otherwise . ALL empires fall . Humanity has been war-torn since it 's beginning , and after 5000 years , the world has managed to not be controlled by `` Big Brother '' . Quote from `` 1984 ''
 Why do they make high school kids , whose lives are already fraught with uncertainty and uneasiness , read such depressing books ? I suppose back in the 1950 &#34; s this was a fresh new picture of totalitarianism , but today pick up any newspaper and you see this story all over our modern world . It 's not that I think Orwell is n't relevant , it 's just that I think high school English teachers could do a little research , find books that are well-written , expand horizons , but that lift people up , not depress them . Maybe books that would help kids , at their vulnerable age , to laugh , become wiser , and look at others with more compassion . &#34; Cold Sassy Tree &#34; comes to mind . Something with warmth , humor and wisdom , rather than bleakness .
 Something like that could never happen in my country I 'm happy in communist China
 I say the book is unrealistic , but that 's not what I mean . It 's not that his characters could n't exist . It 's more a problem of verisimilitude -- that is , he states the problem , and THEN HE DEVIATES FROM IT ! The populace in 1984 -- they 're supposed to be much like his `` modern people '' of ' 48 . But it 's just too darn blatant to make it seem real . And why is good ol' `` common man '' Winston disbelieving ? It 's thoroughly improbable . I realize he was talking about communism , but communism was a great deal subtler than that . It 's nowhere near the realistic depictions of the future by science-fiction writers , but because the science-fiction writers were n't respected , and Orwell was a Prominent Social Critic , look what we 're stuck with -- the paranoid fevered dream of a madman masquerading as a prophet .
 1984 , by Georgee Orwell , is not fun to eat although cheese is . The book itself is uninterestring and the text is plain like water . Some parts of the book are ok but the rest is lame . The things it talks about can be related to the events that are going on today and events that have happened . It shows how totalitarianism works and how it feels to always be watched . So in some sense it is educational but I would certainly not choose this book to read if i was n't forced like in this situation . All of my friends that read this book said the same thing , `` Boring ! '' Students that are into more action and adventure will not enjoy this book .
 This book 's reputation as a classic reveals less about the book than it does about the shallowness and mediocrity of many book critics . It is crude , heavy-handed , superficial propaganda .
 At first I did like the book . Then it just started to suck right around the time when Winston was getting sexually involved with his girl friend . I hated the book so much that I forgot her name . The first hundred or so pages i liked , then it just got really boring . So II highly reccomend that you DO NOT READ THIS BOOK . And please for the love of God do n't read that `` Brave New World '' book by Hoxley . It is twice as worse as 1984 . To put it bluntly , DO N'T READ ANY GEORGE ORWELL . Your just waisting your time .
 Unlike Mr Orwell apparently , I can actually remember 1984 and believe you me some of his recollections of the era are well off the mark . There were no such things as Memory Holes , was no such country as Eurasia and Big Brother did not hit our screens until 1999 . I also find it staggering that there was no mention of Rubiks Cubes or the film Spies Like Us . On the other hand I did approve of some of the stricter measures bought in to promote sensible behaviour in the office which were advocated in this book .
 This book had a good warning about futur totalitarian government but it was way too wordy . I had too much description and was really boring at the beginging that it took me a while to get through it . The love affair was discusting and the torture and Winston 's viens were discusting and horrifying . . Thats it
 This is a boring polemic that provides absolutely no insight into actually existing models of state repression . In any case , everybody 's moved over to the American model , so Orwell 's scrawlings would do well to stick around on their crusty little island .
 Okay all this book was about was random sex , the destruction of human nature , and the ending of all morales . However I must admit that Orwell had a prphetic sense when it camr to the idea of being watched constantly by the government . This book lacked a decent plot as well . THS BOOK SHOULD NOT BE READ UNLESS YOU LOVE THE DESTRCTION OF THE WONDERFUL HUMAN NATURE GOD CREATED .
 As a summer reading assignment , I was assigned this book to read and appreciated Orwell 's sense of imagination . I reccomend this novel to anyone who is interested in the world of make believe . People who appreciate descriptive writing will certainly enjoy reading this novel . However , this novel will probably not appeal to people who enjoy novels that tell stories . I found the novel extremely boring because it is all about Orwell 's vision of an unstable society , it does not give the reader the desire to read on .
 Personally , I enjoy novels in which I can relax . 1984 let me do anything but that . Not only is the book overly detailed , but quite borring . Unless it 's assigned , I would n't suggest it .
 This is a very well written book , I just had trouble understanding it . The begining was n't too bad , but the more I read the less I enjoyed it .
 I read the book 1984 by George Orwell for my book report in school . This is a book targeted for an older audience than an eighth grader . Its main theme , I believe , is that we can not let our government have too much power . The government is controlling the peoples ' lives with a fist as tight as possible . If we allowed them to do this , we will fall into dispair . All in all , I did n't care for this book all too much . It was all kind of above my head . It used `` Newspeak , '' past experiences , and things that just did n't make any sense to to me . I understand that most people really enjoyed this book . Maybe when I get older I will uderstand it more .
 I love this book , it was a great read.However , there are simply too many mistakes , misspellings , etc in this version . This is the very worst edition of any book I have ever read . I started highlighting the mistakes on my kindle , but there were just too many and I gave up.Add to that that the chapters are not marked , and there is no proper index.If you do buy this horrible edition , be prepared to read around an obvious error every other page or so.Some examples include : `` There were four others oil the committee '' `` And they would sit round die table `` Bottom Line
 Nothing needs to be said about 1984 as a story - it 's an excellent read.However , the publisher should be ashamed of the `` Kindle edition '' of this great novel . Page numbers -LRB- which mean nothing on a Kindle -RRB- frequently show up in the middle of sentences . It seems that the publisher scanned the paper text , ran it through some OCR software , and published the work without a human reviewing it for quality .
 I am going to go against the grain with this one . There are many other reviews of the exact details of the plot , so I 'll just make a few comments as to why I think the book is limited in its overall social value , particularly in its assumptions about human nature . The book is set in a world of political totalitarianism that is so extreme as to become patently impossible.Whilst it may be true that the book serves as an educational warning against totalitarian thinking , and while yes it is well written and widely regarded as a classic and has numerous insights into the workings of political totalitariaism , I personally thought this book far too limited in its perspective of how human nature and society actually interact to justify its solid reputation.It is , in a nutshell , a very absorbing but deeply fatalistic analysis of political totalitarianism . The trouble is , is that this extremely fatalistic perspective is such a limited picture of how people actually think and operate , and how society actually functions , as to become self-defeating . For example
 I think this is one of the most overrated books I 've ever read.The idea of it and the detail put into it is admirable , but it lacks that special ` something ' that can make such serious/scary subject-matter hold my attention.I can understand the importance of the story , but Winston Smith was n't a character I cared for or found any interest in whatsoever . And although the boook made me dislike Big Brother and The Party -- the fact that the proles and even the disagreeing members of the Party did n't care enough to attempt an uprising meant that I really did n't care about any of them .
 this morning at 235am dudes in ninja suits came into my house and stole my copy of this book . I was excited to read it before amazon.com stole it .
 I honestly dont like this book its just not the type of stuff i like to read . So any of you that are thinking about reading this if your favorite book is the twilight series , eragon or the vampire diaries you probably wont like it either . I only read it because i had to .
 While regarded as a `` classic '' by some literary scholars , 1984 is devoid of nearly every element of classical literature . The fall of Communism has erased nearly every trace of relevance this book may once have had . Its warnings of the evils of totalitarianism were overly alarmist by even Cold War standards and are even more so today . The absence of strong , 3-D characters makes even a man vs. society theme seem sorely lacking in depth . The only redeeming quality of this book may lie in providing future readers with an McCarthyist view of the evils of communism from the standpoint of a conservative 50s faux intellectual . If you 're looking for a deeper , better-written , and tremendously more entertaining book , try Orwell 's Animal Farm . Even walking , talking farm animals seem realistic compared to 1984 .
 The book has not much to say . It is just the common night-mares of its time . The contents can be discussed as a historical document .
 This book 's reputation as a classic reveals less about the book than it does about the shallowness and mediocrity of many book critics . It is crude , heavy-handed , superficial propaganda .
 `` 1984 '' by George Orwell was extremely boring . The text was so long and unelaborate . I think that the text could have needed some more details and more drama . I have heard many good things about this book , but aparently I was dissapointed after reading this . I had expected the same great literary work as `` Animal Farm '' which I had loved and read many times in highschool . I was greatly dissapointed with the redundent and unecessary words . I would definitely not recommend this book to someone who likes drama and more elaborate text .
 Orwell is one of the most overrated novelists of this century . He 's nothing more nor less than a second-rate hack who profiteered by preying on the worst fears of modern man . Today , his book is the modern bible of the paranoid disgruntled white male and other conspiracy nutcases . Yet another fairy tale , albeit a grown-up one , warns us to LOOK OUT for that proverbial boogy man -- Big Brother , in this case , being the latest in a long line of aliases he goes under . Perhaps Orwell 's `` Newspeak '' should include these additions
 George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four is all catchphrases , Big Brother , Thought Police and Newspeak and it is absolutely rendered down to a zero summation , a monumental ode to nothingness , an ideologically streamlined state of unbelievable being.Chris Roberts -LRB- speak -RRB-
 I hated this book . I hated having reasonably high expectations for a so-called classic , only to have to suffer through a drab chain of non sequitur events , thoroughly lacking any explanations at all . - Why did Julia fancy Winston , when he -LRB- per his own admission -RRB- was barely average looking ? In fact , he did n't having any redeeming qualities at all . Orwell builds up some interest by strongly suggesting an ulterior motive to her purported love interest , but turns out that she really just wanted sex -LRB- how exciting ! / sarcasm -RRB- . - Passing a note with `` I love you '' scribbled on it to a total stranger . Really ? What is she , 5 years old ? - All the ` truths ' about the world that the protagonist lives in are revealed via the long and detailed THEORY AND PRACTICE OF OLIGARCHICAL COLLECTIVISM . But later , O'Brien claims that the manifesto is false , written by himself . So the reader consumes those pages and pages of detail , formulating an elaborate mental picture of the novel 's world ... only to be told later that it is totally false . What was the point of all that detail then ? - OMG ! Can Winston really trust O'Brien ... considering that he 's , you know , a member of party whose prime modus operandi is deception ? Oh so O'Brien was lying all along and it was all a trap ?? Never saw that coming ... shocked !! - How could O'Brien have possibly known that Winston had mentally considered not incinerating a newspaper article once ? Can the thought police read minds also ? Why no explanation given for this ? - For a party that does n't think twice about liquidating political enemies or dissenters , why go through the long , torturous process to brainwash Winston ? Why not just get rid of him and render him another unperson ? - So Julia and Winston broke down and betrayed each other . Wow , how could they . . give in all that torture -LRB- described in excruciating detail , pun intended -RRB- ? Winston loses , Big Brother wins . Story over ! No deviation from the norm . No change to the status quo . No triumph of the underdog . Ok , I get it 's a dystopian novel . How about at least a respectable struggle , perhaps just barely and tragically failing in the end after coming so close ? ANYTHING that makes the reader care about the protagonists , or makes them special , or distinguishes them from the throngs of other miserable souls in said dystopia ? Nope!These are just a few of the most blatant ones . There is nothing redeeming about this novel ... an insipid plot , nothing endearing or even remotely interesting about any of the characters , no build-up , no unexpected twists which you could n't see coming from a mile away . In fact , the novel has nothing going for it other than pure shock value . Which it expertly cashed in upon by being released at a time when anti-communist sentiments were at their paranoid apex . In other words , it 's the cold war era literary version of a B-rated slasher flick . Really , if you do decide to read this book , scrutinize it objectively , and honestly ask yourself how you 'd rate it if you DID N'T have any prior knowledge of Orwell or this title .
 i ordered orwells 1984 on may 27 . my card was charged . i did not recieve book . where do i go for a refund ? steve
 1984 is a very creative and well written book , Winston Smith the main character who is an insignifacant member of the ruling party in London in the nation of Oceania . Everywhere he goes he is video taped by cameras of the so called `` Big Brother '' party . This books talks about Winston on how he thinks what the `` Big Brother '' does is unfair . I enjoyed reading this book , it was very creative and well written . It makes me appreciate what I have in life . I also wound n't like the situation that Winston is put by being watch all the time . I reccommend this book to people who are willing to sit threw some boring parts and who love science fiction . Overall it was a good book , but I do n't think Iam ever going to want to read this book again .
 Was n't it Andy Warhol who said art is what you can get away with ? I just finished `` 1984 '' a few hours ago and throughout its reading I had `` blasphemous '' thoughts like , `` This book is crazy . '' And , `` Orwell was crazy . '' And `` Orwell was a sadist AND crazy . '' Blasphemous thoughts because how dare anyone criticize such a `` classic '' and such a genius as George Orwell ! He was a `` genius '' alright , a genius at hoodwinking people into thinking he wrote a literary masterpiece . And readers please do n't tell me I did n't understand the book . I think I did . I just thought the extreme hyperbole and incredulity was just way , way `` over the top '' for any serious denunciation of the `` totalitarian '' form of government.As stupid and mean-spirited as our species is at times , I think it was ridiculous to cast `` mankind '' in such a low light as did Orwell in this book . Long before anything like Orwell 's `` Big Brother '' has attained such an unconscionable level of cruelity and sadistic power `` it '' , I 'm quite sure , will be overthrown . The human mind is far stronger , rational , and resilient I think than Orwell imagines it . It IS unfortunately quite malleable but not INFINITELY malleable , which I think it would have to be for such a nightmare as `` 1984 '' to become a reality.The most sickening part of the book in my estimation , while the graphic descriptions of Winston 's many tortures are sickening enough , is when he honestly and without the slightest modicum of doubt whatsoever proclaims that he LOVES `` Big Brother '' . Human beings are BETTER than this , and I do n't think they can ever be so controlled , brainwashed and manipulated as Orwell imagines they can be.I think the genius of Orwell , if such can be said of him , is that above all he wanted to SHOCK his readers . And in this he certainly succeeded . An Abstract Expressionist painter named Jasper Johns did much the same when he painted `` False Start '' , which essentially is nothing more than splotches of different colored paints splattered on a canvas . I think the painting is garbage , but it was sold in 2006 to an American hedgefund manager for $ 80 million dollars .
 I thought George Orwell 's 1984 was an `` ok '' book . I thought the book was just a little too far fetched for me . His prediction of 1984 was just so negative I found it really hard to get into it . It was difficult to read simply from lack of interest . I Think that this book may do wonders for other people though , it 's just not really my style . For the most part I 've always heard good things about this novel from other people . So just because I did n't think the book was that fantastic , do n't let that stop you . I would advise you to read this book to see if Orwell 's depiction of this strange negative utopia is for you .
 At the risk of being tarred and feathered for disliking a `` classic ... `` Orwell was a philosopher trying to be a novelist , and in my opinion he failed at both . The first third of the book is painfully slow and plot-less , in the middle third Orwell gave up on expressing his ideas through plot and had his main character `` read a book '' about the Big Brother society , and the last third is brutal and depressing . I think Orwell would have done better to simply write the philosophy book he had his character read and forget about the boring , contrived plot he attempted to create . Also , sex is such a common metaphor throughout the book that it was practically a fourth main character.The only reason I gave the book two stars is because it made me think about the influence of the Holy Spirit . Orwell was not a Christian , and as such saw the possibility of a future with no morals , no absolutes , and a useless , broken human spirit . I kept thinking , `` Even if society was like this , SOMEONE would still know truth and stand up for it . '' The reason I believe that is because of the Holy Spirit and God 's promise of a remnant . It is comforting to know that , no matter how bad our world gets , 1 -RRB- man was still created in God 's image and that image can not be completely snuffed out , and 2 -RRB- as long as the Holy Spirit and the church remains , there will always be those who recognize and stand up for truth . The Bible seems to indicate that the Holy Spirit and the church will someday be removed from the world , and the world of 1984 might not be too far off from what that could look like , except that I think it will be worse . I would say read the book if you want to ponder that , but it 's so poorly written I say do n't bother -- I 'm sure you can find something better .
 I read this book back in the ' 60 's and seeing the events unfolding with the election of Obama , I wanted to see how much of Orwell 's prediction are coming to fruition ... starting with the BIG SCREEN TV 's and now `` drones '' being used over American air space ... scary!The book itself is rather slow reading -LRB- have n't finished -RRB- written in the 1st person with attention to details so very good for the imaginative mind . Still curious as to the outcome as I forgot the ending . More when completed.Would I recommend this book ? depends , but not for everyone ... I liked reading `` The Help '' better with the character interactions ...
 The first copy of the book I received was not trimmed along the long side making it very difficult to turn the pages . I returned the book and received another one the next day -LRB- BTW Amazon 's replacement policy is great and their customer service is awesome as well -RRB- . The second copy of the book I received was also not trimmed along the long side . I was refunded for the book and purchased it elsewhere .
 The book 1984 is a dystopian novel , -LRB- a novel about a nightmarish world -RRB- set in the year 1984 , written by George Orwell . The setting of the book is Airstrip One , formerly London , England , and is ruled by a totalitarian ruler with the title Big Brother . The book is a commentary on communism . For example , the features of Big Brother are close to those of Stalin 's , and their political group is referred to as the party . The story line follows a Winston Smith , who is wary of the party 's rules and is thinking of rebellion . He first starts writing a diary , which is strictly illegal of the party . He meets up with two allies who share his quest , one a beautiful women and the other a member of the inner party , or the head of the group . But other than that , I ca n't say . This is as far as I 've gotten before this review was dueWhat I enjoy about 1984 is the suspense . You are never quite sure about what is going to happen next . The plot is a bit slow in the first few pages , but then gets faster as the book goes on . As for the characters , they are people you can relate to and you can always picture them in your head . The book will keep you on a train ride of suspense and intrigue as you read of the demolished world that could 've been in 1984 .
 OK , maybe Mr. Orwell intended it to be this way , but it still does n't hide the fact that this book moves incredibly slow compared to the author 's other works . I read this book because I remember thoroughly enjoying and understanding Animal Farm years ago , and this work was recommended by several of my friends . If you want an unrealistic view of a future that is totally morbid and depressing , check this out . Yes , this is science fiction , and just because some people call it a classic does n't mean I like it . If you want some of the best in this genre , I recommend ` Dune ' , by Frank Herbert , ' 2001
 really slow service ... . took me almost 3 weeks . And the cover is different the one displayed so are the page numbers .
 I thought it was a very dull and cheesy book . Every time I picked it up , I fell asleep . I had to read it for school , and it took forever to get here when I ordered it . Barely finished it in time .
 As is the custom of Barth , this book is informative but incredibly boring . The story of the Basseri is detailed and interesting but Barth has a style all his own and to say the least it is not engaging .
 As a molecular biologist & a HUGE red sox fan , I was very excited to see how Polidoro handled the controversy associated with his subject . Well , he did n't ... in the story as he presented it , there was no controversy , with the exception of a few animal rights activists . Are you kidding me ?!? The entire story was unbelievable , baseless , naive and repetitive . On top of that , it was also incredibly poorly written . Which brings me to the question I ask in my review title . Did anyone edit this book ? The dialog was cringe-worthy , the story flowed horribly and there were numerous grammatical errors . Not to mention the huge errors in timeline continuity ! My favorite involved a character telling her husband that she 's just found out that she 's pregnant , and attributes it to a sex act that took place over 8 months earlier in the story . How does an editor not catch that ? All in all , it 's typical of a book by someone who has what could be a very interesting topic , but thinks that all you need to do to write a good book is put together a happy ending story , and randomly plop in a bunch of lame pop culture , historical and geographical references -LRB- what do the swans in the public garden have to do with anything ?? -RRB- While clearly , based on other reviews presented here , there are people who enjoyed this book , I myself ca n't think of any audience for whom this novel would be appropriate . It was painful .
 Giving Sarah a lift from Loch Ness to London , the TARDIS picks up a distress signal and the Doctor lands the ship on Zeta Minor , a planet on the very edge of the universe . On this planet , an expedition seeking a new energy source has lost all but one of its members.However , when the Morestran Empire rescue expedition arrives , the Doctor and Sarah are prime suspects as the mysterious killers . But the planet has a very large secret , one which threatens the whole universe ... ` The Planet of Evil ' is one of those Doctor Who serials that so many people seem to love , but which leaves me cold -LRB- perhaps not a surprise , as it was written by Louis Marks , who also wrote ` Inferno ' , which falls into the same category . Novelisation has n't greatly improved the story in my eyes , and deprives us of the wonderful Zeta Minor jungle set.If you like ` Inferno ' , you 'll probably like this one far more than me .
 I bought this book to read to my son 's first grade class for Valentine 's Day . I was disappointed with the book to say the least . Every character that Louanne `` investigates '' as her possible secret admirer reacts to her very negatively . I think the story could have been told without shouting , name calling , food being dumped on her head and knockng her down . I would have much preferred more positive outcomes from each inquiry she made and do n't think it would have detracted from the story at all . In a day and age when we lack positive role models and struggle with ill mannered children , a book that reinforces that these behaviors exist and are acceptable is a disappointment . The only saving grace of this book is that it presents an opportunity to teach and emphasize that these behaviors are not acceptable .
 This book could be useful if the examples actually worked . I have barely reached the 50th page and all ready I have found more errors than should be allowed in an entire book . The examples are mis-quoted and several do n't work . The book might be more helpful if the proof reader knew enough on the subject to correct the more obvious errors . If you buy this book be ready to experiment with the syntax which may be close but not always correct .
 This book may be fine for someone that already understand web production but it is very frustrating for someone just starting out . There are numerous mistakes throughout . Examples are explained and then demonstrations of do n't match the explanation . Some of the examples do n't work because the syntax is incorrect . If you do n't all ready know how to use the commands explained in this book you will spend most of your time experimenting to correct the mistakes presented in this book .
 I would n't bother with this one . Although I am a big fan of LPs guide books , this phrase-book was not particularly helpful . 9 times out of 10 they did n't have what I was looking for and when they did it was a real hassle to find . The pronunciation guide was not that helpful but the food section was good . If you already have the guidebook you could probably get by w/out this , but if you feel you need something , get a used copy over there -LRB- or maybe an Amazon auction . -RRB- If you do get fed up with it -LRB- as I did -RRB- , it makes a very nice gift for a Thai friend . Next time I 'll bring a pocket dictionary . Hope this helped .
 After traveling using a Berlitz phrasebook in Italy , I went to Thailand , and bought the only one available -- Lonely Planet . It is terrible.The tone markers do n't make much sense . They are not intuitive.The Food section has something advertised as a `` menu decoder '' when it is really just the same section all over again . Compared to Berlitz 's food section for Italy , the LP guide is rather lacking.The Dictionary section is very lacking . It does n't even have all the words listed elsewhere . The index is the same way . It makes finding information in the phrasebook next to impossible.Unfortunately , this phrasebook has just been whipped out as a companion to LP 's monopoly on guide books . Try to find something else .
 Although I am an avid Anne Rice fan , I initially bought this book because the back cover proclaimed it to be `` the modern Story of O '' . Since Story of O is one of my favorite books in the genre of erotica , I just had to buy it , but then it seems that such sweeping claims hardly ever turn out to be true ... . The book starts out strong , with intensely erotic scenes focusing on Lisa and Eliot and the beginnings of an interesting love story , but as the book progresses the characters seemed to become less and less realistic
 I first read this book when recommended to me by a friend who termed it as `` beautifully sexual . '' At the time , I agreed with her - to a lesser degree . However , after having read it recently -LRB- along with an added maturity -RRB- , I am surprised to see how typical the structure of the novel is so that it resembles a popular romance novel . Does this sound familiar ? The plot is that of the initially strong woman who has -LRB- kinky -RRB- sex without guilt and controls the dominant `` gaze '' in her work . Yet she has this `` gaze '' threatened by a more dominant male to whom she succumbs to such an extent that she momentarily loses sight of her life and work . She is thus rewarded with marriage as there is nothing more rewarding for a powerful woman than to be dominated by an even more powerful man . There lies the psychology behind the success of the romance novel - the ultimate fantasy for the woman to be dominated and the man to dominate with rewards of lifelong sex i.e. marriage or the equivalent . The question is will the powerful husband let his wife continue on with The Club as before , or will maternal duties or the powerful man 's instinct to seek ultimate control somehow see him at the the top of The Club?Lisa and Elliot -LRB- who is supposed to be a Ph.D holder ! -RRB- sound , in the best sense , pseudo-intelligent and typical -LRB- too perfect in all respects -RRB- , giving them the essence of plywood . Anne Rice jumps all over the place , not developing any of her interesting points -LRB- i.e. Lisa 's conflict within herself , S&M as pain to experience pleasure , etc. -RRB- , and it is hard to see what point she is arriving at , if there is one at all . I especially dislike her use of Catholic symbolism as I find it one of the most banal and unimaginative ways to depict repression . As always , she has an interesting premise but her endings are awful . The fact that their love is consummated by a marriage -LRB- ! -RRB- sounds hollow and hypocritical.So be warned that this is not literary erotica but a drugstore romance novel set in an unusual place but otherwise adhering to a formulaic structure .
 I found this book to be rather silly . Never mind that the protagonists work at sex club , they are just two crazy kids in love . If you want to read a traditional romance novel where the character 's pasts as S and M enthusists are hinted at , this is your book . I was trully surprised at how convential this book was and expected more from Ann Rice . The ending was particularly silly and Harlequin-esq .
 If you have watch the film based on this novel more then once , then you 'll find this book an interesting read . As usual film is very different from the novel , but this only makes it a good read if you are into S & M.Spoiler warning.Many of you probably want to read the chapter when Lisa was having sex Elliot . This is very different from the movie . In the novel Lisa is `` doing him '' .
 I like to read erotic fiction from time to time . But if it does n't have substance , it 's nothing more than another trashy pornography novel . `` Eden '' was better than Anne 's '' Beauty '' novels , but was definitely not for readers who want the zest they received from '' Interview with the Vampire '' .
 I picked up this title based on the recommendation of a friend , and I have to say I was rather disappointed . I expected Ann Rice to be a virtuoso . She turned out to be a hack with an anal fixation . The dialogue and narration is only slightly better written than Penthouse letters , and the effect is less erotic . The only reason I rated the book as high as I did is because it read quickly , so at least I did n't waste a lot of time getting through it .
 I have read quite a bit of Anne Rice/Anne Rampling before . This book marks both a departure from her thougtful , sexy horror fiction -LRB- e.g. `` Lestat , '' `` Inverview with a Vampire , '' `` Mummy '' -RRB- and her fantasy-themed , erotic Beauty series -LRB- e.g. `` The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty '' -RRB- . It kind of falls in between.The book examines the relationship between an intelligent , conflicted , strong proprietor of a S&M - themed island -LRB- Female -RRB- and a passionate , creative photographer -LRB- Male -RRB- . -LRB- As you may have already guessed , this is not a book for those with conservative sensibilities ! -RRB- The relationship/chemistry between the main characters is interesting , believable , and sexy . Rice makes you feel as if you know each of them -- and are in the same room with them . You feel their passion and understand their internal struggles.My less-than-stellar rating speaks to the book as a whole -- the story arc , in particular . `` Exit to Eden '' reads like two books : Book 1
 This was n't at all what I expected . Once I was done I understand what Anne was trying to do but while reading the book I was wondering what she was doing.It 's not a bad book , just not what I expected.She spends lots of time spouting about why people become masochists . To be honest I wanted more of what went on in the club - not why they were there .
 Dissapointing compared to Anne Rices other works such as Interview With The Vampire . This story I found to be much to long and tedious . The concept of a `` bondage vacation '' was much to comical and contrived . If erotica is what you want to read pick up an Anais Nin book . Anybody that can read her work without starting to get a rapid heartbeat is got ta be senseless !!
 I have read many of Anne Rice 's books , including the books on the lives of the Mayfair Witches and Vampire Chronicles , and have loved every one . However , I was not impressed with Exit to Eden . I felt like the passion and literary talent evident in Anne Rice 's writings was totally absent . I found it to be very harlequin-esque at some times , and pointlessly crude at others . I think the heart of good erotica is the ability to write in a way that transcends the immediacy of cheap porn . Unfortunately , Exit to Eden did not deliver.I plan on reading her Sleeping Beauty books in the hopes that they will be a better representation of Anne Rice 's boundless talent.If you are looking for the sensual and dark romance of the Vampire Chronicles , or Lasher and Taltos , do n't expect to find it here .
 I kept thinking that Elliot and Lisa would really get down and dirty at the `` Club '' . Was I disappointed when they actually only had sex once , and in New Orleans to boot !!! I will say that the one time they did have sex was worth the price of the book . But the rest of it was very poorly written .
 The book just did not hold my interest very well . It was long and tedious , and I could n't wait for it to be over . The characters were not believable nor were they erotic . They came across quite clown-ish . Anne Rice is an excellent writer , but from this novel you would never believe it .
 I have to say that this is one of the worst novels that she has ever written . I just did n't think that it was that entertaining . After finishing the book , I went out and rented the movie , and It is far better than this novel . I am sorry Anne rice , but I can see why you used a pseudo name when you wrote this book . It stinks !
 The abridgement of this otherwise wonderfully delightful and wickedly sensual book is a huge disappointment . There was little of the drama nor the depth of character found in the actual novel . I read this book years ago and found it quite profound . The tape , which barely last 1.5 hours covers none of the motivation , the anticipation nor the quality of Rice 's intentions for placing the characters in this specific situation and performing these activities . Incredibly shallow reading by both actors , also .
 This book was n't what I expected ; never read an Anne Rice , but after reading what others had written , thought I 'd buy a book of hers.Should have saved my money ; this story was too far-fetched . Did n't finish it .
 I was not happy with this book . Luckily I checked it out at the library , so I did not spend the money on it . It was filth , trash , and poorly written at that . I wanted the erotic sensations like the vampires get when drinking blood . Instead I got nothing but sorry , flabby writing that went nowhere . If the book had belonged to me , I would have burned it !
 I have read all of Anne Rice 's books that were released under her real name and have thoroughly enjoyed every one . One day I decided to try one of her earlier works written under a pen name to see what it was like.I was somewhat disappointed . I understand that this is early writing and it shows in that she has not yet developed her prose to the levels that you find in her vampire , witch , and other novels . I agree with one of the other reviewers that the novel reads more like a romance novel than erotica . I actually find some of her passages in her latter works that skirt with the subject of the erotic more exciting than this less veiled attempt.In all honesty , I did n't finish the book . -LRB- By my own scale , I should have given it one start , but I 'm cutting some slack here because it 's Anne Rice . -RRB- The reason
 I am by no means a prude but I find no interest in women or men `` whipping '' someone for reasons I ca n't fathom . To dicipline , arouse , or to train them ; it escapes me . Too ` kinky ' for my taste . In all fairness , I never made it past the first few chapters either in this book or the first of Sleepy Beauty 's triology . The theme was obvious . I will assume there is a message in these books but I did n't care to find it . I gave this 1 star because it was required to submit the review . Rereading this , this review DOES make me SOUND like a prude ! In synopsis , if you like whips and chains and that sort of thing , you like the book ; if not do n't waste your money . I do n't even want to donate them to our local library .
 I bought this book because I thought it would be similar to her `` Sleeping Beauty '' series . It is n't even close . This is more romance novel than BDSM , and even then the romance is a little cheesy.If you want a romance novel , go ahead and get this book . If you are looking for good BDSM , look elsewhere .
 First I should note
 It 's not as erotic or engrossing as I thought it would be . There are parts where it begins to get really sensual , but then it ends rather abruptly or does n't continue long enough for things to develop . Try the Sleeping Beauty novels .
 This is some of the worst trash I have ever had the misfortune to listen to . The language is overwrought , the plot far-fetched and shallow , and even the readers sounded embarrassed to be involved in the project . However , it did make me laugh out loud quite often . Maybe the book was better . For a good S&M story , try Alasdair Gray 's `` Something Leather ''
 Perhaps in it 's time this book was cutting edge , but for those of us within the lifestyle , it 's tame and contrived to a very unsatisfying degree . It 's ironic that the film adaptation was watered down even more , and turned into one of the worst movies you 're likely to see . Ann Rice did n't deserve such treatment.There are books that capture the true essence of the BDSM fanatsy that are much more engrossing , and interestingly enough , Ms Rice has written them as well . -LRB- writing as A. N. Roquelaure , see her trilogy in the Sleeping Beauty series -RRB-
 With a respected author like Anne Rice , what I had hoped for was some erotic , imaginative reading . I will say that the settings , the environment , the background material were well-narrated and enticing . The characters , however , are another story . A nice way to describe them is that they are one-dimensional Harlequin Romance characters who trade in their corsets and leather pants , for , well , corsets and leather pants . Truly , the characters , aside from their extensive participation in the s & m scene , are classic romance novel pulp
 A dictator ?? You got ta be kidding . Ataturk is the reason Turkish people have democracy , women 's equality , and a secular government . Without this ` dictator ' they would be still in the stone ages . The ` author ' has NO understanding of the Turkish and Ottoman history .
 Let me start by saying that I never put down a book , even if I do n't like it . This is one that I could n't even get past the first few pages . Maybe I did n't give it a chance , but the foul language and vile event depicted in the first few pages turned me off completely to this book . I 'm glad it was a free download on Kindle . I gave it two stars only because I did n't give it a chance to get better . If I had n't deleted it , maybe I would give it another chance , but I certainly wo n't pay for it .
 shame on me for buying it . shame on me for reading it . karen b. wisconsin
 I almost gave up reading this book after a couple of chapters for the same reasons as the 1-star reviewers . I ca n't say I care for the writing style . It reminds me of the `` Guy Noir '' skit on `` A Prairie Home Companion , '' which is , of course , supposed to be a funny take-off on these kinds of books . The protagonist seemed to be more of a stereotypical formula rather than a real person . I struggled up through Chapter 9 . Then I began to get more invested in the story . I think the writing began to improve a bit and the characters gained some dimension . Still , it ends up being 2 stars for me . Perhaps his later books are better ?
 I read the first two chapters of this book , and I have to say that the writing was horrible . I ca n't believe that I wasted my time reading that much of the book .
 This is simply terrible ... It is badly written , a `` cutsy '' attempt to be the typical hard-boiled detective . Not even worth the free download .
 Sorry , I could n't get into this one at all . If you want to read some GOOD thrillers located in Bangkok , try John Burdett 's books beginning with Bangkok 8 .
 foul language and gross action made me dump this one after only a few pages . ugh
 Like most utopias , Herland has n't aged well . What sounds like heaven to one generation seems more like hell to another . What makes this book most interesting is its artifact status in the evolution of feminism.Most modern-day feminists would , I believe , be horrified to be plunked down in Herland to spend their lives
 Charlotte Perkins Gilman , Herland -LRB- Dover , 1909 -RRB- I always found it odd that Gilman , a prolific writer during her life , had become so obscure less than a century later as to be remembered for only a single short story , `` The Yellow Wallpaper . '' Now , having had the distinct displeasure of having read a second piece of Gilman 's writing , I have to wonder if that obscurity is n't well-deserved . Herland is everything that `` The Yellow Wallpaper '' is not . It is boring , overly expository , dry as dust , and most importantly , didactic . It is didactic in the same way your history teacher who spoke in a monotone is didactic ; you end up hating the delivery so much that whatever 's being said gets tuned out along with the noise . It does n't help that Herland is a vastly inferior knockoff of such nineteenth-century fantastic-journey novels as Poe 's The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym , James DeMille 's A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder , or Doyle 's The Lost World . All three of those novels had the same generally socially conscious bent as does Herland , and held up a dystopian land to our own to show us where our own civilization is lacking . But all three of them -LRB- even Poe , who despised the novel form and never wrote in it again -RRB- had a basic understanding of the structure of the adventure novel and how to keep things moving while passing along their message about what 's wrong with society . Gilman lacks this facility , and what 's worse , she 's of that strip of author who feels that , in order to make sure the message is clearly heard by the reader , she must go out of her way and add a clarifying sentence . After all , the reader is far too stupid to pick up on inferences.The popularity of The Yellow Wallpaper and the obscurity of Gilman 's other work can not , of course , be dismissed as understood after reading only one of her other works . But Herland certainly does n't have me straining at the leash to go looking for anything else Gilman wrote . Uniformly awful . -LRB- zero -RRB-
 ` Herland ' is hardly a cracking read , but it 's interesting as a feminist-historical text . It 's worth reading , but for the love of Mike get a different edition . This cover is utterly hideous and completely at odds with the ethos of the story . Why would a female-only society , where dress is utilitarian and reproduction asexual , tart themselves up in pink eyeshadow and mascara that would make even an overly-flamboyant drag queen quail ?
 Herland , by Charlotte Perkins Gilman , tries to take the view of a world without man . The notion that the world would be one peaceful little place without man is absurd . Women as well as men , have competed against each other for centuries . It is ridiculous to assert that women would not fight amongst themselves . If it was at all possible to give this book zero stars , I would .
 Anybody who truly studies the historical situation surrounding this book , beyond the scope of feminism , will find the avenue towards the kind of Eugenics that even Teddy Roosevelt and his wife , as well as a large part of society had started to engage in . A Utopian view , which controlled who could have children -- a cleansing of American Health , in other words -- became a cultural goal . We 're not talking about condoms or birth control pills here . We 're talking about the idea of WHO is the right person to have children -- and if those unwanted people have unwanted children , then those children are generally undesirable too , genetically . A good book on the use of Eugenics during this period would be well worth it.Charlotte Perkins Gilman had incredible gifts , and won much deserved respect for her short story/half-memoire , The Yellow Wallpaper . I highly doubt she and many of the `` good '' women who wished to reform society into a more feminine and nurturing -LRB- and also more equal -RRB- refuge for all humanity would have ever guessed what can come from a book like Herland . The overall picture , in hindsight , is truly frightening . Add an influential writer or two , a few politicians , and soon you have those small county or local museums across the country eventually owning up to what has been a long-forgotten Eugenics movements practiced in their local communities by well-meaning reformers.On a nationwide scale , these `` good women '' were not just focusing on prohibition and temperence or suffrage , but also trying to sweep up the scum and keep them from breeding . Talk to a well-educated Biologist about the history of Eugenics in the United States and you will begin to see how people went from spaying women of perceived `` low-character , '' to making sure those who were poor , low on the pole , or handicapped would not be able to marry or reproduce . Nor was that the beginning , nor was it done with consent , nor was it entirely humane ... . Human rights were made more and more fragile in favor of a Utopian principle , and with a lot of churchy-womanly -LRB- and manly -RRB- zeal.Granted , Gilman never used the word `` Eugenics . '' Gilman 's book shows a fanciful world wherein men have not existed for quite some time , and where women can just `` have '' a baby when the magic is right or whatever ... yet , this makes for a lot worse than wishfully innocent early feminism ... it makes for another detail in her book that is QUITE disturbing
 This was assigned to me in college 25 years ago . I still remember how I struggled to get through the 90 some pages of this book . One reviewer wrote that the point was n't to tear down men , but to show that women can live without men . She must have missed the part where because me are gone , so are wars . Clearly only men can be greedy/hateful . Women are only nurturing and giving . This book was assigned along with `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' by Margaret Atwood . I ca n't say enough good things about THAT book .
 I am a fan of utopian literature . It is a great measure of the human soul that we have these books . The spur us on to better ideals . Sadly , we have abandoned these , replacing them with the ugly dystopian literature , and are worse of . `` Herland '' is unique in that it is feminist utopianism . It is so off-beast that I was excited to read it . All of the classical cannon of Utopian Lit is all male
 I ca n't believe all that is wrong with this book . If you really detest men and you have n't a clue how males think or how real societies operate , you might like this story . However , if you have even one foot in reality , you 'll find it childish to the extreme.Author 's assumptions1 . Men are the root of all evil .2 . Anything men can do , women can do better -LRB- including writng utopian fantasies -RRB- .3 . Men are unnatural , unnecessary , unattractive , unreformable , and unrepentant .4 . Sex should be non-existant .5 . Science and society works out just the way you want it . -LRB- See Kendal Hunter 's prior review . -RRB- 6 . The reader has boundless time to vest in useless novels.It 's important to keep in mind that the book and its ideas were coming into print just as the seeds of Nazism and Hitlerism were planted and being cultivated . Clearly the author 's ideas would not have been out of place in that era of eugenics as a way to build an ideal society . Furthermore , in her book , the author glosses over a myriad of ` unpleasant ' details fitting of a nazi utopia :1 . The book contains more than a hint of socialist Aryan one race , one ideal elitism .2 . Birth control -LRB- !!! -RRB- is hinted , which by definition must involve some form of abortion .3 . Capital punishment is hinted as this ` utopian ' society 's way of getting rid of undesirables .4 . Women would be identically featureless , classless , and -LRB- apparently -RRB- humorless . By definition , parthenogenesis is not unlike cloning at the ovum level , so all women would be identical , excepting mutants .5 . It left me wondering if even crying babies was too much to be tolerated in this society.I struggle not to be too hard on a novel nearly a century old , a blueprint for a feminist , socialist utopia devoid of men and apparently anyone else unlike the author . If this were a book about a utopia about race , we would condemn it to purgatory . However , since it only trashes men , we ` liberal women ' are expected to swallow it reflexively . Unless you are a woman who pulls out her vibrator whenever you think about killing off men , I ca n't imagine who the audience is expected to be or why this tale was resurrected.A number of good science fiction authors have addressed this same topic with superior stories and I would recommend any one of them over this tale that should have remained buried in the trash heap of time .
 I know that `` Herland '' receives quite a bit of praise and is highly regarded . In my opinion , the work does n't bear up under these accolades . The story is down right boring , which is disappointing considering how engaging Gilman 's short stories and other works are . The plot is odd and the message that Gilman is trying to convey is lost . I saw another reviewer call this work a satire , but I would strongly disagree . Gilman did not intend `` Herland '' to be a satire . She was attempting to show that women were more adept at `` social housekeeping '' than men were.Unless you have to read it , there are many other and better Gilman pieces to absorb your attention with .
 wrong book sent . Customer service was poor and presented an extremely difficult procedure for correcting the problem . I was required to pay to send the book back , mailing back cost almost as the book itself . Even complying with this process did not ensure a replacement , but only that the order would be checked .
 On an exploratory trip in `` savage '' lands , three young American men find a country composed entirely of women . As these men learn about the history and culture of Herland , they are at first dismayed but later impressed at the asexuality and absolute social perfection of these women . For the first time , they notice the flaws in their own society and feel ashamed.I 'm having a really hard time deciding what to think about Herland . I tend to prefer plot-driven novels , or at the very least character-driven novels . Herland was neither plot - nor character-driven ... it was concept driven . Gilman was trying to convey a set of principles using an allegorical dialog . Gilman felt that women are subjugated by their sexuality . Because their economic happiness depends on their ability to attract men , they resort to jealousies and obsessions with fripperies . In Herland , there are no men ... therefore they do not depend upon their sexuality to land them a desirable place in life -- they depend only upon hard work and virtue . Since there are no men , they have no reason to be jealous , catty , gossipy , or hysterical . Thus , they are perfect.For the most part , I did not enjoy reading Herland . I found the dialog grating due to the sickening perfection of the women and the irksome sexism of the men . The men 's characters were very flat -- their purpose was simply to present a contrast to the perfection of Herland . The three men came in three stereotypical varieties
 The stunning dichotemy of Charlotte Perkins Gilman 's `` Herland '' exists in Gilman 's attempt to present her fictional civilization as a type of Utopia , while instead creating a civilization founded on such loathsome aspects of humanity as pursuit of one `` Superior Race '' , justifying imprisonment for selfish purposes , ecological tampering and perpetuated stereotypes regarding men and women.Herland , a civilization of only women and girl-children , who reproduce through immaculate conception and produce only female children , reflects Adolph Hitler 's belief in societal `` cleansing '' and pursuit of a superior race . Women in Herland , a place where women are stereotypically all longing for no more in life than to reproduce and pop out babies , are expected to produce no more than one baby each , due to limited resources and land . Any woman who posesses personality traits that do not fit the rigid framework of Herland society , are point blank asked not to reproduce . It is made clear that any personality trait outside of the societally-desired norm of unrealistic goddess-like calm , reserve and mommy-ism is undesirable . Therefore , they `` weed out '' any differentiation and individualism , establishing a clone-like state of `` We 're so pure we float '' women.The narrator of Herland is Van . He and his two buddies have gone exploring the myth of Herland and landed by plane just there . Exercising a stereotype that does n't seem to fit , three beautiful , young women are sent out to act as sirens , and lure the men . The problem with this part of Gilman 's story , is that supposedly the society has not had any knowledge of or contact with men for thousands of years . How then would they know that men would be so attracted and play chump to this lure ? -- Be that as it may , again , we see Gilman using women and basing this on the stereotype that young women are to be used as jezebels , temptresses , while the older women are naturally the wise ones , described as `` the colonels '' by the men in jest . Second female stereotype
 This book is hard for me to understand because most sentences does n't make sense . Some does make sense but most of them no . Ray Bradbury should do more better then that . I 've being forced to read this book because my 9th grade english teacher made us . When I start reading this book it is okey . When I 'm on page 30 the sentence does n't make sense . It just mostly say `` I burn bookee '' . I would rather read Great Expectations instead . If you are a very good reader you may try it .
 If you wish to read an Orwellian , dystopian novel set in the future , read the novels by George Orwell himself , 1984 and Animal Farm . Undoubtedly , Fahrenheit 451 is a classic and I guess required reading , if only for completenes , but it certainly failed to hold my interest . I found the writing to be a little more fluffy than what I find enjoyable and the plot is remarkably thin , unlike the richly constructed 1984 and the taut Animal Farm . I 'm afraid I ca n't call myself a Bradbury fan just yet .
 fahrenheit 451 starts off well , but definately doesnt end that way . besides the fact the some characters seem unreal and are impossible to relate to , at one point in the book montag and his friend have an incredibly insightful talk and end it in an idiotic plan , but i wo n't go into that too much . the end is boring and close to impossible to get through . read it , but be prepared .
 The story of Fahrenheit 451 is a complicated one that tries to explain the future in an odd way that is not often expressed . It brings you into the warped mind of a fireman , who burns books rather than puts fires out . This book proves to be very novel and is interesting at times , but at other points it just seems boring and outright ridiculous . When I read this novel it made me think of what the present day government might do behind our backs to censor certain materials , but the novel can be so confusing that it is hard to find the relationship . Despite these setbacks , it shows how a few wrong moves and decisions by humans today can end up in grave results in the future.In this story , the main character Montag begins to run into people that alter his mind and make him think about the ethics of his job , which of course is burning books . Montag used to live his life smelling of kerosene , ravaging people 's houses , and setting books aflame , but he wants to know why he is doing these deeds in the first place . It is sort of difficult to see how books could be so horrible that they should be banned and burned . You learn later in the story , if you can read inbetween the lines of difficult language , that the government has put a ban on all books to prevent them from corrupting the minds of the people living at the time . Montag learns this and begins to live two lives ; one as a fireman , and the other as a madman hiding books in the vents of his house . While this is happening a war is going on that is so hard to understand and so irrelevant that it should just be ignored . The book continues to become more confusing , and the end is just unimaginable and pointless.If you love books that are outdated and totally science fiction , then this is the novel for you . It is a great piece of work that was new and exciting when it was written , but to most people today it would just seem odd and nauseating at times . It is totally unbelievable , and it was difficult for me to sit down and read this story because it was so complex and involved . It takes a person with an extremely vivid imagination to read this novel . It was meant to show how people can not let the government get out of control because they will eventually corrupt and control the minds of every last person on the planet , but this point is lost somewhere amongst the many plots and twists . It tends to be very odd take on the subject , and I would not really recommend using your time to check it out .
 Basically , Fahrenheit 451 is a let down . The drop off ending cuts off the futuristic plot 's potential . There is much colorful vocabulary , but some metaphors are so elaborate and sudden that one hardly knows whether something is actually happening or if it 's just a figment of the character 's imagination . It is more confusing that challenging to read . The main character , Montag , has a fairly interesting conflict . The only problem is that it is not resolved enough by the end of the book to leave the reader satisfied ! Plus , the only moral or meaning from the book is given away early on , leaving nothing to motivate the reader . I recommend this book to nobody , because they will be disappointed .
 could not stand this book . hated everything about it . waste of my time reading it . maybe just too out of date for today .
 Anthony F.Miller PlaceThis book is Fahrenheit 451 written by Ray Bradbury . This is a realistic fiction book based on a futuristic world . This book is a mystery in some aspects and it could somewhat be an action book.This book is about a man named Guy Mortag . He is a firefighter who does n't put out fire , but starts them . If someone has books the firefighters go to there house and burn the books . Guy starts talking to a young girl named Clarisse . She has many different views on the world compared to other people in the time she is living in . Guy starts thinking about what she is talking about and that makes him start questioning every aspect of his life . Guy later reveals that he has a full library of books , to his wife that he has been hiding . Now he only has twenty-four hours to reads the books before he can get caught by the firefighters.This book is suited for an older audience . The writing style and the vocabulary the author uses will be a little hard for the younger reader to understand.In general I thought the book was okay . I enjoyed some parts of the book , but other parts just bored me and I could n't wait until I finished what I was reading . If you are interested in futuristic and or realistic fictional stories then you should read this one .
 I have read both The Martian Chronicles and Farenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury -LRB- well , it was more like I was forced to read them in my 8th and 9th grade English classes -RRB- , and all I can say is that Bradbury is one of the most overrated authors I have read . At least the Martian Chronicles was creative , had an emotional core , kept me captivated . The only thing creative about Farenheit 451 is its title . It paints a blurry picture of a simply boring civilization . I found myself not really caring what happened to Guy and Mildred and all the rest . There is no real prophetic vision as there is in say , Huxley 's Brave New World , which gives a vivid depiction of a fully-fleshed out and interesting futuristic world , unlike Bradbury 's , which is quite similar to any modern town that would exist when the book was written . Also unlike Brave New World , F451 is n't even very compelling , as censorship nowadays is much less of an issue than the genetic engineering and other issues Huxley raises . Overall , a thorougly unsatisfying and overhyped novel .
 This book could have easily been summed up in 30 pages ! Not that I do n't love attention to detail in stories , because I do , but F. 451 just dragged . It was a great concept and good plot but there was certain scenes where Bradbury overevaluated and overexplained everything ! I 'm never touching this book again .
 I had to read this for school . The idea of the book at fist sounded really cool and for a moment I thought I might accually enjoy reading this story . In the end , I hated just as much as everyone else in my class . Montag 's wife was annoying to me and Bradbury 's ideas are really intersting . Too bad he ca n't write his way out of a paper bag . This book was a waste of time . Never read it unless its required and theres a test on it . Then you could make an exception , I guess .
 I enjoy historical fictions , so I knew `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was not my style , but I thought I would give it a go anyway . Well , I hated it . I did not like Ray Bradbury 's style and I think he needs help ! Who in their right mind would think of our world becoming so controlling and horrible ? There are a lot of unanswered questions and undefined terms in this book , so you better get the Cliff 's Notes , because without them , you 'll be lost . Do not be surprised if you do not finish this book quickly , either ! I did find the subject of book banning and censorship interesting , but I think it could have been told differently . I do not recommend this book !
 the book has a good theme but it just dragged on . i did not like this book . montag is stupid to revolt in the first place he knows its the law and he knows what will happen to him if he does . Why did clarisse die there was no point to that just one day mildred said she was dead and montag was like oh ok it was lame and boring . i recomend this book to no one .
 I thought this was the worst book I ever read . There was no point and way to confusing . he would ramble on about stuff not even importnat to the plot ! i hated reading this ! stay away from this book !
 Fahrenheit 451 lists in my top 5 of worst books ever . my english class had to read it . i didnt even read the lastsection . by the time the first test rolled around , i hadnt even read 10 pages . i evenually forced myself to read it but stopped when i got to last section cause i thought if i read anymore , i might die . i felt no connection to the characters , no emotion towards them . Everything is drawed out way to much . when he could easly say something in a couple pages , he takes like 50 to tell one little minor thing . For me , its really boring and stupid . For u , many ur will like it . Maybe not . Cant no until u attempt to read it -LRB- NOTE
 I think this book is n't worth the money you pay for it . Ray Bradbury does not describe the story very elaborate and and so e.g. it is very difficult to understand what the people are talking about.Furthermore , the tension the fireman acts with does n't get clear in the description by Bradbury . This is a very bad style of telling a story and makes me think the author himself did n't like the story.The dialogues between the fireman , Montag , and the girl he meets on the street are forced and do not seem vivid . So it is a great effort reading it.I have to read this book at school and I do not have any motivation to analyze it .
 I had to read this when I was in high school . So did my children . Now my GRANDCHILDREN have to read it ! None of us has been able to discover WHY ! Of all of the superb books I have read in my life , not ONE has ever been selected for required summer reading !
 I had to read this book for school , and it is one of the most boring books I 've ever read . There are three sections , and all that the main character , Montag does in the first section is meet a girl named Clarisse and talks to her once or twice and starts `` considering '' his job as a fireman burning books . This should give you a rough overview of what the book is like
 Before I was forced to read this book by my eigth grade reading teacher , I had heard from people that it was pretty amazing and thought provoking . They were wrong . The only credit I can give this book is that it is the only one that has ever made me fall asleep . Its inconsistent plot and awful use of surreal events were written down in a rambling , incoherent jumble of thoghts , even if you can call them that . Even if it had any type of meaning or hidden morale , this supposed `` work of art '' was unbearably boring and slow . Maybe I 'm not yet old enough to be able to pick out any real substance from the book 's paragraph after paragraph of * @ # $ , but I do applaud anyone who had the strength to get past the first chapter . I end my review with some `` poetic justice '' of my own ... I burned this book !!!
 This book sucked . I am forced to read this for my 9th grade accelerated english class and it is boring . You can guess what 's gon na happen next throughout the whole book . It makes no real attempt to make a statment on book burnings .
 Too bad this book was n't included among Montag 's targets during his career as a `` fireman . '' He sure would have done us all a big favor by sparing us the agony of trying to trudge through this trash . Life is too short ... do n't waste one minute with this no-brainer !
 Ray Bradbury tries to write a bestseller in this boring novel . He keeps the audience in the book for about three pages , then everyone falls asleep . If he could do it again , I think he should have never written books in the first place .
 This book does n't deserve a maximum of 1,000 words ! It is pointless and inconsistent . Do n't read it ! How could our society ever become one not dependent on books for knowledge and wisdom ?
 This book makes absolutely no sense at all . I read the first page and I did n't like it . I have to read it for school and I have fallen asleep 4 times reading it . All of my friends hate it to . We have a test on the 2nd day of 8th grade . Even using the Cliffs Notes did n't help at all . I do n't recommend this book to anyone .
 I had to read this book for school and I abolutely hated it . To start off with , it was n't very well written and the characters and situations were unbelieveable and boring . Montag was a very odd character and hard to relate to and it bugged the -LSB- STUFF -RSB- out of me how he cried about everything ! The book did n't really have a very powerful message either . It was basically do n't watch TV , read books . The world will be lost without them ! And the whole thing about the stupid Harvard degrees on the railroad tracks was cheesy and stupid . If you can memorize a piece of literature so easily , what 's the point for books ? I compared this book to Orwell 's 1984 , which I read last year , and there was no comparison . This book was not nearly as chilling and thought provoking and failed horribly in getting it 's point across . With all the talk of firemen burning books , you were tempted to put a match to this one . I also disagree with a major point of the book that implies with the loss of literature comes the loss of morality . The book took place in the future but not that far in the future . I got the idea that it took place only one or two generations after it was written . The morality of the world could not be lost in that amount of time .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury in my opinion is extremely confusing and difficult to read . The setting is in a futuristic world , where books are banned and anyone who is caught with books are prosecuted . The main character , Montag , is a fireman whose job is to burn books . The world he lives in is plain and dull , and he becomes desperate for something exciting , so he begins to read the books that he burns . Once caught by his fellow fireman , Montag must flee from his home and run away to escape imprisonment or possibly death . In the book , some of the concepts are hard to understand , and the futuristic conceptions in the book may confuse the reader . The vocabulary is n't too difficult , but there are sections of the book that may set the reader off track . I would n't recommend this book to anyone younger than the seventh grade level , and I would recommend this book to people who like science-fiction . Personally , I thought this book was very boring and it did n't capture my interest .
 If it is , then I will imediatly torch the books to bits and pieces . The book proves one point to me
 This book was a hard read because I did n't find it interesting . It was really strange to me . I was required to read it for my English class . I would n't recommend it to anyone because I personally did not enjoy it . I was confused as to what went on the entire way through .
 I feel almost guilty giving this book a review like this , it is hailed as a classic and usually when I read books that are considered classics I can see the many strong qualities that put them on the ` classic ' pedestal . But I must be honest , I 'm not going to make this book sound better then I thought it was simply because it is considered a classic . The only redeeming quality this book really has is the overall idea and like many reviewers have already pointed out - the idea is good , the execution of said idea is quite lacking.This story follows Guy Montag , a fireman . Unlike the firemen of today , these firemen burn books rather than put out fires . The world has become a dystopian society that favors pleasure over reality . We almost have a ` stepford-society ' of sorts . Critical thinking is said to create sadness and conflict so something must be done about it . The books must be burned.In Fahrenheit 451 Montag has an epiphany after talking with his light-hearted neighbor Clarisse . Clarisse represents the very thing this society is trying to rid . Guy Montags wife represents the opposite . You can already see the conflict here , so what is Guy to do?I 'll admit the first 40 pages or so really had me going . The story was unique and the message was interesting . I did notice right away that Bradbury likes to be overly-poetic in some parts , and a straight-shooter in others . His writing is a little inconsistent but I was able to look past that . At first I really hated Montags wife -LRB- a good thing , when books conjure up these types of feelings then they are doing their job -RRB- and I really felt empathetic towards Guy . The problem is that this book really started becoming silly . The characters really become forced and the plot as a whole takes an eye-rolling turn for the worst . The ending is one of the most forced endings I 've ever read . This book could have been written a million different ways and Bradbury chose a really silly path . I had to force myself to finish the book and I started to lose my feelings towards the main characters , I just started to not care anymore . It 's almost as if Bradbury had a good idea for a short-story one day and forced it into a novel.In the end I would give this book a 2.5 / 5 . There are some interesting ideas and some of the writing is pretty good , though it is inconsistent . Unfortunately I ca n't give half-stars so it 's either a 2 or a 3 . Tough choice but ultimately this book was more on the disappointing end of the spectrum for me .
 Fahrenheit 451 was a disappointing book for a reader who is not an avid science fiction lover . This book is very difficult to read . The correctors a sometimes very confusing to understand . The setting is also very hard to have a visual picture . Although the plot is very good the way that it is described is hard to understand . I think if you are a science fiction lover that you would like this book . But if you sometimes like to read science fiction you will not like this because you have to be a huge science fiction lover to like this . I also think you need to be above the 6th grade or a very advanced reader .
 Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is the story of a man who rediscovers his humanity in a future where there is no genuine thought , no intimitate contact , no passionate emotion . His premise is interesting enough , especially in light of the present state of our culture , however his execution is embarrassingly bad.The plot is predictable and hoaky , the characters are boringly flat , and the dialogue -- perhaps the biggest drawback of the book -- is wooden and unrealistic . Interspersed throughout all of this soap opera melodrama are dreary , quodlibetic references to Shakespeare , Bacon , Milton ... you get the picture.It dawned on me as I was nearing the end of this book that Bradbury could easily have been the child of Ayn Rand and Jacques Barzun . Hamfisted , cardboard fiction from mommy , and tired pedantry from daddy . To be fair , there are a few well-penned lines , and he definitely has a point . But if you 're interested in nightmarish visions of a futuristic dystopia , check out Orwell or Huxley . Bradbury basically took their stories and mashed them together anyway.Again , I ca n't stress enough the importance of this book 's message . Nevertheless , this book , as vehicle for that message , definitely has a flat tire .
 If you are looking for a story about a dystopian society in which the government censors people 's entire lives to the point where citizens are n't even allowed to read , then Fahrenheit 451 the perfect book for you . In the book , Guy Montag is a fireman who burns down houses with books hidden within them . He starts out really dedicated to the job , but then he meets a girl one night walking home from the fire station that really gets him thinking about how he is living his life . Guy begins to rethink everything he does and decides to fight the system . The idea of the story is fantastic ; however the writing is not the greatest . The way Ray Bradbury writes is highly confusing . He uses metaphors , symbolism and similes like there is no tomorrow . He also has a tendency to jump from one topic to the next , one time to the next and one mood to the next . When he is talking about the Salamander when going out on a call to look for , and burn books , he describes the Salamander in great detail and then just switches to talking about the house , at which they have just arrived , without saying anything about the house until after the explanation of the house . So while the reader thinks Bradbury is still describing the Salamander he has actually gone into talking about a house instead . All in all , the book had a great point being that if someone challenges you ; challenge them in return for what you believe to be right and just . However the style of writing just did n't agree with the way my mind thinks . But if you are someone who enjoys metaphors and jumpy writing , this would be a good choice for you to look in to reading .
 In my humble opinion , I find it is riduculous that eBooks cost more than books printed with ink and paper .
 Hi!I guess I did n't look too carefully and missed that text to speech was not enabled.Is there a way to get the publisher to change their mind?Thanks , per
 This summer we read this book . I hated this book for several reasons . First of all , the story was way too jumpy . It started slow , and then randomly got fast . It had absolutly no suspense to it . I found myself forcing myself to read ! I could n't relate to any of the characters ! For instance , some of the characters were too boring . Maybe if I read this book in this book in ten years I would have a different opinion . Another reason why I did n't like this book , is because the characters were n't seen enough . They were all just thrown in at different times . You did n't feel like you got to know them very well and I hate that . I would not recommend this book . I think that Ray Bradbury needs to rethink his book ideas ! I do not want to be critical of Ray Bradbury , but really I could n't stand this book . It had no meaning to me . It also , had a poor plot and setting . For instance , it was plotted in the future yet it was no different than today . I do n't plan on reading anymore or Ray Bradbury 's books !
 Heyyyy I had to read this book for school and it was the worst thing I ever read . A worthless good for nothing piece of junk ! Actually it is good for something . I took this book with me to rifle practice and i shot at this instead of the target . I got busted but hey it was worth it . Mail me if you want a picture of my shooting .
 I thought this was one of the worst books I 've ever read . The characters were entirely unconvincing - e.g. the professor with the strange name who can only express himself using metaphors . The plot is just a predictable and flimsy excuse for a parable about the dangers of modern society . I read it , because I 'd bought it , but I found almost every word an insult to my intelligence .
 Fahrenheit 451 is the worst book I have ever read in my whole life . I was forced to read it in school , and I disguised the book starting at the first page . There is absolutely nothing good in the book . It makes no sense , and I personally do n't think the world will become to be , as predicted in this book . I also find this book very offensive to my religious beliefs . How can a book that takes the name of the Lord in vain , in almost every page , be used as a class novel . Everyone knows that taking the Lord 's name in vain is breaking one of God 's commandments , and is a sin . I have never read a book that was as bad as Fahrenheit 451 in language . I do n't understand how the school boards can justify such a book , and use it for classes . Anyone who has n't read this book , do n't waste your time !
 Confusing , disturbing , and stupid are some of the few words to use when describing this book . Firemen who start fires ?? Come on . Burning every book that exists , this is n't a look into the future . It 's a look into Bradbury 's twisted little mind . Bottom Line ... . Do n't waste your time .
 This was the worst book I 've ever read . Most of the book was just saying the exact same thing a million different ways . It was an interesting idea behind the book , but it was altogether boring the way it was written .
 I 'm sorry seeing as everyone considers this book a `` classic '' , I hate to disappoint you , but it is not that wonderful of a book . I did not particularly enjoy this book . I was forced to read it for my 8th Grade AP English class and was n't very thrilled about it . Bradbury goes on for pages of poetic nonsense that many do n't and would n't want to understand . The book has a wonderful message and I am disappointed in Bradbury for this horrible representation of such a wonderful theme . Too many questions left unanswered for the mind to ponder . I mean who does n't like thinking about a book ?? Well I certainly do but there are just too many loose ends . And the characters are n't elaborated on enough . They are almost all left as flat charachters which does n't make for a most enjoyable book . Many have read and many have been disappointed . Bradbury has many other works , I highly reccomend reading one of those instead of this book which lacks good plot or character development . It also has very little plot action and is n't very interesting . So take my advice and DO NOT READ THIS BOOK .
 This book was suggested to me to read over the summer . We had read some of Ray Bradbury 's other books in school and I had n't liked them , but i thought i might like this one . I did n't . Even though it is suggested for students older than me I think I still understood it enough to have reasons for not liking it . First of all , I did n't find any certain plot to it . You could understand that the main character was not happy , but nothing told you why clearly . I found it very boring because of the way they went from one event to another without really tying them together . Also , the way the author compared the characters thoughts to real life examples most of the time did n't make very much sense and sometimes you could n't tell the difference between something really happening or if it was all in their mind . From the start it did not seem to be going anywhere . I would not suggest this book to anyone of my age or anyone interested in adventure books , because this is n't . The only thing i can say i liked about this book is the character Clarisse McClellan , she seemed intersting and I think she should have played a more active role in the story .
 Haing missed this book in school , somehow , I 've always meant to read it since I keep hearing great things about it . I do n't know if my expectations were too high or I 'm just missing something that everyone else sees , but I did n't like it.The idea that political correctness grows into something so ridiculous that not only are books burned , but the houses that they occupy are burned also was just impossible for me to swallow . Add to that only a single character that was likeable at all -LRB- and she was killed off pretty early -RRB- , then a pretty boring story to go along with it , and the only reason I was able to finish it was because it was so short.I do n't see any reason why anyone would want to read this book , but I 'm clearly in the minority on this one , so maybe you 'll like it better than I did .
 I had to read this book in my sophomore Honors English class . Basically , it is about book-burning and the importance of books . BUT IF YOU WANT TO IMPART TO YOUR STUDENTS THE IMPORTANCE OF READING , LET THEM READ SOMETHING THAT IS AT LEAST INTERESTING ! Instead of having your students read Fahrenheit 451 , let them read DUNE -LRB- and do n't say it 's bad because the movies were ! -RRB- , or HARLAN ELLISON , or PHILIP K. DICK . NOT this pocket-protector , suit and tie business writer , Bradbury . I 've tried reading some of his other stuff . He 's not that good . This book was okay , but nothing great and certainly nothing I would spend money on or read again . Have you ever heard of `` show , do n't tell '' ? This book only TELLS why books are important . But let the student read a good book and that will SHOW them why books are important . This is one of many rotten books that I have read in High School . It 's no wonder , with book selections like these , that students do n't read and are illiterate .
 I marked one star only because I can not give it anything lower . I placed this order on Jan. 10 . Time to get the order came and went . Here it is Feb. 7 , and I still do not have the CD of Fahrenheit 451 . Is this company located on the moon ? Why is it taking SO long for my order to get here ? I am MOST displeased . I will never order anything from this company CheapBks4U again . This service is atrocious .
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is a futuristic tale where reading books is illegal . The main character is a man named Montag , a fireman whose job it is to burn books . In this story Montag is secretly reading , even though the punishment for reading is either life in jail or death . In this world there are many technologies that control people 's lives.I think that Ray Bradbury should have done made the plot more clear . At the beginning of this book I was confused about the world where the story took place , which meant I could n't relate to Montag or the story . By the end of the book , I was still left wondering about what happened to certain characters or why certain things happened.There are many ways he could have made this story better . He could have added more conflict in the plot or action in Montag 's life . I did not enjoy the sci-fi aspect of the story because the complex technology interfered with the lives of the characters . Bradbury may be a good writer to many people , but because he did not explain the story clearly , he is n't someone I would choose to read again .
 They say Bradbury 's amazing , but he really did n't impress me at all . It seems that he tried to write in such a sophisticated way that the book became boring . The Fahrenheit 451 is slow going , and very hard to understand . We had to read this book as a class and almost everyone found it confusing . Even the ending hardly made any sense . The book is going on like normal , and suddenly it all ends abruptly . Bradbury has failed to make the writing interesting , and it is not easy to tell what 's going on . For example , the whole plot is not appealing . There is a society where books are not allowed , and Montag -LRB- the man who burns alot of books -RRB- ends up liking books . He has to run away from others and hide for a long time . Some details were completely unnecessary , and had nothing to do with the book . As soon as the book starts getting even a little good , Bradbury drifts off to another topic and that slows down the whole flow of the book . When some things were going on in the book , it is like Bradbury did n't want to get off that same topic at all . If something happened , or there was a discussion , Bradbury made it as long as possible . The book failed to entertain me , and I do not reccommend it .
 This book has been raved about as a classic SF story for many years now , so I decided it had to be worth reading . How wrong I was ! As with many so called `` brilliant classics '' the author gets a novel idea and then tries to run with it . Unfortunately , the story fizzles out completely towards the end and the full impact of the original message dies with it . I was very disappointed with this book and wonder how people rate books like this so highly . Do n't bother reading it !
 This book is a is written about a futuristic civilization in which books are burned and anyone who is caught reading gets arrested -LRB- or worse -RRB- . The main character is a `` fireman '' named Guy Montag who begins to realise that books are ` nt really so bad , and he rebels . Firemen in this society do n't put out fires , they burn the books . The storyline is slow and depressing . The book is rather boring , to put it politely . I believe that this is the only book that should be burned . DO N'T BOTHER .
 It was very confusing at some parts . Overall it had a great plot . It is a better reading if you are older .
 After reading it for a school project I would avise anyone reading these reviews to stay clear of it unless your eighty and you want waste your last few months of your life . Pointless , which school teachers of little old scotland make you read . If we have to burn books I put this one up to get burned straight away .
 I did n't like this book it was way to confusing , i do n't think teachers should make kids read this book it is definantly not a kids kinda book .
 I was FORCED to read this book in school ! It was pure TRASH ! I thought I liked reading ... well now Idont ! Thanks a lot Ray Bradbury !!!
 Last year we had to read this as a class . There were two books our teacher made us read that I hate with a passion this is one of them . I could not stand the way Bradbury writes most authors would say the pit pat of rain he would say the pit pat pit pat pit pat and so on for half a page it was royally annoying and as far as what the guy said about it being about individuality and conformity if you want to read about that read Ayn Rand 's Anthem . It is much better , and deserves its status as a classic unlike this one .
 I order the book a week before it shipped and then took so long to get here I had to download the book to my daughters Kindle the night before she needed it for school . That cost me $ 9.99 , and then got the book on the 4th or 5th of February . Wo n't use this one again .
 Personally , I found the background idea of this book very smart and `` appetizing '' : a world where books were forbidden and the fire-eaters were actually fire-blowers fighting in the name of mind-globalization against the dangers of reading and building your own way to think and to face life . Unfortunately I reckon that the style is weak , words are just thrown without explanesions in the pages , sentences are chopped in a way that often made me feel totally extraneous to the plot . A heavy atmosphere floats in this book and I had to fight hard to keep on reading . In simple words , I 'd mark it 4 out of 5 for the subjects but only 2 out of 5 for the style .
 If you look at Farenheit 451 from the perspective of when it was written , you can be amazed at Bradbury 's prophecy . I tried to keep that thought in mind when reading the book but I was n't able to put myself into any type of Cold War paranoia mind frame and as a result , I kept coming back to my 2011 mindset and thinking , hey , we have bigger fish to fry , or bigger books to burn , nowadays.Anyway , that 's just me.The idea of censorship and government control and general public apathy was interesting , and the idea of society possibly heading there , or already there if you want to think about the obsession with television , is frightening , but when I finished the book I 'm sitting there thinking , That 's it ? That 's all ? So we suffer through all of this to find out that there 's a group of people in the country who have memorized books ? That 's great , books and ideas and free thought live ! , but then what in the world was the whole sense of Montag 's story leading up to that great revelation?I thought Montag was a little wimpy and the whole chase at the end was n't exciting . I found the writing a little difficult to read at times , very choppy and dull . I would n't recommend this book
 I have Always preferred to hear an author read their own works because only they really know what was intended -- until now . Mr. Bradbury has one tone and one tone only and that is carried out with a mush-mouth . It 's just horrendous and painful to listen to . Go find another copy -- trust me -LRB- I would quit but I 'm trying to finish it for a book club -RRB- . Mercifully @ 5 CDs it 's pretty short.Amendment
 Looks like I 'm in the minority here , but I tried and just could n't get through this book . Perhaps I needed a teacher to help me get the symbolism !
 I finally got around to this classic young adult novel . I figured since I 'm in the young adult literature class for my MLIS , I might as well catch up . I never read the book because I was dryly bored by all of Ray Bradbury 's work . I just ca n't seem to feel any passion for science fiction.Not that Fahrenheit 451 is scifi . There is a strong presence of metaphor in this book ; too heavy a presence for my reading delight , though the idea is cute . Firemen ignites fires to destroy knowledge aka power . 1984 with an arson 's twist . But the conclusion was so obvious from the start that I thought , why read what 's in between?Written during an era of Cold War fear , I can see the appeal of his plot . But I wish Bradbury had either revved up the scifi and gave me an all out apocalypse or gave up on the robotic dogs and let the political hounds do more communist hunting .
 I have always liked this book to read so I thought I would get it on CD . Ray Bradbury reads it , and it is very bad . It was so painful to listen to his voice I had to turn it off . He reads in such a monotone voice it put me to sleep . Someone needs to re-make the CD 's .
 Ray Bradbury 's 1953 novel Fahrenheit 451 is a science fiction classic that , somehow , I 'd never read . With Bradbury 's recent death , I decided it was time to remedy that . Unfortunately , I was severely underwhelmed by Fahrenheit 451 , and found it lacking in many ways.Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian novel that , despite prominently featuring book-burning , posits dystopia-by-entertainment , like Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World , as opposed to dystopia-by-oppression , like George Orwell 's 1984 or Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale . The evil of the Fahrenheit 451 is not censorship , but television , which has made people so dumb and uninterested in the world that -LRB- almost -RRB- no one even cares that firemen now burn books , instead of putting out blazes.The main character is Guy Montag , one of these firemen , who , after a few chance conversations with a young girl next door , realizes he 's doing bad things and that the world is a mess . This pushes him to start to consider reading the books he 's supposed to be burning , and the novel moves on from there.Montag , and the other characters in the book , all seem flat . Part of this is that there 's no real dialogue or conversations in the book . With the exception of Guy 's horrid wife and her friends who basically say `` Shut up , my shows are on ! '' all book , every time a character opens their mouth , it seems they launch into a diatribe - the protagonist and his allies for books , and the antagonists against them . There 's no real debate of ideas , and the characters all seem like mouthpieces for Bradbury , either for his anti-technology position or straw men for the anti-book position.The idea of a dystopia brought on by entertaining the citizens into apathy is a perfectly good one , and Huxley did a fine job with it in Brave New World . However , I just could n't buy Bradbury 's take . As far as he 's concerned , technology can only be used to placate the masses through their wall-sized TV 's or proto-Walkmen . In Fahrenheit 451 , the means of content creation still rest , as they did in the ' 50 's , in the hands of the few . This fails to account for the way technology really played out . Sure , we all have huge HDTV 's and smartphones with Bluetooth headphones , but we also use all this fantastic technology to connect with people around the world in ways never before possible , and we seek out alternate sources of information that could never have reached nearly as as many people . Sure , plenty of people just let TV rot their brains , but I 'm not convinced that 's any different today than the ' 50 's , and the technology now has so many other fantastic and worthwhile uses Bradbury ignores or ca n't predict . Bradbury also ignores that a large percentage of books are n't any better than TV . Just because it 's printed on a dead tree does n't make it Plato or Dickens.Let me also say something about the end of the novel and the war background thread . All through the novel there 's imminent threat of war , though - perhaps this is to reflect the characters ' lack of concern - what the war is about , who it 's with , or how it will be fought is never really addressed , until the end of the book . All of a sudden , it pops up in a major way , and then a page or two later the book 's over . It 's like Bradbury ran out of story and decided `` Eh , I 'll just toss in a mention or two of war earlier in the book , then let that take care of everything at the end . '' Maybe this is related to the fact that Fahrenheit 451 started as a short story , was expanded to a novella , then expanded again to a novel . Maybe there just was n't enough story to flesh the ideas out to that long a format . In any case , the war thread is a horrible deus ex machina -LRB- see 1984 for how to weave war into a dystopian story effectively -RRB- , and the ending is almost a non-ending . I do n't mind a grim or ambiguous ending , but Fahrenheit 451 ca n't even deliver in that way.The writing style also gave me problems . Bradbury goes on for paragraphs describing scenery in repetitive flowery language , then in a plain sentence or two you hardly notice , he slips in a major event with little emphasis . It 's just uneven , tedious , and makes things hard to follow.I love golden age science fiction from Isaac Asimov and Robert Heinlein , so it 's not that I do n't enjoy the genre or the era . Yeah , 1950 's science fiction has its issues these days , but I do n't mind those too much , as writers like Asimov an Heinlein penned entertaining stories with lasting messages . I know Bradbury is looked at in a similar way , but from Fahrenheit 451 , I just ca n't put him in the same class as Asimov or Heinlein.I listened to Harper Audio 's 2001 production of Fahrenheit 451 , ready by Ray Bradbury . I thought it would be interesting to hear the book as envisioned by the author . I was wrong . Bradbury was not an effective narrator . He has a single tone in which he reads . It can be hard to tell if he 's narrating description or reading dialogue , or if he 's reading dialogue , which character is speaking . Conversations -LRB- such as they are , see above -RRB- are horrible to try to follow . I just ca n't recommend anyone , even a hardcore Bradbury fan , listen to this production . There are other versions out there read by professional audio book readers . Get one of them . It has to be better . One other problem with the production are the track times . These are rarely worth mentioning for audio books , but in this case , they are . The tracks range from 1:37 to 28:37 in length , and for no apparent reason . Tracks are n't tied to chapters or anything else I could discern . They just vary wildly in how long they are , which makes it very hard to keep track of where in the book you are . There 's no reason for this . The production includes a 2001 interview with Bradbury after the book itself . The entire production runs approximately 6 hours , and about an hour of that is the interview.I ca n't recommend Fahrenheit 451 . Yes , it has an interesting premise , but Bradbury just is n't up to turning it into a compelling story . If you 're looking for a good dystopian novel , you 'd do better to read 1984 , The Handmaid 's Tale , or Brave New World . And if you still want to read Fahrenheit 451 , do not under any circumstances listen to Bradbury 's narration of it .
 WARNING
 This book does n't deserve one star . It deserves negative 1000 stars . This was the WORST book I have ever read . The book moved to slow , and the characters are stupid . Guy Montag , the main character , is a fireman who sets books on fire , becuase homes are fireproof . Then he meets this crazy girl nmaed Clairese who rambles about dumb stuff of the past that is not important like -LRB- Did you know that one time billboards were only 20 feet long , instead of 200 -RRB- WHO CARES ?!?! If there is one book that deserves to be burnt it is this .
 I have never yet received my order , and it has been a month since I placed the order and paid for it . Will I be getting a refund of my money ?
 This is definitely one of the WORST books I have ever come across . In the modern version , there is a forword and an introduction . Both of them have nothing to do with the story , and Ray Bradbury babbles on and on about his past and how he came up with the ideas for other books that NO ONE CARES ABOUT ! I almost fell asleep during the forword , I dont know how I survived the book . The book drags on and one at a painfully slow pace . As for Ray Bradbury himself , he states in the introduction that in his eyes , Hitler burning and brutally killing people is on the same level as the burning of a book . I think that this statement is pretty much self explanatory for his views on humanity . Great guy , eh ?
 This book is quite possibly the worst piece of science fiction I have read ... It is dramatically boring and far too contrived to be interesting ... The world Bradbury creates is thoroughly dry and I simply hated his look at the future ... Nothing was at all interesting or thought-provoking , except for the books examination into the issues of censorship as a whole . I like fantastically created worlds and futures , but when they 're dry and brittle like this , you simply long for the pages of the book itself to burn bitterly ...
 I never received the product in the mail . Needed it for summer reading for school and had to go to the bookstore to buy it .
 I already wrote a review of this one that Amazon dot com must have lost or something because it did not show up after even like 5 days.That does not surprise me for reasons I will explain in a minute but first you came here to see a review of the book and so here you go and then I will get back to my earlier point.This book is about a fireman in the future only in the future there is no longer any fire at all so instead of putting out fires he lights books on fire but he does not like to make fires so then he quits being a fireman . I swear thats what the book is about and I know it makes no sense I didnt understand it either . Why is he a fireman ? I DONT KNOW ! NOBODY KNOWS!But the real problems started when I returned this book to my local library and now they say I did not return it at all even though I did and it was in a pile of other books which ! I returned all at the same time together so I know . But now they say I owe the library $ 7 for a new book even though it was used . Whatever.My advice
 it is impossible to keep reading this ... it is very hard to understand and most parts do n't make any sense ... it is very hard to understand .
 To put it simply
 I had to read this book for school . I , personally , do n't care for any type of science fiction , so that could play a part in my rating , but it was very confusing and not worth my time . The book is about Guy Montag who is a fireman from three or four hundred years in the future where firemen cause fires instead of putting them out . The book mentions people Montag meets and is friends with and about his failing relationship with his wife . There are many ` futuristic ' objects in this book which keeps you thinking and confused . The book ends in a chase which was by far the best part . If you do n't enjoy science fiction , I do not recommend this book for you . I only read it because it was required of me .
 I found this book to be very dry and boring . I tried to compare this to The Giver , and I just conuld n't . I know that there are some good points to it , but not enought to sit and read it over and over again.PS-If you do n't agree with me , please do n't click the `` No '' button below .
 Fahrenheight 451 is a book set in the future that every page goes on and on and you find that you are still on that same page because you have fallen asleep . This story has some characters that are very different from each other . The main character Montag , who is a fireman who burns books instead of stopping fires , is very different from his wife Millie . His wife just watches TV all day and they call the actors their `` cousins '' . Also their are so many different things that happen that you ca n't really keep up with them and you ca n't really understand it because you can ; t understand what the characters do . The plot does not really make sense , it is about people who burn books and let me tell you it is n't very fun to read . I think that the the book is creative , but the Author should use something else to go with this story . The vocabulary was pretty good and he used good sentence , but they got confusing and you find yourself doing nothing with this book . The book just goes on and on and then you find yourself wanting to burn it like the fire fighters do . I would say that I recommend this book to probably no one because it is n't fun to read , you fall asleep during it and you can never feel suspended . People who like Sci-Fi stuff might , but it is n't really Sci-Fi ether .
 Farenheit 451 was just an ok book . I was lost most of the time and the book did n't really make too much sense to me . If i had to read this book over again i definitely would n't .
 Simply unreadable . A nonsense book and a ridiculous plot . Sincerely one of the worst books I 've ever read .
 It is not the best book I have read . It was really weird and freaky . The thing about it was that I did n't comprehend it much . It was really a book that does n't suit me that much . I did n't understand it much . At times , I felt stupid reading it because I did n't understand it . If you are a person who likes reading books about fire , this book is for you.I really do n't want to have to read it again and I did n't like it . It was way out of my league . I did n't care for the Ray Bradbury . But , I am not saying I hate him . I am sayinh I might tru some of his other books as well as this book that I did n't like . Although this book does not fit my categories or my type of books , I would not recommend it to other people who like serious stuff .
 In the book Fahrenheit 451 the main characters name is Guy Montag . Guy is a fireman that burns books and sets houses on fire instead of the normal fireman that puts out the flames . During the course of the book Montag goes through many different phases . The most important phase is where he starts wondering about books . Since all his life he has been taught that books are bad and only to burn them , he is curious what books are about . During the time that he is going through his mysterious phases he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan , who opens her eyes to the emptiness of his life . Montag met this girl one night when he was taking a walk at about midnight . Montag also meets a very important character named Faber . Faber is an old English professor that likes books and knows a lot about them . Over the story Montag has Faber set him up with a retired publisher , to help publish books . At the time that Montag is trying to publish books the fireman are chasing him , because his wife turned him in.Guy Montag is a fireman who suddenly realizes the emptiness of his life and starts to search for meaning in the books he is supposed to be burning . He quickly forms unusually strong bonds with anyone who seems to have true friendship with him . His biggest regret in life is not having a better relationship with his wife . And because he did n't have a very good relationship with his wife that is why she turned him in to the fireman and got there house burned.The way that Ray Bradbury makes this book seem is incredible . He has a special talent that lets him really involve and capture the reader 's attention . while I read this book I felt as if I was a silent observer that stood next to Guy Montag every where he went . I loved this book , and would definitely recommend this book to anybody who loves a great adventure and thrill .
 I really did not like this book ! Now , do n't get me wrong the idea was good , but the writing was horrible . I normally like Ray Bradbury 's work , too . The writing style was very repetitive and boring . I think that this is one of those books that could have been great if written differently .
 This summer we read this book . I hated this book for several reasons . First of all , the story was way too jumpy . It started slow , and then randomly got fast . It had absolutly no suspense to it . I found myself forcing myself to read ! I could n't relate to any of the characters ! For instance , some of the characters were too boring . Maybe if I read this book in this book in ten years I would have a different opinion . Another reason why I did n't like this book , is because the characters were n't seen enough . They were all just thrown in at different times . You did n't feel like you got to know them very well and I hate that . I would not recommend this book . I think that Ray Bradbury needs to rethink his book ideas ! I do not want to be critical of Ray Bradbury , but really I could n't stand this book . It had no meaning to me . It also , had a poor plot and setting . For instance , it was plotted in the future yet it was no different than today . I do n't plan on reading anymore or Ray Bradbury 's books !
 who ever wrote this dumb confusing book is in a mental state of mind ! Fahrenheit 451 is a overworded description of a fireman who lives on rebellion ! It is a bad influence on the young people of the world . THIS BOOK SHOULD BE BURNED !
 This book was way too weird for me and there was never a hook of curiosity . I was assigned to read this for school so that is the only reason i continued to read to the end . It made no sense and was very dull .
 I picked up this book with such high expectations-Ray Bradbury is relavtively famous , the book is fantastically reknowned , and it is about censorship , an issue that I really care about.Well . My expectations were smothered , stabbed repeatedly , and left on the floor to die . This is not a good book . Bradbury 's writing is incredibly confusing , and some pivotal parts of the story are so removed from the main plot that you ca n't understand them.Bradbury has a penchant for killing off characters . For example , one character , that changes the life of the main character , is dead 20 pages into the book . If she was burned 'cause she had books , fine , but she got run over by a car . How stupid is that?Pass this one up , and for a real futuristic utopia , try 1984 . Just not this .
 While I can appreciate Bradbury 's views on television 's effects on people , I believe he gave far too much credence to the communistic approach to controlling people by doing away with books . Considering the beautiful complexity of a book like Dandelion Wine , this was disappointingly simplistic and unrealistic . And as to the war and the ` bomb ' at the end , he stepped totally out of reality , since by the time this was written , the world would have known that the effects of radiation went far beyond the initial destruction . And he gave no explanation as to why there should have been a war at all . Bradbury ignored these issues to the detriment of his entire concept .
 ... and this one also ended there . Compared to Orwell 's 1984 and similar works , this novel is teen romance . It light-heartedly bounds through what it likes to think is a dark future . With all respect to the esteemed Mr. Bradbury , it reads more like Futurama.Aldous Huxley and George Orwell both cover this subject in much greater detail and provide a deeper sense of the darkness of our future . The themes of ignorance , gleeful mass-media mesmerism and inner conflict are better represented in their works.If you understand doublespeak , give this one a miss . It 's double-plus-ungood .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury ... all I can think of is hard to believe , boring , and extremely hard to follow . This story takes place in a place that is supposed to be in the future where books are restricted and illegal . Firemen did not go to set out fires , but to light books on fire . The main character of this story is Guy Montag , who is a fireman . He becomes friends with an odd girl named Clarisse . She changes his mind about his job and how life should really be . Television is more important than family in this story , and Montag 's wife , Millie , refers to the people in the television as her ` family ' . This book was very original and out of the blue and also creative . Ray Bradbury 's writing style was very interesting . He used a lot of skilled vocabulary that was confusing , and the whole book was like a jumble of words that were hard to understand . Some of the ideas in the book did not really pertain to the book 's plot . I would definitely not recommend this book to anyone below the seventh grade . I am a seventh grader in Massachusetts and I hated this book . I did n't like it because it was so boring and it goes really slow . Fahrenheit 451 is this kind of book that makes you feel like reading it was a whole waste of time because it was so boring and pointless . I would recommend this though to people above the seventh grade who like science fiction book . If not , this book is not recommended at all by me .
 I believe this book to be completely and inutterably crazy . I dislike it because of its content . Honestly i have read a lot more interesting books . Slowly i start to understand it but barely . Choice of words is what i believe to not be good . I think the story would be and entirely different book if Ray Bradbury would have chosen maybe some words and word phrases that children might understand better . I suggest to read this book if you feel like you have time . If your into all that science fiction stuff then you would probably enjoy this book much more than i ever will in two lifetimes . Goodluck , you might need it !
 It was one of the most boring books i have ever read in my life.Why everyone in this society is so narrow-minded . Mildred is the most stupid woman i have ever read for and beatty is one of the biggest liar.So i think Bradbury was probably drunk while he was writing this book .
 Being forced to read it in school for its `` so called `` relation to censorship -LRB- sp ? -RRB- I would have to say !! BURN IT !! Althoughthe book is about censorship and why/how it is wrong I ca n't say much good about it . The theme itself is good , but the story itself is trash . One of the most un-realistic ideas i 've ever heard . First off , everyone in the country is an idiot . Second , that includes the hero . Third , even those who have minds of their own have no intellegence . And finally , way to many cracks in the foundation of the story and two many holes in the story itself.L8r .
 At first I thought that Fahrenheit 451 sounded very interesting , and I was glad to see that my 10th grade teachers had assigned the reading of it . By page 3 of the novel , however , I knew this was not a book I would enjoy . While it 's a frightening , though thought-provoking look at the way society could become , it was extremely badly written . Bradbury goes on and on for pages of nonsense , and his words leave you with no more enlightenment than you had 50 pages ago . He uses redundant adjectives , and pointless sentences . I was especially annoyed when he would go `` inside '' Mr. Montag 's thoughts and repeat the same meaningless phrases over and over again . I would n't recommend this book to a single person , and my condolances to any other student forced to waste their time on this . Fahrenheit 451 is one of the few books I would gladly toss in the fire .
 I picked up this book because I had absoutely loved Huxley 's Brave New World and Orwell 's 1984 . I thought I would like this book , considering its subject matter . I was completely wrong . Those that compared this to the other two masterpieces , failed to note one thing
 How ironic that a book about limiting access to books is NOT text-to-speech enabled . By preventing access to TTS , the publisher has denied my blind husband the opportunity to read this book on his Kindle through text-to-speech as he wants to do . He will not buy audio books so the publisher makes no sale at all . He bought his Kindle for the express purpose of being able to read books through the text-to-speech function . Unfortunately , too many books have this feature disabled - often through Simon & Schuster . It is especially ironic that the publisher would limit the blind community 's access through Kindle TTS when this book centers around removing access to books . Everyone loses .
 I read this book after having read 1984 and Brave New World . It 's far less complex in terms of language and expressions than those two , which makes its reading easy and fast . But Farenheit 's story is clearly `` too much '' inspired by Orwell 's and Huxley 's work , with too obvious similarities hard not to be comparable at the same time you go through the book . An example , Farenheit 's big televisions on the walls in the houses . Remember Big Brother speaking from wallscreens in 1984 ? On the other side , Bradbury let us know that books are synonims of `` culture '' , and `` development of thinking '' , which in my opinion are arbitrary statements . There can also be non educative books as there are non educative tv programmes or popcorn movies.And the story changes its course abruptly at the end . The characters that did n't die are running madly across the forests , with an ending that is hardly convincing.My advice would be not to read this book , at least if you 've already read those other two ...
 I really did not enjoy this book at all . I felt that the plot was hard to follow and somewhat confusing . Some people have said that this book is written for high school students , but I really do n't think that it is . I 'm a freshman in high school and I really did not understand what was going on . I figured it out enough to kind of follow the story , but definitely not enough to actually get into the book . This is one of only about 3 books that I have ever read that I did not perfectly understand and enjoy . The basic idea of the plot is that Guy Montag , a fireman in the future , is paid to burn down houses that illegally store books in them . He meets some other characters -LRB- such as Clarisse , a 17 year old who lives in his neighborhood -RRB- who help him open his eyes to the world that he is being so blind to . If you enjoy reading about censorship or science fiction , this book might be okay for you . If you like stories that are pretty easy to follow and have a more realistic plot , do n't bother . -- luckiestarre
 Sorry to all of the people who loved this book
 I do n't like this book very much . This is the most boring book I have ever read . I will not recommend this book to my friends because it 's boring . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is about Guy Montag , a fireman , who starts fire but does not putout fires . In this society , the fireman has to set up fires and burn the books . Usually when we hear `` fireman '' , we always think about that their job is to put out fires . It is totally different than we thought , right ? This book is about censorship , that is , people does not have the right to read . In that society , the firemen have the rights to burn . Not only books , but also the houses and people . In this book , an innocent woman who has being burn in her house with her books . How can the fireman has the right to burn a human life , a human life ! Especially a book lover , How ?
 Length :
 The novel , Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , is about a man named Guy Montag who is a fireman . Unlike most ordinary firemen , he starts fires instead of puts them out . He burns books . If anyone in their town is caught with even only one book in their house , he comes and set the entire house on fire and lets it all burn to the ground . After a while he meets a girl and starts to fall in love with her . However , she likes books , and she reads them . So , he tries reading a book and he loves it . Then he stops burning them and instead he reads them while they live together . One time his boss came to his house while he was reading his book and he had to hide it . While he was talking his wife was cleaning and almost found the book.At first I thought that this was going to be a pretty good book . It might be kind of exciting , being about burning books and all . Since I personally hate reading then hearing about someone that burns books caught my attention . It turned out to be another boring book.This book would be better suited for older adults that like to read . Books that kids are required to read should be fun and exciting books not any of these boring books . There are plenty of books out there that would be much more interesting to read than the ones that we do read .
 Well , basically what happens without all the boring details is there is this guy named Montag and he is a fire fighter . The only thing is , the job of the fire fighter is to start the fires rather than putting them out . Well one day when he has to burn this old womens house it really hits him hard because she refuses to get out of her house before they light it on fire . So the firemen end up burning her house , the books that were in it , and the old lady . That made him think that there must have been something in those books worth dying for . Then he met this girl name Clarisse who made him start thinking even more . So he sort of came to the conclusion that he really did not enjoy doing what he did for a living .
 Okay , first off I would like to say that I enjoy almost any book I read . This book has made it to the top of my `` burn this book '' list . Dont get me wrong , the idea was well thought up , but the book was n't well written . First off , the book starts off with someone trying to commit suicide , and this character is saved even though she 's totally wack . Second , the main character is named `` GUY MONTAG '' . How origanal . Third , the people in this book are IDIOTS ! I mean , first they outlaw all `` offensive '' material , then they condense great novels into two page stories , and then they sit around on thier butt all day watching the `` family '' argue and OFFEND each other . The best character in the book simply dissappears in the middle of the book , and then she is found dead . Not only that but no one has friends . Not even your spouse is your friend . What kind of wack society does n't have friends . This book needs to be re-written , and seriously re-done
 As much as I love Ray Bradbury and all of his books , he should have the good sense to have an actor read Farenheit 451 -- Ray stumbles and mumbles his way through the book , to the point that his beautiful writing loses all it 's power and grace . Ca n't recommend this version , although the last disc is a nice interview with Ray about his writing process .
 at 180 pages i realized that i was one-quarter through the story and not even slightly interested in continuing . so i visited amazon ans clicked on the one-star reviews to see if their frustration was my frustration . if i finish it , it will be because i force myself . just before this book , i finished `` on writing '' by stephen king who points out -LSB- i almost wrote emphatically -RSB-
 I do n't think I 'm too dense . But this book was either way over my head or I just did not appreciate it . It definitely got some good reviews , and it 's one of those books that schools force upon you to read . So I gave it a shot . It was an interesting idea and a short read -LRB- thank god -RRB- , but I did n't like how it ended . It kind of gave me the same feeling as Children of Men and The Giver . The Giver is one of my favorite books , so I did not come into this with a prejudice . I just thought it was a really bad book . I 'm glad my high school never forced me to read it .
 We thought this book was a good one , but it started out to be slow and confusing . It is about a person name Guy Montag and he is a firefighter that burns books . He is starting to find out that it is not a good job , and he wants to quiet . This is all i can say because if I tell you any more it will give the book away . I can tell you that this is a science-fiction book , and it involves a different society . This is what makes the book so great.In conclusion , this is a good book , and even though it is hard to read in the begining , it gets much better . \ Thanks for reading this .
 I am admitting this review does not relate to the actual book but to Amazon so with apologies to Ray Bradbury ... Ten bucks ? Really ? Come on Amazon , you know this book is on a lot of school reading lists . My kid loves her Kindle but when I can buy her school reading book lists for $ 2 at the used book store , you lost . In fact , it is a weird circle of irony - we used to buy books , they got too expensive , bought the kindle , it was great , then you made the books expensive again and ... now we buy the books . You lost an opportunity here , Amazon . For the record , she hasnt picked up her Kindle in a month.Too bad for you .
 Some Authors should NOT read their books for the audio format . This is by far the worst I have heard . I found it extremely difficult to follow the story which sounded like it was being read by my great grandfather !
 Reading this book could be compared to watching a train being derailed while high on shrooms . The very definition of convolution , this book is confusing and ultimately pointless.Our hero , Guy Montag , hardly makes a compelling main character . We know him as little more than a book-burner who begins to have doubts about his task . That 's it . Period . Beyond that , he 's not developed at all in the ample page space provided . Any other characters have just bit parts and are painfully obviously killed off as soon as the author does n't need them anymore . It seems Bradbury has misjudged his own timeline , however ; many characters , especially Clarisse McClellan , could have been part of a great supporting cast if they had n't been gotten rid of when he did.Getting back to that `` pointless '' bit - well , that 's just it . I honestly did not take away a single thing from this book . It was completely and utterly uninformative , and the only way it made me think was to try and figure out where the characters where and what they were talking about . An issue in and of itself , the dialogue in Fahrenheit 451 is so heavily-laden with metaphors , and the parts of conversation passed so often between different characters , every time I discovered what they were talking about was a treasured moment . Anyway , the book does n't tell me anything . Guy Montag has doubts about his job , and runs away . Ok . So ? So what ? Why do I care ? This had great potential to be a commentary on the suppression of individuality , but like many other possible routes , that thought had been thrown away in favor of ... well , whatever this book turned out to be.An exercise in idiocy , this book should not be read by anyone who values his or her time . You wo n't learn anything and will ultimately be puzzled as I was when you reach the end of the book . Yet another `` classic '' that does n't deserve the title .
 This book , whilst very good to begin with , fails in the end beacause Bradbury attemptes to beat his message in too late in the piece . He spends too much time describing the story , and his message , as he has rendered it , is too complex to cram into 180 pages . I was told to read this book in school , but was not forced , as i have a passion for reading . Anyone who now loves the name `` clarrise '' for the sole fact that she was a nice person in the novel is a wierdo . But , other than that , i found it to be a tolerablebook , up until the death of beatty , when the novels plot development peters out , and we are left feeling cudgeled for the rest of the novel by its `` moral '' Im only 13 , so nyah BURN THE BOOK ! bradbury has failed miserably in creating this book .
 I thought there was no point to this book what so ever and i dont suggest anyone to read it ... ! i had to read it for school and i didnt even finish it because it was so bad !
 Our book club recently decided to make every other book choice a `` classic '' book which , for one reason or another , none of us has read . Fahrenheit 451 was this month 's choice . After plowing through Bradbury 's self-aggrandizing Foreward AND Introduction , I was ready to be enthralled . No such luck . This had to be one of the most abysmal books of all time . I suspect there 's a bit of The Emperor 's New Clothes -LRB- a much better read , by the way -RRB- going on here . In other words , if you dare to criticize Bradbury , then you must be one of the mindless rubes who hate books and philosophy and creativity and yadda yadda yadda . Fine , whatever . To put it delicately , this book stunk like yesterday 's diapers . I have nothing but sympathy for the poor students who are forced to read this drivel for class -- at least I had the option of putting it down . I am a college English major and a Senior Editor at a major publishing house , as well as an avid reader . Bradbury 's over-the-top vision of intellectuals being rebellious outsiders who are hunted down is hilariously vain . His celebration of intellect above all else excludes other virtues such as love , compassion , humor , etc. . Interesting how these themes are given such short shrift . Bradbury is an overheated , macho , pseudo-intellectual with a chip on his shoulder . After reading this , all I wanted to do was flip on the TV and watch Three 's Company reruns in order the cleanse the palate .
 I was very disappointed when I received this book . I order it for my childs school project , the book could not be used . Most of the pages where underlined in black magic marker , which bleed through to the other sides and the book had notes written in the margins . Very displeased , I had to go to a bookstore and buy another book . Lesson well learned .
 The protagonist in this story by Ray Bradbury , was a fireman named Guy Montag . The main antagonist was Captain Beatty who was the chief of the firemen . The story takes place in the future in a city like any other today . The only difference is that everything is run by computers and books are illegal to read and own . Unlike today , where firemen stop fires , their job was to burn books and houses they were in . It did not matter if there people in them or not . As the story developes , Montag becomes curious about what the prohibited books contain , so he steals them . Towards the end of the book he gets caught and becomes a fugitive . Although the book has a good message , it was extremely boring . It made us reflect on our own lifestyles , yet we did n't enjoy the way Bradbury wrote it . It was dry and basically boring . Yet the theme about finding our humanity and ourselves was eye opening . It made us wonder if our civilization will end up as Bradbury 's novel depicts . Will we end up , so wrapped up in ourselves and our technology that we will no longer have time to love others and have a mind of our own ? Or will we just walk through life , not feeling any emotions whatsoever towards anyone or anything and believe , in our dogmatic way , that this is happiness ?
 The book although very confusing , as the author uses too much detail , was intruiging . One of the things that did n't make sense was the reason for the character of clarisse mclellan 's dissapearance . The ending of the book is too sudden , as if he rushed to complete the book .
 I read Fahrenheit 451 this year , in the seventh grade , as a required reading . As I read this book , I got more and more confused . The plot twisted and turned and left me hanging wondering `` wait ... what happened ? '' . Mr. Bradbury used large words that I learned as vocab . I would recommend this book to no one under the age of about 13 , maybe 12 . I chose this age because of the hard concepts of burning books and the fast-moving plot of the hound .
 This book was very interesting , but I would n't consider it a Sci-Fi . It takes place in the future , and firemen do n't put out fires , they start them . Its about a fireman named Montag who starts to question the law that says you are not aloud to have books , and his adventure after . It was a difficult book to read , but there were some good vocabulary terms . It was also very descriptive . On a scale one to ten I would give it a six . It was a very creative story , but I am not a fan of many futuristic books . Kids under the sixth grade should not read this because they may get confused or not understand some of the words in the book .
 this book was really boring and i had to read it for a book report so instead of me reading the whole book i just rented the movie from blockbuster and watched the movie it was much easier
 The book was not that bad-but i would n't strongly recommend it . It was a bit weird for my liking .
 I heard so much about this book before I finally picked it up . And when I did get around to reading it ... I was n't impressed . Yes , the author 's ideas are scary
 Sure , this book gives some harsh warnings about the desensitization of our culture and the withering away of intellectual importance , but its radical premise detracts from the story 's legitimacy and worth . Bradbury anticipates a complete elimination of all books and literature , and I do agree that we are moving in a more automated , fast-paced society with less emphasis on love and personal relationships . But we will never reach such an extreme level , its simply a rediculous concept . I contest that we can not worry about whether others are getting their daily dose of Shakespeare , Joyce or the Bible , and if we choose to read on our own , we will always have the chance to do so . I imagine that if you are reading this review , you do n't run a high risk of losing interest in books in your lifetime . Yes , Bradbury does offer a striking prophesy of the direction of societal development , but to use this book as the basis for an outrcy against our culture 's future is ludicrous .
 I am a huge science fiction fan and heard from many people that this is one of the ultimate Sci-fi classics . So , I decided to read it . I was very dissapointed . Though some concepts were fairly interesting they were not developed , so book had no point . I can not understand why this novel is as famous as it is . Do not waste your time reading Fahrenheit 451 .
 Fahrenheit 451 is an unusual book about an alternate future . In this book , firemen have to start fires instead of putting them out . But they do n't just randomly burn down peoples houses . They burn down the ones in which people have books ; you may by thinking why would they care about books . Well , in this alternate future , books are illegal . I bet that this seems very ironic to you , but yes , it is a book about there being no books . I did n't like this book . I felt that that his writing style was very unusual . The author , Ray Bradbury , did n't have difficult sentences , but he did seem to jump around . He would never be very clear . Within each and every page he would jump around , or lose the readers attention by rambling on in an unorthodox style . If there were a prime age group for this book it would have to be junior high schoolers to high schoolers . That is probably because it is about that difficulty and this alternate future may be the most appealing to this age .
 First off , I have to say that the idea is n't that far fetched . It 's hard to imagine that someone in 1953 could depict our life so close to what it is like today . Television seems to run our lives and less people settle themselves in books . I say this because I 'm one of them , although I do enjoy a good sci-fi novel -LRB- ie . 1984 , Dune , Brave New World -RRB- . That said , I have to conclude that Bradbury did in fact write a flop ! It is true what they say about how you ca n't buy a book by it 's cover . I , just as many others , was encouraged to read from the title . The concept is excellent and to a point , realistic . What seems `` wrong '' with the book however is the lack of depth the other characters have . Clarise , the girl who turned Guy Montag 's head in the other direction , who had great potential , dies in the begining of the book . Her death seems meaningless as a result of lack of depth ... Mildred , Guy 's wife , who turns in her own husband , also lacks depth . The second reason which makes this book a flop is the lack of a conclusion . Not to spoil the ending of these great literary pieces , but the main characters in 1984 , Brave New World , and Dune either die , are defeated , or emerge victorious -LRB- not in that order -RRB- . But in F451 , Guy ends up roaming the lands with a bunch of Harvard and Yale hobos . The government , Big Brother , or whatever you want to call it , which was so obviously against him , could n't care less if he existed . And Guy 's cause failed to alter anything , other than relocating him to the woods . There seemed to be no major conflict . Sure , people will argue that the chase was a conflict , but it was not solved . Now , if this book was part of a trilogy , then maybe there is some reason to leaving the question unanswered to what was the purpose of Guy 's puiny uproar . But the fact is that the book is cut short . It deserved a better ending or even a better beginning . Whatever the case I felt thirsty for more at the end of the book , I had many questions unanswered , like what really happened to Clarisse , was she killed by a racing car or was she hiding from the government too ? Does Faber get in touch with those printing guys or is he caught by Big Brother ? There need n't be a happy ending , but to deprive the audience of an ending of any type spells out B A D S T Y L E.
 If the book was written intentionally this bad so the reader would be driven to burn the book in some kind of elaborate ironic metaphor , then maybe I get it . But its not . Or maybe if it was written before the genre defining steps made in 1984 . But its not . It is simply self delusional in attempting to convey an idea , plot or any form of characterisation.For starters , why did a fireman after 10 years of diligently loving his job suddenly realises the futile nature of his ways after listening to a girl talk rubbish for 2 minutes intervals over a 4 day period ? Why is it OK to get high on drugs and drive 90MPH around everywhere , but not read a book about philosophy in case a conceivable minority gets offended !? And why are books banned but every other type of media is n't . The book seems to suggest its their inherently edgy content , so why just ban particular books ? Why employ an entire emergency service to do this job ? And most importantly , how could any of the technological devices be engineered with the risk of the fire department coming round your house at any given moment to burn it down if you dared read a single book !? This could be all be forgiven if it was written well or follows an interesting story , but it just fails in every sense of the word . I have no idea why this book got so famous , it is plain stupid .
 When looking for a book to read , do not pick this one . I give this book two out of five stars because I did not understand the language , it is irrelevant to the world today , and some parts of the book make no sense.The book Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury in the 1900s . It is about a fireman named Guy Montag , and is based in the future . But instead of putting out fires , like today , the firemen in this book do the opposite
 This book was hard to read from the start . Eventually one can infer what is going on , but very little is explained plainly . The copy I read was from the library , and there were mispelled sticky notes throughout with what looked like two middle schoolers trying to figure out what was going on . -LRB- For instance , `` Why is Beatty ask about the dog ? Dose he know where the books are ? '' -RRB- The ending is alright , and I really liked the quote about how the inability to build creates a need to destroy .
 I had to read Fahrenheit 451 for class in eighth grade , and from the beginning , I knew this book would turn out be quite eloquent and philsosphical , but also extremely tedious . I almost fell asleep in some occasions . Bradbury does a good job describing sections in the story , but sometimes gets carried away and forgets about some mood . For example , when the city is bombed , there should be some line of chaos and the people inhabiting the city running for their lives . In conclusion , I struggled through the book and only read it out of coercion . I would never read this again .
 At one point Firefighters put fires out , now they start fires . Books are illegal , when found with books in your house , your house is burnt down . The protaganist , Montag is a firefighter who never questioned his job until he met Clarisse . Clarisse makes him think about why books are so wrong . Montag decided to rebel from his job and read books . This is all fine until his plan backfires . His house is burnt down , he loses his friends and his wife leaves him . Now Montag is running from the law ... One character that stands out in my mind is Clarisse . Clarisse is a seventeen year old who enjoy reading . She meets Montag and tells him that at one point books were legal . She explains to him why she reads and tries to convince Montag to read . She changes Montag 's opinion on books.I would recommend this book to anyone interested in futuristic books . This book may get a little confusing at points but it makes you think . You wonder what a world without reading would be like and if a world like this could ever exist .
 Perhaps it is dated . Perhaps it was just built up too much . But this is yet another book that came highly recommended , both by other ` day-to-day ' readers and critics alike , that i just could not enjoy.Bradbury 's tale of a world where books is banned has a powerful and interesting premise . But it does not seem to follow through for me . Which is a shame - here is a book that is about the importance of books in our lives , but it is so boring that rather than ` get something ' out of it , you just come away thinking how boring it is.Or at least i did .
 I 've just finished reading this book and although the premise behind it is intriguing , the books feels unfinished and rushed ... Also , Bradbury 's elegant and descriptive style of writing feels like a shroud that covers the rather poor character development and lack of interesting characters . This book also needs a large section -LRB- that should basically precede the book as it stands now -RRB- dedicated towards describing the overall setting and government climate in order to set the proper mood ... Therefore I can not recommend this title .
 Now , do n't get me wrong
 This book is boring . Unless you are interested in science fiction or Ray Bradbury 's work you probably wont like it . This book takes place in the future in a world where all books are banned . People spend a lot of time watching television . Montag , the main character is a firefighter who burns books . The story of the book is ok but it gets boring and there is no excitement . The book is easy to read and there is n't any very hard vocabulary . Do n't read this book if you are in fourth grade or younger because it might be to hard to read , just stick to the movie if you are interested in this topic .
 For the past few years , I 've been reading a lot of `` classics '' -LRB- everything from ancient epics/mythologies/Arthurian legend/Matter of France to Chaucer/Shakespeare to Kant/Hegel/Kierkegaard to the 19th-Century Russian novels to Borges , Joyce , Woolf , Kundera , etc. -RRB- , so I approached this work from a very literary perspective and with a reasonably solid foundation in literature . That being said , I am not entirely sure why this is considered a modern `` masterpiece . '' The concept is okay despite being derivative of earlier novels -LRB- of which , as has been said elsewhere , `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' are prime examples , though I think he owes a fair amount to Kafka as well -LRB- and , given the relatively prevalent fear of totalitarianism/tyranny throughout history , probably many others as well -RRB- -RRB- , but the execution is unexceptional to say -- er , type -- the least.I find the writing to be sophomoric and unpredictable
 I absolutly hated this book , It not only bored me but it aggervated me to the fullest . It was n't realistic and the things that happen in the book were just stupid ! Not to mention the main character 's wife was just a moron , and who wants to burn books ? I mean thats alittle odd , burning down houses because people owned books , ahhhhhhh , not a good book
 I AM A FRESHMEN AND I WAS REQUIRED TO READ THIS BOOK.I AM ON PAGE 29 . I DO N'T GET A WORD I HAVE READ . I FEEL LIKE I 'M READING IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE . MABY IT 'S BECAUSE I 'M YOUNG.OR BECAUSE I 'M ONLY ON PAGE 29 . ALL I KNOW IS THAT I 'M LOST.I WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL THE OTHER PEOPLE WHO REVIEWED THIS BOOK . YOU HAVE HELPED ALOT .
 Ray Bradbury was a fantastic WRITER . I wish he would have stuck to his strengths . Choosing to read this book himself for the audio recording was a tremendous mistake . His speech is , at times , nearly unintelligable -LRB- He was over 80 years old at its recording -RRB- . What should have been a wonderful audio book ended up being a complete chore to listen to . Writers of films know enough to cast proffesionals to act-out their visions . Writers should be no different . Do yourself a favor , read the book yourself .
 This may be a classic story , but Ray Bradbury is not a classic reader ... I could n't get through 5 minutes of his voice . I DO look forward to reading the actual book !
 I bought this book on tape as read by the author . It is excruciating to listen to . Do n't get this ! I should have known that an actor would be a better reader than an author !!
 This is Ray Bradbury 's worst book . I can not believe ... a good writer bombs here . 1st , Clairsse McCellan , the only one who I like in the book ... , then the book skids downhill from there . 2nd , There is a lot of taking the Lord 's name in vain , which is breaking a commadment and is a sin . Mr. Bradbury could do better .
 This book was horribly written !! It confused more than it enlightened !!! I did not enjoy it at all and I never plan to read it again .
 You always here of classics being read by generation after generation , this is n't one of those . It should be burned itself . I ca n't believe i read this dumb book
 I ordered a book for my grandson 's school summer reading program . The book was supposed to be Fahrenheit 451 and I received a totally different book . I returned the book and by the time another book could be sent would be too late.I probably will not order from this site again .
 yes
 The message of this book is that you always need books , no matter if you have internet , TV or whatever , you always will need a book , this message is written in a book of almost 200 pages , so if someone that does n't like to read reads this book that person will never read again no matter the message , this book goes out of the story so many times that you almost forget that story , maybe the only book who needs to be burnt is this one .
 when i read Farenheit 451 , my first impression was that this book is so screwed up . i mean like who would want to not read a book . thats just so wrong . the one thing i did like about the book was Guy 's wife , Mildred . i liked her alot because she said that the t.v was her family . she was a little crazy though . i also liked the part where she called the firemen and told them that Guy had books . then she walked out on him . i also liked the mechanical dog . that was something very original . i gave the book 2 stars because i really thought that it was a waste of time to read it . but you know , that is only my impression of the book.Writen By : Jessica C.
 I did n't really care for this book . Fahrenheit 451 is not far-fetched though . I think some of the material mentioned in this book really could happen in the future if we let it . This is a fairly good book overall , but I 'm rating it a 2 out of 5 stars because I was just confused . I am a freshmen in high school and my whole Literature Pre-AP class had to read Fahrenheit 451 for an assignment . Now I know what you 're probably thinking , well of course it 's going to be confusing for a freshmen . But , I beg to differ . This book is written good I suppose , but the story jumps around too much and certain parts come up and it is just plain confusing -LRB- i.e. Dentham 's Dentifrice -RRB- . Well that is about all I have to say about this novel . I 'm sure if I read it over again I would enjoy it more . But I do n't think this book would be much more than 2 or 3 stars .
 I first read this book in my L.A. class at school . This book has many meanings tied into it . Fahrenheit 451 is different then what I usally read . This book has so many hidden detals in it . In this book I can acutally see our world now ending up like the world in this book . The author of this book was brillant to make up a world like this . The main character Montag was great I could realt to him and put myself in his shoes that 's what I like so much about this book . If I did n't read this book in class I probably would never read it.Hi Ms. O !!!!
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , takes place in a futuristic society where reading books , or the written word , is against the law and if you get caught all of your belongings , house and all , get burned to the ground.Even though this book is completely unrealistic to our society and has firefighters burning down homes instead of saving them , it offers an insight to what live would really be like if there was no written word and if technology ruled our lives.Guy Montag , the main character and our look into the firefighting world , is a man content with his life and never thought of the right and wrong of his job until one day when everything goes wrong and he feels that his freedom is being oppressed.This novel contains some action and it better reading for an older reading audience but will be liked for years to come .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book is filled with action and suspense . If you like a book that has many twists and turns , then you 'll enjoy this book by Ray Bradberry . He tried to write about what he thought would be the worst future , with no books . They would set books onfire , because to read and poses a book is unlawful . The people believed that books made people upset , think up different ideas , and unequal . The firefighters we know now would set things on fire , not put out the fire like they do now . This book is fairly easy to understand , middle schoollers should be able to understand the vocabulary .
 The book , Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , is a perfect example of a science fiction book . This book is about the life of a fire fighter named Guy Montag who lives in a futuristic city where books are banned . The job of fire fighters in his view of the future are to set books and the houses they are hiding in on fire . The reasoning for this is that books are said to be evil and contain many different thoughts and emotions that are considered `` dangerous '' if people are exposed to them . This book pretty difficult to read based on its challenging vocabulary and its confusing situations . I would recommend this book to people no younger than 7th grade based on the content of the book , and I would recommend it to people with a strong interest in science fiction and futuristic books .
 Not being a passionate Science Fiction reader , I did not enjoy Bradbury 's writing ideas and form . I found this book to be a very slow read , not moving very fast . Some of Bradbury 's ideas did not seem to fit into the story . I found this story to be too far into the future to relate to . I found the action of burning books to be very unreal in any society . I have read some other stories from Bradbury and part of one of his other books , Dandelion Wine , and Fahrenheit 451 did not match up to some of Bradbury 's other works .
 The story of Fahrenheit 451 is a complicated one that tries to explain the future in an odd way that is not often expressed . It brings you into the warped mind of a fireman , who burns books rather than puts fires out . This book proves to be very novel and is interesting at times , but at other points it just seems boring and outright ridiculous . When I read this novel it made me think of what the present day government might do behind our backs to censor certain materials , but the novel can be so confusing that it is hard to find the relationship . Despite these setbacks , it shows how a few wrong moves and decisions by humans today can end up in grave results in the future.In this story , the main character Montag begins to run into people that alter his mind and make him think about the ethics of his job , which of course is burning books . Montag used to live his life smelling of kerosene , ravaging people 's houses , and setting books aflame , but he wants to know why he is doing these deeds in the first place . It is sort of difficult to see how books could be so horrible that they should be banned and burned . You learn later in the story , if you can read inbetween the lines of difficult language , that the government has put a ban on all books to prevent them from corrupting the minds of the people living at the time . Montag learns this and begins to live two lives ; one as a fireman , and the other as a madman hiding books in the vents of his house . While this is happening a war is going on that is so hard to understand and so irrelevant that it should just be ignored . The book continues to become more confusing , and the end is just unimaginable and pointless.If you love books that are outdated and totally science fiction , then this is the novel for you . It is a great piece of work that was new and exciting when it was written , but to most people today it would just seem odd and nauseating at times . It is totally unbelievable , and it was difficult for me to sit down and read this story because it was so complex and involved . It takes a person with an extremely vivid imagination to read this novel . It was meant to show how people can not let the government get out of control because they will eventually corrupt and control the minds of every last person on the planet , but this point is lost somewhere amongst the many plots and twists . It tends to be very odd take on the subject , and I would not really recommend using your time to check it out .
 I had to read this book for school , and I really did n't like it . There were good parts , but there was a lot of wasted words in other parts . I was very surprised that some of the bad events were in great detail and the ok parts were not . I hated the bad parts because they were so disgusting to read . I am only 12 and I think this book is better for mature readers . This book had a great theme , but a lot of the not so important events could have been taken out . If you are a mature reader and like science fiction , you will probably like this book .
 it was very boring and i did not lik it at all . it lacked a basic plot and character development . i was very disappointed with the novel and with Bradbury .
 I had to read this book for school , and at first I hated it . The beginning chapter is hard to understand because of all the symbolism , however , it eventually gets better . -LRB- slowly -RRB- It is easy to miss some concepts if you do n't read slowly enough . I felt that the ending was far-fetched and boring . I did enjoy reading about a dystopian society , but altogether , the book is tedious and slow-moving .
 This book just plain does n't make sense and it does n't apply to younger people . Even though many schools have made this book a standard for 9th and 10th graders to read , many of us just do n't understand and get lost . We understand about censorship and all that other stuff , but why are you telling us ? We are the ones that want to make everything more open . You make us read this book , like we are the ones trying to close everything up and prevent us from reading anything . I think the congress men and all adults should read this . Not kids . I personally think that teachers and educators could have picked a better book for us students to read . But that is my opinion , and suprisely many fellow students agree with me .
 Another dark , gloomy , mildly confusing , Blade Runner-ishview of the future lacking in any redeeming qualities . `` In the future , Firemen burn books '' -- Bradbury createsan inventive premise but his own gloom overtakes the story.Fraught with loose ends , this is the last book you readbefore you set yourself on fire .
 Bradbury is a good writer -LRB- I 'll give him that -RRB- , but I HATE his writing style . He starts making huge long mini-stories within the main story that has no point and is useless . He could have written this book in 50 less pages , and it might 've gotten 2 stars . I think this is a terrible book , no offense to anyone who likes it .
 If you are a high-school student , this would be a stunner , but to anyone with a little more life experience and a shred of political awareness , the book comes across as dated , patronizing and condescending .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a great book to read but deadly to listen to on the CD . Ray Bradbury reads in expressionless monotony . I tried to listen to the first CD five times and finally gave up . Stick with the book where you can supply your own voices .
 I am frustrated by the sloppiness of this book . From what I understand , Bradbury sat in a library and wrote it in a few weeks , and it shows . Montag is introduced as a man happy in his job . The meeting with Clarisse blows his mind ! But then Bradbury throws in numerous details indicating that his dissatisfaction has been mounting for some time . Although Montag is purportedly of a divided mind , the development of his character is very abrupt and unconvincing . But why develop what is essentially a mouthpiece for your own ranting ? Blech . Bradbury 's ideas have come to fruition in our time , but , ironically , his own work is not literature at all . I do not understand why this work is lauded as a classic .
 This book is pretty good , except it is definitely very advanced . It was very confusing , especially the `` TV family '' which I did not understand at all . It is more of an adult book .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray BradburyI didnt really like this book , it was all just people rambling on and on about how there life sucks , the whole worlds sucks , and burn books . I dont know how you could enjoy this book . People just talk to talk in this book . Its about a guy named montage that is a firefighter . He burns things instaed of putting fires out . He meets a wierdo girl who talks nonsense , this guy starts to think what hes doing starts reading books and gets caught . He then has to burn his books . He doesnt want to go to jail so he Runs away .
 I struggled through this book . If I had n't had to read it for school , I would have dropped it immediately . The story is dark and unhappy , and the writing style is so flat and boring . It seems as though the author is trying to use big flowery words and stuff , but it does n't work at all . This is a horrible book .
 Hey A reader from MISSOURI , I hear you . This book makes no sense what so ever and i had to read it for school . I have no idesa just how in the world a book this horrible could have stayed around for 40 years !!! I have talked to everyone I know and they all read the first 5 pages and immeadiatly hated it . THey rented the movie and watched some of it so they wo n't have to read it , and it was verbatum , and guess what ... it was even worse than the book ! I do reccomend this book to all of you ... well only if you want to find out how terrible books can get or you want to find out what type of flammable liquid burns better on books !
 This small book starts off nicely with a `` Fireman '' name Montag walking down the street . This takes place in the future where books are banned , and fireman set fires to houses with books . It 's a world where the government controls everything , and people are content watching television . As Montag walks he encounters a strange girl . A inquisitive teenager who tends to slowly open Montag 's eyes to the life that himself and the government has tried to prevent him from seeing.However , the book goes downhill from there . We later learn that the girl died , maybe or maybe not by the government . Then all forms of subtlety are thrown out the window . Montag burns a lady and her house down , but only after picking up a few books . He starts a conversation with a former literature professor , who discusses how the government and people disengaged themselves from the world of literature , and how to change their thinking . The worst part was when his fire chief enters his house and gives the typical bad guy expose to the good guy on what the government is trying to do . This dialogue is extremely forced and contrived and quickly bores the reader along while taking away much of the imagination of the what and why.He later kills that fireman and goes on the run after his house burns down , only to be left in a the countryside as a survivor , and tries to resurrect the world of books and open thinking . This again overtly ties into an over the top message on the good of literature and open-mindedness . For those who value subtlety and imagination , this book is not for you . While I respect and admire Bradbury 's plot and perspective , it could have been done in a much more presentable , believable , thought provoking , and by far more engaging way .
 I read the book Fahrenheit 451 for English class and was not impressed with the way the story was written . In general , the book is about censorship . It is the story of a society where books are outlawed because the lead to conflicting points of view , offend minorities , and cause confusion . Firefighters have the job of finding ` criminals ' who are hiding books in thier homes and burn the books.I found this book to be boring and unexciting . There was very little description and this led me to be confused about several parts of the book . A few of the repeated aspects of the story were never fully described which led me to be unsure of what exactly they were . For example , the seashell radio that Montag 's wife Mildred uses . A little more description would have made me understand more clearly , what it did and said . I was also confused about what the ` family ' was that Mildred and her friends were constantly watching on the wall . These details of the story made me lose interest in the book . I also think that the reason for banning books was not made extremely clear . More solid reasons should have been given , other than the vague explanations.Another fact that I found annoying was that houses were fireproofed in this society . That is why firemen as we know them were not needed any longer . Therefore , it seems to me that the firemen in the book should not have been able to burn the houses of the people hiding books.The most exciting and best part of the book came at the end when Montag had escaped from his old world and was living with intellectuals away from civilization . Montag and his new friends survive an attack during a war and set out to rebuild the world . Although this book ended better than it began , I do not recommend it .
 this is very dissapointing , cause after all i heard about the book i thought it suppose to be a masterpiece , but after reading it i discoverd that the writing is very poor , the story is bery weak , and the plot is dull.i think the book lost most of it 's taste - a similat book like 1984 is more prefferd to read .
 Bradbury has set forth some interesting ideas and prophecies in this book but as far as entertaining and suspensful goes I would give it about an `` F '' grade . It squeeks two stars .
 I have infinite patience when I am personally pretentious , self-absorbed , and dull . I do n't have the same patience when I read books that are that way , though.The story is about a futuristic world where knowledge , thought , and argument have been banished in favor of momentary happiness , thrill , and pleasure . The protagonist , Guy Montag , is a fireman . In the future , instead of fighting fires , they are in charge of lighting them . They are the front line defense for society against the societal decay caused by books , so their job is to go around burning down the houses of those who own and read books . Montag , at some point , realizes the importance of books and instantly becomes an enemy of the state , a target of the same department that he worked for.One problem with this book is in the fact that Bradbury ca n't create a realistic world in which these events could become a reality . Granted , he was writing 50 years ago , so he would n't have had knowledge of the type of entertainment which exists today , but all he seems able to conjure up is the concept of immediate , personalized entertainment as if that is the only type of entertainment that would remain . He creates a world -LRB- or just a city , because this type of environment only seems to exist in the city -RRB- where people are zombies sitting in their homes surrounded by television screens that are running all the time telling the people what they should think and feel . Conceptually he was n't wrong , it 's just his clumsy handling of the telling . He ca n't create a solid series of steps that lead from the present day to that future -LRB- though he tries -RRB- . He ca n't recreate the sort of television show that these people would watch , and he ca n't explain clearly why anyone would want to watch it.Beyond the setting , the characters themselves are one-dimensional . They are all archetypes , and none have the spark of life which would make them interesting . Clarisse , the dangerous intellectual adolescent ; Montag , the newborn Man whose eyes have recently been open ; Faber , the reluctant wise man ; Beatty , the hardened symbol of the State , who is a very capable parry to the thrusts of Faber ; none of the characters have any depth whatsoever.The writing itself was a pain to read . Bradbury ca n't seem to figure out which word he needs to use , so he opens a thesaurus and dumps as many words as he can onto the page . In addition , he wanders off on tangents without bringing those tangents back to the main storyline . Furthermore , his dire need to make his point -LRB- a panoply of ideas is good , not bad -RRB- by either having the characters themselves soliloquize it , or by doing it himself in wandering , dull monologues . This is the sort of self-absorption I allude to in the title to this review.To drive home the fact that Bradbury thinks he 's God 's gift to knowledge , the afterword and coda and interview with the author leave nothing to the imagination . According to Bradbury himself , he 's got tons of ideas of how to make the story better . None of those ideas have to do with improving the writing , just making each character 's monologue longer . He claims to refrain from adding those updates to this edition of the book -LRB- 50th anniversary edition -RRB- because he feels the original text , as the author wrote it , is pristine and perfect . His contempt for editors is plainly spelled out at various places in the tacked-on content.I really ca n't recommend this book to anyone who has already graduated from high school . The story is poor . The writing is poor . The author 's point is all it 's got of value , and even that is nothing special . It may be helpful to know the character of Guy Montag in case it ever comes up in conversation , but other than that , I ca n't think of any reason to spend time with this book . 2 stars
 This book is one of the worst I have read !! Classic or not it still was bad !!! I had to read this for school and I hated it ! It was soo simple . Only one thing happens in the entire book and that one thing is n't even exciting !
 I thought this would be a interesting look at the future , and since it 's heralded as a great classic , I decided to read it . I 'm sorry , but this book is just DISTURBING . I could n't even bring myself to finish it . The plot was confusing , the characters were dull , and the idea is to horrid to contemplate . The `` hero '' , Guy Montag , is a strange man in the beginning , and becomes a fugitive murderer later on . Unless you want to see an awful , bleak look into the future , DO NOT READ FAHRENHEIT 451 !
 I read this book and i hated it . Do n't waste your money on it . It will ruin any respect you have for books . Three words
 I first read this book for an English assignment at school . After reading the first few pages I was completely lost . Bradbury expresses a world far different from ours which can seem scary and unrealistic . It is very easy to get caught up in all the different things that happen and it is hard to get into the mood of the plot . Definetly not the greatest book in the world . Personally , I hated the book .
 I am sorry this book did not make any sense and I am a straight A student . If you have a choice I would n't pick this one .
 Heyyyy I had to read this book for school and it was the worst thing I ever read . A worthless good for nothing piece of junk ! Actually it is good for something . I took this book with me to rifle practice and i shot at this instead of the target . I got busted but hey it was worth it . Mail me if you want a picture of my shooting .
 first of all i was assigned to read this book for a class . it started out lame . and all it did was get worse . who cares about a firefighter who burns book . now come on , i could write a book , about books , ten times better then that . maybe if the books had names and talked then maybe it would of caught my attention .
 This book really sucks . It makes no sense whatsoever and is a waste of my time . Ray should have had better things to do
 This book started out weird and ended up wierd and boring ! The author has a good idea . We should read instead of watching TV , but if this book is one of the choices you had better turn the TV back on . I mean who in his right mind would ever write a book with 4 wall TVs , robot dogs , and burning books . And the story never really had an ending . It just stopped , I guess to end the boredom . I think the author had to get some sort of deal with all the teachers to assign this book . How else would it get on the required reading list ? Maybe he gives 50 % of the profits from sales . Please do n't buy this book , you are supporting a lunatic .
 I 'm no advocate of book burning , but burn this book ! It was terribly disappointing -- lots of hype over a cheesy science-fiction novel . There are two major problems with it . One is poor language usage -- lousy descriptive word choices , lousy metaphors and similes that make inappropriate comparisons -- and two , not enough attention paid to societal problems that give rise to things like book burning in the first place
 Here is a recent example of this author 's online reasoning , which he proposes others should be governed by in a free republic : `` Let us assume that two planets which have not yet been inhabited by humans are to be colonized by them ; on Planet Alpha , heterosexual couples only are assigned ; on Planet Beta , only homosexual couples . In one hundred years , will both islands be populated assuming that reproductive technologies are not available to either group ? I suggest that Planet Alpha will be ; but Planet Beta will not . Why ? The basic answer is to be found in the biological complementarity of the heterosexual couple necessary for procreation that is absent in same-sex couple . This is a scientific argument ... `` As I suspected , Natural Law theorists are about as serious as Trekkies
 I 'm a huge fan of both the film and the author -LRB- check out his music ! -RRB- but was pretty disappointed by this book . While Jaworzyn 's choice of quotes -LRB- it 's told ` oral histroy ' style a la Please Kill Me , etc -RRB- certainly gives insight into things such as the process of making the film and the now legennadry financial fallout that followed , very little is told about the characters or the script . The detailed descriptions of what exactly went into filming border on the academic and may bore the bejeezus out of anyone who does n't already have a background in filmmaking . There is very little information on the writing process - maybe it 's just me , but I would have preferred to hear who inspired the Hitchhiker character , for instance , than read pages about foreign licensing and shady deals .
 Do n't be tempted by the apparently convenient small size of this road atlas -LRB- it would fit in a # 10 envelope . -RRB- The trade-off is that the maps are just too small to read if you 're over 40 , and insufficiently detailed no matter what your age . Also because of the small page sizes , the maps are chopped up incoherently and it takes a lot of `` random access memory '' in your head to line up each map up with the next , which may or may not be adjacent , in the book . As a result , the Michelin Quebec Atlas and Travel Guide is not good either for details or the big picture.Save your money and stop off at the first Walmart you see upon arrival in Quebec and get yourself a human-sized road atlas . Nice spiral-bound ones are readily available for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Canadian.The suggested travel itineraries are fine , if skimpy , in this booklet , but you can get that kind of information , with more detail , in many other places . My favorite guide book to Quebec Province is the Ulysses Travel Guide Quebec , available from Amazon.com . While it 's not got any serious road maps , the advice and what-to-see information is much stronger than this little thing .
 This book may be of value to someone who really knows Virgil and Virgilian scholarship , but Horsfall 's style is so idiosyncratic , and his approach so random , that students and other intermediate readers are best warned off . Ideas are presented , or hinted at , in sentences or sentence fragments overflowing with parentheses , exclamation points , question marks , footnotes , and cross-references . The text is poorly edited and in places does n't make any sense at all . Overall , one gets the impression that Horsfall -LRB- who wrote most of the book , and translated two chapters from Italian into his own idiom -RRB- is a brilliant scholar who welcomes us into his brain but really ca n't be bothered tidying up before we come in .
 BloodRune is written in a unique first-person present-tense that I 've never seen in another book . This gives a very interesting perspective on the story itself when told as it 's happening by the characters that are there . This book follows characters more than the plot , and that 's reflected by a bit of a lack of direction to begin with but is tied together once the plot is worked up to . In much the same light , there 's a fair amount of content to begin with that seems pointless at the time , mere plot filler , but much of that is explained once the plot starts to come into play . BloodRune ends with a dramatic twist , leading up to the series that was intended to follow . Unique characters , carefully placed humor , realistic plot development , and a very interesting perspective make this book worth taking a closer look . A free preview of two pages can be found at the publisher 's site .
 I have read a lot of books , introductory and advanced , on the philosophy of mind , but I rarely review them . However , this book had some flaws that were just so evident that I felt I had a responsability to comment on them . But of course , I will not just shun the book and leave . Not everything that is flawed is useless . This book , far from being useless , is an adequate introduction to the philosophy of mind . But the author does not have this as his only goal , and also attempts to defend a property dualistic ontology of mind . He is also an emergentist , but here I have few objections . But emergentism itself is not incompatible with materialism , as the author seems to imply sometimes.The book is short , easy to read , and covers the necessary ground for any begginer who wants to learn the generalso of philosophy of mind . There are chapters on the diferent types of dualism , materialism , philosophy of artificial intelligence and on intentionality . The author discusses classic and modern positions in all of these things , and makes it all clear and non-technical . The problem is that everytime he tries to attack some position or other , he simply does not seem to succeed . I mean , even Descartes 's substance dualism is defensible form Jacquettes critique ! Now to be more specific , I will limit myself to his main argument against materialism , for wich he concludes propery dualism is a better bet at expaining the ontology of mind.The argument is roughly as follows -LRB- Pge 20 -RRB-
 This `` book '' -LRB- 40 pages , including the back cover as a page ! -RRB- is very close to completely useless . Poorly organized , it does give some useful information , but it rarely puts it in a useful context . The very few drawings are of poor quality and tiny to boot ! If you 're looking for a start-to-finish process of how to side a house , as I was , this is NOT it .
 I was hoping to find detailed instructions for selecting vinyl siding and installing accessories like soffits , trim , adding insulation , etc. . I already know the basics of hanging vinyl siding . I found a lot of the instructions and many of the diagrams confusing . I found the FREE planning guides and installation instructions from the siding manufacturers more helpful . At $ 14.95 it is not worth the money .
 This book should be titled `` How to Bend Aluminum '' . It is poorly written and even worse when it comes to the useless illustrations . It has no business being advertised as a vinyl siding book , and if you should buy it , I 'm sure you will find it a waste of your money as did I.
 I wo n't go into the plot as other reviewers have already given you a rather complete synopsis . After the beginning of the book the character development was weak and disappointing . Annie starts out as a strong , quirky individual by mid-book she 's so hung up on Jake that she looses her charm and strength of character . Jake was just too angst ridden for me to enjoy . The secondary characters problems just brought the book down further . That , and that their major maritial problem is resolved by sex in the sauna well , once again a female character `` melts '' ... pun intended . I guess I had anticipated stronger female and male characters , the ones I get from ... I think Ms Wells shows promise but the next book I 'll get from the library .
 Too much time spent on secondary characters or too much time spent apart by the main characters made this very slow reading for me . I really liked Jake to begin with but I eventually came to not really care . The initial conflict was very strong , but then the author seemed to drift off and care more on Jake 's in-law 's relationship . The final conflict was resolved too easily for me to really buy into it.But it 's not all bad . Ms. Wells writing voice is smooth and easy . I 'd be interested to see what she comes up with in the future .
 I found the product inadequate . This CD is a collection of children 's songs , with some narrative , spoken by a child in Japanese , preceding each song . The weird thing is the narrative is completely unrelated to the song . Even my 9 year old figured out that the song following the child 's narrative , was in her words `` completely random '' . I do n't know why the narrative would n't have a strong -LRB- er -RRB- relationship to the song . That aside , the songs chosen are perfect for very young children , under age 10 . But there is no way you are going to `` learn '' Japanese by listening to this CD . The best result would be that you and a child would improve listening comprehension , which is n't a bad goal , but is n't how I interpreted the CD as advertised .
 This story is widely depicted as a story of irrational jealousy and distrust -- that of a married man unreasonably jealous of the attentions of another gentleman 's attentions to his wife , and the married man 's distrust of his wife 's protestations of innocence.It is far more interesting a story if one knows that Trollope , himself , engaged in such a relationship while married , having fallen in love with a woman -LRB- considerably his junior -RRB- -- a Miss Kate Field , whom he met while visiting his mother . Apparently he visited her in America without his wife , wrote many letters to her , and eventually introduced her to his wife on a subsequent visit.One may speculate , then , that the relationship with Miss Fields , while close , and often written about as one of unconsumated love , may have caused Trollope 's own wife to exhibit what he considered to be irrational jealousy and distrust , especially since his marriage vows are said not to have been broken with Miss Fields.It is left , therefore , to the reader , both of his autobiography and of his novels , to determine the more interesting question of whether `` infidelity '' can entail attachments of the spirit as well as those of the flesh , and whether this novel is not a reflection of the novelist 's own marital difficulties , and , perhaps , of his attempt to rationalize his own behavior .
 The section on humor is very good , but if you want to improve your presentation skills , it 's no point reading a big book , you have to practice to improve.This book could have been more useful if it were more concise .
 I am a senior English major at the University of Vermont and at first I was surprised to think that that this book might be a bit over my head . I now see that Mazur is simply horrible at logically conveying her very complicated literary opinions . She also just might be too smart for her own good , but she should still be able to make a coherent point . Mazur continually runs the reader in circles with her overly complicated sentence structures and writing style , and worse , she never really makes concrete conclusions to follow her already incomplete theses.Here is an appropriate analogy to put Krystyna Mazur in a nutshell
 I 'm sure the ` Did you find this review helpful ? ' patrol will vote me off the island , but this is absolutely the WORST collection of erotica I 've ever read ... and I 've read -LRB- er um -RRB- lots.Look elsewhere ... this one 's a snooze .
 This book is so boring that doctors should recommend it to those with insomnia because it 'll put you right to sleep . Billed as an erotic book of essays , it did not succeed with its task.The author seems to dwell in his promiscuity , but bores us with stories about his furniture and odd stains on his upholstery instead of telling us how those stains got there.In another essay he tells of his dying lover in the hospital and the last time they performed together , then , at the funeral , his lover 's nurse comes to tell him that he was `` with '' the lover several times -- and the author thought that was comforting . Yet there were no details of any of these couplings.There is a point when trying to write erotica intelligently , which I am all for , that the writer inadvertantly eradicates all hints of passion and heat . The author completely leaves his readers cold and unmoved and still not in the mood , which is unfortunate . This book could have been very steamy and still maintained its dignity had the writer moved into the scenes and relived the physicality of his sessions . But no , we are to read about distant memories that have no feeling or touch attached.Instead of this book being labeled and marketed as erotica , it should have been listed as autobiographic ... and if these are the highlights of a life , I feel sorry for the subject -- how can one lead a life so boring ?
 I was new to Guanajuato and enjoyed the parts of the book the discuss the city . But the story line was trite , even contrived . THe &#34; culinary &#34; part of the mystery included recipes that , while tasty , are hardly gourmet -- they mostly consisted of things made with Campbell 's soup . Not one that I recall was indigenous to Mexico . At least it was a quick read .
 I wish I had bought the Roget 's International version . There are so few synonyms in this thesaurus -- and if I want definitions , I 'll use the dictionary . Synonyms
 Buy `` The Synonym Finder '' if you want a REALLY good thesaurus . I am only familiar with the first edition of `` Roget 's II , '' but I consider that edition to be among the worst volumes in print .
 I do NOT recommend this reference book . It has very little synonyms and merely takes up shelf space .
 Not for use by writers or anyone interested in the language
 Let me preface this review with a disclaimer
 Joyce was quite understandably frustrated when his magnum opus , `` Ulysses , '' did not immediately receive the critical attention he felt it warranted upon its publication in 1922 . Thus it was that the artist , while composing his next work , `` Finnegan 's Wake , '' got into the habit of periodically banging his head against the typewriter keys , a poignant expression , obviously , of the searing torment boiling within him.Happily for us , the result of these repeated cranial collisions can be viewed in the contents of this volume .
 Okay , this edition of Finnegans Wake may not exactly be dishonest , but it is disingenuous enough to be seriously misleading . Up front they tell you that the text of the book is taken from the first edition published in May of 1939 . This is true , but it does n't tell the whole story , and most people have no idea what it really means.Finnegans Wake was originally published in 1939 . The first edition was replete with errors and typos -- thousands of them . James Joyce spent the last two years of his life -LRB- he died in 1941 -RRB- going through the text correcting the mistakes . An errata list comprising many single-spaced pages was printed in the back of the second edition , and the third edition had all of Joyce 's corrections incorporated into the text . So the third edition is the definitive one.But Penguin is reprinting the first edition . Get it ? The text you 'll be reading will have all of the typos that Joyce spent two years correcting -- uncorrected.Viking does have the third edition of Finnegans Wake in print . It 's smaller , with smaller type and not nearly as pretty a cover , but it 's the text that Joyce approved . I would get that one -LRB- it has a white cover with a green stripe going across the middle of it -RRB- , and leave this edition alone .
 As one of the reviewers noted in his review , I too have given many postive marks to those who have given five-star reviews for this novel ; because some reviewers have made very good arguments in defense of this novel . -LSB- I never give negative marks on anything , even if I do n't like a review , but I do give plenty of positives -RSB- Therefore , before you begin to throw the bricks and sling your arrows at me , please let me try and explain why I gave this book such low marks . First of all , I have tried to read -- or at least decipher `` Finnegans Wake '' on four different occasions . I see from some of the reviews that anyone who attempts to disagree with this novels merits gets pelted with negative marks . For those of you who enjoy this novel , good for you ! I do not profess to be as knowledgeable as some of you may be on this books merits . But I DO KNOW WHAT I LIKE ! And I did not like this novel.I first tried reading `` Finnegans Wake '' when I was in High School -LSB- it was not required reading -RSB- because I heard so much about it that I wanted to read something challenging . And challenging was an understatement . Realizing I was young , I attempted it much later while in the military . As if military life were not frustrating enough . It was not until I entered college , where I was reguired to read the novel , that I did so with true earnest
 OK , so , yes , some sort of very sophisticated intelligence was involved in this work . No doubt the allusions , multi-lingual puns , and invented words that fill over 600 pages were carefully chosen . But as a whole , or even in small parts , it does n't make any sense and does n't yield even to careful analysis and background research.There is no plot , it explains nothing , and it describes nothing coherently . If the goal was to capture the confused , disorganized dream state of a polygot Irish writer then , yes , it 's all there on paper . But was an entire book needed for this?The hubris of this undertaking -- and of the literary critics who saved it from obscurity -- can be seen in the condescending introduction to this Penguin edition , where the editor writes : '' ... any reader can enter Finnegans Wake and find something to absorb him -- as long as he or she does n't expect to find it all in one place or , complementarily , understand everything else that appears around it . It is even possible to argue , with this same logic , that Finnegans Wake may be more accessible to the common reader that Ulysses -- or , for that matter , War and Peace or Remembrance of Things Past -- since one does n't have to comprehend it as a totality to profit from it or enjoy it . `` In other words , unlike those other books where we read about people , ideas , history , etc. here we can just enjoy the sound and look of random phrases and sentences , the way a baby enjoys pleasant sounding nonsense.The introduction goes on to say , `` It can sometimes seem that one is doing well if one makes sense of only a sentence or two on a single page . If , however , one surrenders the need to be master of everything -- or even most things -- in this strange and magnificent book , it will pour forth lots of rewards . `` I humbly disagree -- one or two identfiable bits of prose per page is almost by definition an unsatisfactory reading experience . And the estimate of one to sentences per page is high -- after a paragraph or two of incomprehensible invented words , even a few straightforward words or sentences have no context or meaning.I would n't discourage people from buying this book , just to see for themselves how weird it is . But I would n't say its a good book , anymore than the scholarly yet demented ravings and ramblings of a schizophrenic former PhD student on a streetcorner constitute good oratory . Fascinating , but more worthy of medical and psychiatric scrutiny than literary study .
 Into the gobbledeegook go slipper the whipper and the trimtrammaduhdeedo , believing the glubbledubble spewed forth by a madman.What do you think , am I a genius or what ? Just send me twenty bucks and I 'll send you the next 600 pages.Here are three words for Joyce that he should have tried to make sense of
 There may be rewards here for people who are intelligent enough and have the time to spend , but that 's not me . I 've always felt `` smart . '' -LRB- 800 , 800 and 730 on the GRE 's - degrees in mathematics -RRB- but this book made me feel like a mental midget . Either Joyce had an I.Q. of about 775 or there is nothing here to understand . I do n't have time to find out . At least we got the word , `` quark , '' from this book .
 FW will soon be forgotten because soon -LRB- a century ? -RRB- no one will be able to understand it . As it is , only a few thousand people in the entire world bother with it now because it is too difficult and arduous to read . Reading FW is more like a language project than a pleasant reading experience . Some people like to work out mathematical theorems . Some may like working out FW . I do not . With each year , because of the way language changes , FW will become more and more incomprehensible so that there will eventually be more people around who read and understand Old Norse than this novel . Joyce , who loved languages , should have known that . As it is , he wrote a novel with its own built in destruction . He consigned it to what is a certain and inevitably obscure death .
 Reading somewhere that Finnegans Wake was one of the greatest novels of this century , I decided to give it a try . When I was taking it out of the library the librarian told me that she had never known anyone to check it out before . This should have told me something right off . Eagerly I turned to the first page and was hit with `` riverrun , past Eve and Adam 's from swerve of shore to bend of bay , brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle ... '' Then I came on to `` bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk ! '' I quickly scanned the rest of the book `` Surely it ca n't go on like this for the whole thing ! '' I thought in despair . It did . I tried to read two pages of it then gave up in disgust . `` Whats the use of reading it ? It does n't make any sense or mean anything at all . '' It was like I was just reading a string of words that had nothing to do with each other , I saw no use to waste my time with it . I 'm not saying that just because I could n't read it does n't mean its not readable . I 'm sure a lot of intellctuals have -LRB- fun ? -RRB- reading it and also have fun telling other people they are stupid oprah reading TV obssessed coach potatos if they do n't like it also . Some of these reviews have shown the people that like this book to be in this frame of mind . Anyway , if you like it then fine , but I ca n't see the point in trying to decode it , it was n't like Joyce was the messenger of god , why should decoding nonsense passages like the above be so important ?
 One wonders how many of the positive -LRB- 4 or 5 stars -RRB- reviewers here are either -LRB- 1 -RRB- intellectual poseurs who say they 've read the book cover to cover but actually have n't read more than a little ; or -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they have read it in its entirety , whether they have too much spare time on their hands.One thing it is not -LRB- contrary to what some pretentious reviewers here would have you believe -RRB- is a `` fun read '' or `` page turner '' . Despite some glittering word play and demonstrations of great scholarship , Finnegan 's wake is a hulking mess .
 With this lit tall reave view I rue in all love Joyce is `` Fink Against Wake . '' Poor Read errs , why do use still read that mess ?! Be cause it is litterassure ! Aye con cur ! Joyce sad little skill lend less art . I ownly at hack him be cause tomb many read errs prays him . He is dead end gone . I am all I 've ! Your hear owes dead ! Go back kenned lessen to what he rote . Then calm back hear end read this say gain . Come pair . There is no con test .
 `` Out door , keel cooling vorsnevou . '' You could add this sentence to this mass of drivel and no one would know it was n't written by Joyce . If the point of this book is the utter incomprehensibility of mankind , Joyce greatly contributes to it with this rambling waste of paper . A monkey and a typewriter could have written this `` experimental '' trash . I can not see any way in which this `` work '' is a classic . It is stream of conscience gibberish . Anyone could have done it .
 I am a fan of Joyce 's writing especially Dubliners and Portrait of the Artist , but this is pure garbage . Thank goodness for the look inside features at amazon , so that people will be able to know what to expect when ordering Finnegans Wake . The novel has no plot and lacks the vivid descriptions of seemingly meaningless things that made Joyce 's other novels so great . Here , he picks random foreign words and places them wherever he please just to make his book seem original and artistic . The result is an incomprehensible piece of garbage that is not only plotless but devoid of any writing ability and talent.Use the look inside features to see what I 'm talking about .
 My daughter just finished her first year as a literature major at an Ivy League school and we spoke about Finnegans Wake.For years , I have asked English Lit experts what is the genius of Finnegans Wake . No one could give me a straightThe Emperor has no clothes . No one knows why this is great , save for some so called experts who extol this book.I beg of anyone out there , please email me tell me why this is not drivel . You can reach me at alkruse@gmail.com
 There is nothing worse than an illiterate writer .
 If you are one of the 7 people who understand FW , please let me know.For years , I have asked
 This is an ongoing hoax perpetrated , sustained and constantly embellished by a Literary Establishment who simply wish to award each other doctoral degrees in pretending to understand this mishmash of a book . It may very well be the worst thing ever published . It is certainly the worst thing ever published with college courses based around it .
 The cow who dried up was an udder disaster ... like this gibberish novel . Even JJ 's best friends and critics called it drivel -LRB- his brother included -RRB- . I guess after writing Ulysses , JJ felt somehow had to create something more mystic . Well , he certainly succeeded . I have a standing $ 1,000 bet with anyone and the challenge is that I will open 3 random pages of FW and have the reader explain , in detail , who the parties are , what the sentences are about and mean . I am quite confident than there is no one out there who can do that . Period . So much for a memorable reading experience .
 Will someone please , please tell me what the heck this man is talking about ? This is the book for people who did n't find The Jaberwocky to have quite the necessary amount of pretentious pseudo-english garbage . Do n't even bother trying to read this .
 True , Joyce 's many masterpieced work of profound interjectional superiority has at last brought the final jigsaw piece to this unChristianly magnifique port-en-tois ouevre ... But that 's why it 's sooooooo good ?! Hello , my name is Rajish . I am an 8th rank student from The Calcutta Institute of Fine Literary Works . Tonight , we will take a journey of unprecedented backwardness and desolution . When I was 4 years old , my friend and I went to the local book shop to buy our first copies of Finnegan 's Wake -LRB- FW as we affectionately called it -RRB- . When we came home we read our copy of FW with the greatest of zeal and devoured the conduit imagery and allusion in this densely conceived and lightly told work . The effect , of one who studies it as my friend and I do , is of entrancement and utmost vermisiltude . By the end , we feel so lost and alone , so dissapointed by literature and its pseudo-world of false authoritarianism , we vow to never read again . Except for Eddy Said that is . Please read this book and join us postcolonially . Peace .
 Stream-of-conscious blather that only a psuedo-intellectual could appreciate . I ca n't imagine being the person who had to proof-read this drivel , I would sooner plunge my hand into a vat of boiling oil . If it were possible I would give this book zero stars . You 'd be better off spending your money on some LSD and interpreting the meaning of the waves in your fingerprints .
 Obviously both and Finnegan proves it . Joyce spent seventeen years on this book , which can be properly read and understood by only one person - James Joyce , who passed away in 1941 . Now if you 'd like to devote yourself - and perhaps your life - to achieving an understanding of Finnegans Wake , you are certainly free to do so . And , having once attempted to achieve such understanding myself , I can assure you that some of your time will be well spent . But the facts are as follows :1 . Joyce was fluent in a number of European languages and had a nodding acquaintance with many more .2 . From this knowledge he fashioned a special vocabulary of multilingual blends and puns which he used , with ordinary English syntax , to create the solipsistic discourse of Finnegans Wake . It is , in effect , a private language .3 . Since most of his vocabulary is drawn from , and puns on , the languages Joyce was familiar with , the only way one can begin to understand what 's happening is to be as familiar with them as James Joyce .4 . The entire book is said to narrate the mostly incoherent nighttime dream of its antihero , `` HCE . '' This was Joyce 's way of `` getting at '' -LRB- whatever that means here -RRB- some sort of unconscious European cultural mind - as apprehended and imagined by James Joyce , of course .5 . Finnegans Wake is thus basically incomprehensible . The explications in Campbell & Robinson 's Skeleton Key , while well informed , are , as the authors admit -LRB- though not in these words -RRB- the only sense they could make of it with the assistance of a shelf full of reference books . By getting in on the ground floor , C & W effectively dared anyone to disagree . Which would , of course , require another pair of literature Ph.D. 's with another shelf of reference books . There can be more than one interpretation of Finnegans Wake , including a belief in the profitlessness of interpretation .6 . Once in a while Joyce can still write a melodious sentence that is close enough to English to carry some meaning . As readers of Dubliners , Portrait of the Artist , and Ulysses are aware , Joyce was at one time a master of poetic English prose . Searching for the poetic moments , and those alone , makes for a pleasant diversion , and will undoubtedly reward the extremely well read and knowledgable.If you 're still intrigued , your best bet is to find a copy of the drastically abridged edition with commentary that Anthony Burgess put out forty years ago . Burgess loved Finnegans Wake in the Campbell-Robinson interpretation , and he supplies enough editorial matter to aid you in your innocent quest to believe in Finnegans ' greatness . The book may be useful to some as a kind of Rorschach/I Ching for your own creativity
 `` What secondtonone myther rector and maximost bridges-maker was the first to rise taller through his beanstale than thebluegum buaboababbaun or the giganteous Wellingtonia Sequoia ; went nudiboots with trouters into a liffeyette when she wasbarely in her tricklies ; was well known to claud a conciliationcap onto the esker of his hooth `` If I wrote this and attempted to pass this off as a novel , no one would ever read it . If they did , they would correctly assume that I am , in fact , a pompous erudite fool . And by the way , I know that there are a million academics rating this book that will come on here and tell me how completely wrong my point of view is . But guess what ? -- I do n't care and I 'll never actually read any of your responses . Save it for your poor students and old , bearded friends wearing tweed jackets with elbow patches.To the rest of you -LRB- normal people -RRB- -- stay away from this book .
 I ca n't understand why this book was n't rated the greatest novel of the 20th century ! My God ! I read this book every night before I go to bed . The words flow easily across the page , and the characters are incredibly rich in development ! The story itself is so engaging that whenever I read it , my hands literally begin to tremble in anticipation of what is going to happen next ! Here is an excerpt from the book and one of the more famous passages from this MASTERPIECE OF MODERN LITERATURE ! `` Orkman ribpop easily cross arrows . Flaunting wissam on narrow shoulders opens me . opens me . Pilly saw Roman do the tiger on ruskpappy for Flynn . Squiggles on canvas slapped brightly on Easter fippoon aiktart . Common man sees field sorry fart on apple . `` How can you not enjoy such an illuminating example of prose ? Of course this is only one of the many BRILLIANT passages found within this CLASSIC novel ! I could give you some more examples which show the GREATNESS of Joyce 's pen ; however , I seriously believe you should invest wisely by purchasing your own edition of this GARGANTUAN work ! I assure you that you will not be disappointed ! Happy squiggles !!!
 I ca n't see why everybody , even if they do n't understand Finnegan 's Wake , proclaims it to be a ` masterpiece ' and that it encapsulates ` the entirety of human history ' . How absurd . This piece of inconsequential nonsense may mean something to James Joyce or ` Neeborg ' from the planet ` Zobtreeg ' , but not to any rational person who does n't pretend to be intelligent or philosophical.I paid seventeen dollars for a book that is puportedly a ` classic ' that discusses all sorts of important issues . I read the first page and thought `` this is ridiculous '' , so I put it back on my shelf and got a book that actually makes sense . Irish history/literature professors and well versed people that boast about having Ph.D 's and masters degrees , in my opinion , use this book as a vehicle to sound smart and convey all these ideas that could not possibly be derived from the actual text . Therefore , I 've formulated my OWN little theory about what this book is about
 NO ! BOOK BAD BOOK BAD BIG BIG WORDS I DONT UNDERSTAND ! MY BRAIN HURTSSSS ! THIS MAKE NO SENCE . YAHOO CHAT MUCH EAZYIER TO UNDeRSTAND ! I GO THERE NOW .
 Okay , here 's the first paragraph : riverrun , past Eve and Adam 's , from swerve of shore to bend of bay , brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs . -LRB- it 's actually the end of the last sentence in the book -RRB- . I defy anyone to honestly say that they would have any desire to read further -LRB- in fact , I am certain that no one has ever actually read this book -RRB- . But , lest you think it must get better , here 's a random paragraph from later in the book : So olff for his topheetuck the ruck made raid , aslick aslegs would run ; and he ankered on his hunkers with the belly belly prest . Asking
 I 'm going to be politcally incorrect
 I see a plethora of 5-star reviews here for Joyce 's opus . I think it is natural to dislike it , however , and I do n't think it makes a neanderthal of me because I dislike it too . Look , as a teen I read Thomas Aquinas 's Summa Theologica ; I struggled through at least half of Sartre 's Being and Nothingness , and I 've read Chekhov , Dostoevsky , Nietzsche , Kierkegaard and Faulkner . I do n't mind struggling with a book if I can mine something from it . FW is too long for such playful babble . I might read a pamphlet of such gobbledegook just for the fun or the exercise of my imagination , but this monster book ? I have to feel that Joyce was playing a joke on everyone , or he 'd really gone off his rocker . Why should we even bother ? I also read Beckett 's Waiting for Godot and found that a complete waste of time . My reaction was that it was absurd , but I guess the theatre of the absurd is supposed to be just that . But why bother ? I can stand on a crowded street corner and hear trivial chatter as meaningful as Beckett 's play . It kind of reminds me of something I saw in an art gallery years ago , during the `` pop art '' craze
 This book is long . Long and pointless . Sure , it 's fun to sit down and make up words , or compose stream-of-consciousness relayings of dreams we 've had , but why would anyone want to read them?And , anyway , any book with a quote on the back from Harold Bloom is not worth MY time , at the very least . That man is a menace , and so is James Joyce . Thinkers thinking about thinking . Not real people , not real thoughts , no significance , no soul . Pointless , long , and forgettable .
 My tenth grade English teacher made us read this book and I think it was way too hard ! How is tenth grade students supposed to make any sense out of a mixed up book like this ? I could n't get any of it . What 's the plot and whose the hero ? I 'm just really frustrated and I 'm not alone . Only the class bookworm got past page 10 and I bet that weenie did n't understand much either , even if she says she did . Too hard , dude !
 ye make a book , alas , how is life ? Green Bay Packers . Sandwich ? Baby . Eat the , President , lake.Like that prose ? That is James Joyce . The king of gibberish . I made it up . But when he does it , it is a classic . When I do gibberish , it is not . Why?What the hell is going on with Finnegans Wake ??? I do n't know.Joyce must be the genious of gibberish.I do n't get it .
 let the high preists of deconstructionist post modernism interpret it for you . bow down before the wisdom of frustrated ineffectual professors of English , the preistly class who will interpret this message from the gods for you , -LRB- and actually get pay and respect for it -RRB- . lets get real . this is a book by a sciziphrenic for the pompous and pedantic . a few puns aside dont waste your life trying to interpret this nonsense , just because you have an ego . -LRB- even Nobel laureates fell for it -- hence the quark , but FASHIONABLE NONSENSE is the delayed reaction -RRB- the real dope
 This book is bad , and I think it was intended to be so . Probably upset with the over analysis of Ulysses , Joyce must have set out to play a trick on the literary world . This book has no value except to make you laugh at how far some people would go to pretend that it could be interpreted . There are better wastes of ones time , for example staring at a blank wall .
 True , Joyce 's many masterpieced work of profound interjectional superiority has at last brought the final jigsaw piece to this unChristianly magnifique port-en-tois ouevre ... But that 's why it 's sooooooo good ?! Hello , my name is Rajish . I am an 8th rank student from The Calcutta Institute of Fine Literary Works . Tonight , we will take a journey of unprecedented backwardness and desolution . When I was 4 years old , my friend -LRB- the infamous BLIND MELON JELLAN -RRB- and I went to the local book shop to buy our first copies of Finnegan 's Wake -LRB- FW as we affectionately called it -RRB- . When we came home we read our copy of FW with the greatest of zeal and devoured the conduit imagery and allusion in this densely conceived and lightly told work . The effect , of one who studies it as my friend and I do , is of entrancement and utmost vermisiltude . By the end , we feel so lost and alone , so dissapointed by literature and its pseudo-world of false authoritarianism , we vow to never read again . Except for Eddy Said that is . Please read this book and join us postcolonially . Peace .
 I do n't understand this book . I picked up many literary aides and guides to this book and set about getting through it . It is so subtle and difficult ... the rewards of understanding this book are not worth the effort . This is a good writer trying to be a real literary cool dude and give PhD students something to focus on . But I admit , the reason I do n't like this book is because I am an illiterate moron . I should have never picked this book up ; I wasted precious time I could have been watching `` Friends , '' or `` Seinfeld . '' I could have been working on cherry-red Camaro , or down pounding some brews with my buddies , watching the big game . Or I could have been wallowing in my own filth in the pig stye I call my den . This book must be fabulous , I am sure , but because I am a lazy , ignorant , slovenly fool , who likes his books monosyllabic and easy to digest , I do n't like this book . I wish I was Mr. Cool Guy College Professor and this book could be my life , but all I have is my rear-projection TV . Tragic , * sniff *
 I am convinced that people do not read Finnegans Wake , or at least not in the same sense that we ever normally use the word `` read . '' FW is 600 + pages long and I 've yet to find more than a handful of standard English sentences among them . In 1999 -LRB- this is 2005 -RRB- I started to read the Wake , with the best of intentions , but I soon noticed a problem . A few paragraphs in , my mind would start to wander , for there was nothing solid that my mind could hang on to . I encountered no setting , no characters , no plot , no narration , nothing concrete nor conceptual . The best that I could say was that every once in a while , some group of words would be evocative of an image or memory , but even when this would happen I could not say for certain whether it was intentional on the part of the author or accident . Eventually , I started reading it aloud in order to keep myself `` in '' the book but , no help . Today , I am 100 pages in ; I ca n't really bear to read more than a page at a time , and even this is an effort . I get as close to ` zero ' from reading it as I can imagine.Now , please understand that I am not a stupid man , nor unaccustomed to difficult literature . I 've a college degree and , in fact , currently teach 10th grade English . I 've read -LRB- and understood -RRB- , among other things , Shakespeare , The Bible , War and Peace , and also Ulysses . It is sometimes said that this book was written `` for the intelligensia '' ... well ... I consider myself part of the intelligensia and this book was not written for me . I am not here trying to argue that the book was written as a joke , or has no actual meaning -LRB- though I think those arguments have some merit , when one considers the work -RRB- but that a person who picks this up and starts running their eyes over any given page will not be engaging in the same activity as they would when reading a book . The Wake might be closer to some sort of giant puzzle , though I doubt this as well , but a prospective reader should ask himself whether he wants to engage in a 600 page rebus . Further , I doubt that the Wake could have been `` written '' in the same sense that other books are . Am I to imagine that Joyce had a firm intention in mind that guided his decisions in writing this book ? That he , say , edited it ? Rearranged sentences for impact ? Checked for consistency ? Is this book translated into other languages ? How could it be ? And would n't that assume that it had been written in some language to begin with . And , finally , if it 's not written in English -LRB- and it 's not -RRB- , or in any other intelligble language -LRB- and it 's not -RRB- , then in what sense do we have a book?Is everything printed on paper literature?I think not . I do not believe that the Wake was written as a book , and I do not think it possible to read it as one , and I submit the book itself as my evidence . It has occured to me that it would be fun , someday , to take some group of people who 've given the Wake 5-star reviews , and then test them . Perhaps we could give them a group of five selections , with one of them a faux-passage and four of them authentic FW-Joyce , and see if they could determine the fake ? Or , we could provide them with a passage and then ask for an explanation , and them compare their explanations with one another to see if there 's any validity . In fact , FW could make for a great party game along the lines of Balderdash.Yes , FW is perhaps -LRB- doubtful , though -RRB- a rebus and it could , with some imagination , provide a party game of sorts -LRB- largely revolving around mockery -RRB- , but it is not a book to be read . Do n't feel bad -- it was n't intended to be read . Through it all , the most interesting thing and the greatest value of the book is to watch the actions of the book 's defenders . They have n't read it either , in any meaningful sense , and yet like the people in the fable they claim to see the clothing . After all , people of the highest virtue are able to see the Emperor 's New Clothes , you see . And who would n't want to be a part of that group ?
 Which should be the only reason one would have this book in a collection.Daferring on red hair moots the ramdelgerag ! Cays hast ner eyed the entire lash from the libre , does get sidlelassinlunahack ? And for ery ' scholar of jits and wallyfins , dare may cieved a consciousable readament of peering quenth Labrynth . Hark ! Vain ! Rack ! Finnegans Wake dost injoyafun for the kathweolasopkookoo . One glance may planner read and ner open this Rhodical magnumus.If you understood what I just wrote then you may just enjoy this book .
 Real words , unlike what you 'd find in this book , can not describe what you find in here . This book is the bane of my existence . James Joyce must have self-inflicted mercury poisoning in order to write this . The only other plausible explanation is that he became severely mentally retarded from a lack of flow of oxygen to the brain . If you want to actually understand anything , you have to read explanations EVERY `` sentence '' . This turns it into a f 'n time vampire . It is terrible in every aspect - there are no plot , characters , situations , comedy , horror , storyline , or anything else that books usually consist of . If the author came back to life , became unretarded , and then read his own book again , he would instantly want to drown himself in Lake Michigan . I award him no stars and may God have mercy on his soul .
 The pretence here is to say that if you do n't think its brilliant then the you must be a vacuous superficial fool . Its the same stunt as pulled by ` modern-art ' , whose lack of popularity and understanding among most people lends it a perverse exclusivity among irrational psuedo-intellectuals . No one ` understands ' this book because there is nothing in it . Its not hard-going because it is so mentally challenging , its hard going because it is so uttlerly uninspiring . A dime pulp romance novel tells us more than this book can.If someone crafted your house with the same ` wondrous perception ' as Joyce crafted this book , it would be rubble sunk in cement dust .
 Evelyn Waugh once described this book as ` gibberish ' and added that you could see James Joyce going madder by the page . That said , it 's quite amusing to read bits from .
 Imagine John Lennon 's nonsense lyrics for `` I am a walrus '' going on for hundreds of pages . I think maybe a hundred or so people in the entire world might enjoy digging through this but the rest of us can put this one aside . Do n't fall for that snobby `` Well , it 's not for lazy or stupid people '' nonsense . This is nothing more than a self absorbed word puzzle for those who do not have lives to live but have plenty of time to waste deciphering this . Maybe , one day , if I am ever in a crippling accident and am confined to a wheelchair with little to do but figure this one out , I might attempt reading through it again . Everyone else , stay away !!
 Admirers of this glimpse into madness must have a great need to feel smug and superior . Such `` intellectuals '' are painfully desperate and afraid of reality ; for it is only in the realm of the naked emperors that they can pretend to be hip .
 There are scholars who make their careers on Finnegans Wake . I have read many of them , hoping to understand this book . However , among the scholars , there is no agreement as to what this book is about , or even if it is about anything , or even if it is readable . To those of us who have enjoyed Joyce 's other works , such as Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man and The Dubliners , Finnegans Wake is a real disappointment.The book consists of 628 pages of crypticisms , foreign languages , and languages that have n't yet been invented . In those 628 pages one will struggle to find two words that actually go together to form a discernable thought . Of his works , Joyce said , `` Ulysees is the day ; Finnegans Wake is the night . '' Well , I take a lot of walks at night , and even on moonless nights I can make out shapes and shadows , something that is quite impossible in The Wake.No one will ever deny that James Joyce was a brilliant writer . But , it took him 13 years to write Finnegans Wake . If he actually meant to say anything , 13 years is enough time to come up with a way to do so that actually communicates . This book actually seems like Joyce took a set of the Oxford English Dictionary , placed it atop a couple of sticks of dynamite , detonated the dynamite , and walked through the fragments , writing down whatever his failing eyesight was able to pick up . Hence , one is left with the conclusion that Joyce has succeeded in pulling off a hoax , the literary equivalent of the Sokol hoax on the high-brow journal Social Text . And this is what is so disappointing about Finnegans Wake.If you feel that you must read James Joyce -LRB- and you should -RRB- , then by all means , read one of the aforementioned books . But avoid The Wake ; you have better things to do with your time .
 I 've tried a couple of times to read this book , and honestly , I never got past the first page . I think it 's the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on a gullible literary world , and if James Joyce was sane -LRB- as I seriously doubt -RRB- then he must have had a huge laugh at its expense . However , I think he must 've been totally nuts to write such garbed nonsense.I read the glowing reviews by other readers praising Joyce 's `` genius '' and begin to doubt my own sanity . Is it possible I just ca n't read as well as I 've always thought I can?However , I truly think they 're just afraid to express their real opinion , after so many have called this thing a work of genius .
 In Tom Robbins `` Fierce Invalids Home From Warm CLimates '' the main character Switters is attempting to read this book and never gets though the first 5 pages . I now understand why .
 NO ! BOOK BAD BOOK BAD BIG BIG WORDS I DONT UNDERSTAND ! MY BRAIN HURTSSSS ! THIS MAKE NO SENCE . YAHOO CHAT MUCH EAZYIER TO UNDeRSTAND ! I GO THERE NOW .
 The point being , presumedly , that humanity is incomprehensible to humanity ? How is my understanding of , or sympathy toward , humanity improved by attempting to read and decode the word `` Bababadalgharaghtakamminnarronkonnbronntonneronntuon - thunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoordenenthurnuk '' ? There are many far greater works that not only tell the same story , but are readable and even enjoyable . My apologies to those who like Finnegan 's Wake , but humanity is not best served by having its story told in gibberish .
 This version of `` Finnegans Wake '' is the uncorrected version . Joyce spent the final years of his life correcting `` Finnegans Wake '' , and this book omits all of those corrections . While this may not pain the casual reader of the wake , it does cast a vale around Joyce 's maddening masterwork .
 Far and away the best thing about this book is the quality of the analysis it has spawned . The book itself is drivel ; but the reactions to it form some of the most intelligent and enlightened reviews I have encountered . I have never sprinkled as many `` helpful '' votes within a single site as I have here , to both one-star and five-star appraisals alike.Firstly , the book itself . I can not subscribe to any of the academic apologias . This book took an interesting concept and stretched it well past the point of absurdity . Like the surrealist movement that ultimately ended up justifying paintings of Campbell 's Soup cans , `` Finnegan 's Wake '' takes stream-of-subconsciousness to such idiotic lengths that it becomes self-parody . Yes , I have exhaustively analysed the book . I studied it many years ago under the tutelage of an infectiously enthusiastic English professor who dissected its every nuance . Puns , portmanteau constructs , auditory versus literary jabberwocky , dream-state evocation
 I admit that I am not qualified to `` judge '' FW . Not because I am stupid , as many 5-star reviewers would assert , I think . I would consider giving up on THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO `` stupid . '' I can not judge FW as literature because literature is meant to be read , and comprehended . It is not complexity , depth , or any of the like that make this book incomprehensible to me . It is written in its own language . It is its own realm . To judge it would be like judging the writing of an alien civilization . And that is why I gave FW 1 star
 When you get past all the strange words and polyglot puns , Finnegans Wake just is n't that interesting of a book . The ideas expressed are contrived and uninteresting , and many have been already been treated , better , in Ulysses . `` But how do you get past the language ? '' is the rejoinder I 'm expecting to hear . It 's true that very few people understand every word in the book . However I refuse to suscribe to the school of thought that states that FW is a great book just because its hard to understand and nobody will ever `` get '' all of it . Some people have come pretty close - MacHugh 's `` Annotations '' goes a long way with individual words , and Campbell 's `` Skeleton Key '' well give you the overarching meaning -LRB- yes , there is meaning -RRB- if you read it with a critical eye . These two books pretty much have FW cracked , end of story.Now many people will also argue that one should n't read FW for the meanings or ideas , like other books , but rather that simply the sweet sounds of the language are enough to give it value as a literary object - essentially , even if we do n't understand a word , it sounds nice . This is just silly . If you want an auditory experience listen to music or the sounds of nature . If euphonious words is your thing , read some poetry . But for heavens ' sakes do n't spend the time required to read 680 pages of garbled words simply because they sound cool . My point is that there are already artistic and , in my view , far more enjoyable ways to go about getting a cathartic auditory experience . FW has neither the mellifluosity of The Raven or a Spenserian sonnet , nor obviously can it provide the sonic intensity of a symphony . Books , ultimately , are read for the quality of the ideas they express , and the quality of the style used to express them.The style of FW is idiotic . It was a nice idea at the time , sure , and probably it had to be done when considering the progress of literature as a whole , but these points do n't mean that the style is of any aesthetic worth . Most of the words are incomprehensible without some guide , like the `` Annotations . '' Because the difficulty is at the level of words , rather than ideas , one does n't read FW , one translates it . Joyce uses foreign words -LRB- from 60 languages ! -RRB- and perversions of English as the basis for the vocabulary of the text , and combines and arranges these as he pleases . Now I do n't mind foreign language quotes in my books , and I 'm as big of a fan of witty word-play as anyone , but when you 're essentially inventing a language arbitrarily as you go along you 've made a huge and pointless mistake . Why stop at the level of words ? Why not write using a whole new alphabet ? And the kicker is that the many of the puns are incredibly POINTLESS ! A `` bad of winds , '' for example - `` bad '' is Persian for `` wind , '' apparently . So this means what , a `` wind of winds '' ? Come on , this is lame ! and a far cry from true wit . In another `` celebrated '' passage , Joyce weaves the names of a bunch of rivers into a conversation between two washerwomen . I.e. , `` kennet , '' meaning `` ken it '' or `` know it '' , and the Kennet river in England . But what 's the point ? That rivers are cool ? That Joyce is cool because he looked up a bunch of river names ? That we 're cool for figuring them out ? Such puerile and mechanical displays of erudition are a waste of time for everyone involved.The common response to attacks on FW 's style is that Joyce was attempting to convey the nebulous and polysemous state of dreams . If so he failed miserably . I do n't know about the rest of you but I do n't dream in portmanteau words - when people talk I know exactly what they 're saying . We may not understand why particular things happen in dreams , but at least we know , at a literal level , what is happening -LRB- eg . I may not know WHY , in a dream , I 'm being chased by a herd of mustachioed ducks wielding blunderbusses , but I can at least describe it as such -RRB- . FW lacks even that - because of the near-incomprehensibility of the language , it lacks a literal level to start out from.Now all of this could feasibly be tolerable - the translating , the wading through secondary sources , the silliness of a contrived `` dream-language '' - if the payoff was worth it - ie if Joyce was saying something really profound and insightful . If the ideas validated the words . Well , they do n't . Underneath it all you just have a cliched quasi-biblical myth with aspirations to allegory . It deals with how one man is Everyman and the whole is contained within its parts and history repeats and cycles are cool and male is destructive and female is fertile . Blah blah blah . Its the world according to Joyce . If you want obsolete notions about the `` nature of man '' and such nonsense , read the Bible or any other religious text . If you would argue that the `` meaning '' is n't the point , please see paragraph two above.FW , depending on who you ask , attempts to do a lot of different things . The problem is that it fails at all of them . As music it is necessarily inadequate , as poetry it is far surpassed by real poetry , as a novel it is incomprehensible , and as a myth or an allegory it is highly derivative and essentially boring . And do n't try to sell me those poststructuralist lines about `` foregrounding language '' or `` de-stabilizing the signifier '' either - you know as well as I do that FW does n't do either of those particularly effectively , and furthermore that those are silly and pretentious concepts to begin with . I love Joyce 's earlier works , but Finnegans Wake is just a monstrous waste of time and effort .
 While Joyce 's Ulysses demonstrates his monstrous success with literary experimentation styles , FW does not . I find it poor by his standards . In academics -LRB- and among pseudo-intellectuals -RRB- the book is quite fashionable , and understably so - the style is unique . Its almost comical to listen to my fellow Joyce fans rave about it . But whenever I corner them , and beg them to dissect the work for me , the responses are as incoherent as the book itself . Perhaps it inspires creative thinking/translation from its readers , but nothing of the sort on my part , despite my repeated efforts to sincerely read it.I 've read far worse , that 's for sure , but someone thinking of dabbling with Joyce for the first time should seriously consider selecting one of his more substantial earlier works , or the frustration with FW may alienate them forever from an otherwise brilliant and often very powerful author .
 I gave this book two stars because I admire anyone who can summon the sheer willpower needed to complete a novel of nonsense -- particularly one with as much deadwood between the covers as this one . One must also admire the salemanship that must have been displayed when FW was presented to a publisher . If not for these factors it would have gotten one star . Please do n't be sucked into the crowd that thinks a book is really good if they ca n't understand it . Instead , rate highly the book whos author presented you with a clear story , made you want to read the next page , and perhaps , in the end , changed your view of the world .
 I 've read a lot of difficult works - Hegel 's Phenomenology , Proust , the Tain , Goethe , Joyce 's Ulysses . As difficult and obscure as they were at times , they all had some relative merits . I eventually even found some of them enjoyable on 2nd or 3rd readings -LRB- Proust was even enjoyable on the first -RRB- . This book , on the other hand , is devoid of anything approaching meaning on any level but the most reductionist as an occassional examination of words at play . It 's a series of puns and obscurantist references without anything approaching a story or structure or even internal coherency . Of course , what could just as easily be the warblings of a paranoid schizphrenic has been inexplicably hailed by some academics as a masterwork . This is not a masterful examination of language . It 's more like the musings of a 6 year old struggling with it who has a taste for bad puns and a serious case of apophenia.If you have finished Joyce other works -LRB- which are mostly excellent btw -RRB- pick up some Dostoevsky or Proust , Borges , Chesterton , or Calvino . Avoid this book . It 's a waste of time .
 I ca n't understand why anyone would spend 20 years writing thisThe book is incomprehensible . Read a regular book you can understand without having to read it aloudI love Joyce . Portrait , Dubliners , great stuff . Wonderful poetry . He starts to get a bit wonky in Ulysses , but even that is readable -LRB- if not altogether understandable - Giffords book is definitely a necessary provision -RRB- But why write a book such as the Wake ? Did n't he say he thought people would be laughing while reading it?But writing a book noone can understand . . He must 've been out of his tiny little mind . Could n't he have written another play , or more short stories about the Eire he loved/despised . It makes no sense to me ! Why would anyone want to read what is , basically , a mess . How was this even published ? Did n't someone tap him on the shoulder and say , `` Joyce , this makes no sense `` Good grief ! Joyce was actually a decent writer to this point !
 FINNEGAN 'S WAKE is an endurance contest that intellectuals get to take , and if they finish it , they can feel superior to those who have not made it . And they can also write learned papers about it that they can publish in their academic journals . As William Goldman said in THE SEASON , `` As long as there is a PhD . candidate alive , James Joyce will never die . '' Joyce himself said something to the effect of
 That was how English novelist Evelyn Waugh descibed Joyce when he came to write FW , and the judgment is apt . The book itself is tripe ; but the contortions Joyce fans put themselves through to justify it are always a source of amusement .
 I really enjoy obscure references and allusions . I love that feeling of being in on something . It 's nice to discover those little goodies that everyone else glosses over . Clever puns and whatnot are great , but they are no substitute for a good story , strong characters , and so on . Finnegans Wake has nothing going for it . -LRB- While it does have puns , they are anything but clever -RRB- . When you read a good book it should have an effect on you . You should lose sleep turning it over in your mind . Finnegans Wake sort of makes you think in that you have to try to figure out what this word is , or what language this might be , or what Joyce was smoking when he wrote this schlock . What it does n't do , however , is make you laugh , cry , gasp , grimace , or reminisce like true literature does.Questions for all those that gave this 5 stars
 Fascinating as a look into the symbol-laden mind of the highly learned James Joyce . The entire history of the world up until the first quarter of the twentieth century is here . Unfortunately , you have to spend years playing archaeologist to discover its hidden treasures . I 've spent two years studying this thing , and will waste no more of my life on it
 Finnegans Wake is a mess . If this were not written by James Joyce , would you call it a `` literary classic '' ? No -- it would belong in the discard pile with lots of red marks on it for lack of basic grammar and sentence structure.There are good stream-of-consciousness novels out there . I read Virginia Woolf 's Mrs. Dalloway from cover to cover and it is actually entertaining . Or , at the very least , the sentences actually flow together in the way people would actually speak them.So Finnegans Wake is a dream-like mumbo jumbo . The question is , is there any purpose to it ? Why should the reader spend time and effort deciphering the cryptic nonsense in order to figure out what the story actually is , when there are perfectly coherent novels out there that actually tell the story as it is?For one thing , if the author needs to disguise the plot with a ton of fancy language , it just means the plot is too thin to be interesting on its own . Secondly , the English language is perfectly functional . So why break something that 's functional to create something that 's not ?
 Well , what can I say ? This kind of writing would never make it past Mrs. Johnson , my 7th grade English and Grammar school teacher . I made many attempts at reading this gibberish . To those who like this book , kudos 's to you few . I highly recommend this book as an anchor on night stands of insomniacs everywhere . I join the ranks of those who do not like this book . I 'm sure there is something enriching in there , somewhere . Who was the editor ? I know it was not Mrs. Johnson!Jimmy Lair
 I give this book two stars because it 's the first , and last , book to tell us what we already should know ... that we think gibberish in that ethereal state between waking and sleep . Finningan 's Wake reminds me of the canvas I 've seen at countless art shows with a jumble of random splatterings of paint . Any one of us could create the same thing . Why do n't we ? Joyce is challenging us to get off our duffs and splatter some paint on the canvass . If you think it 's worthwhile -LRB- personally , I do n't -RRB- do it . You could be the next James Joyce .
 The author shows promise
 all . After just reading a small portion of Finnegans Wake here on Amazon - thank you for the excerpts because you saved me a bundle - and after flipping through a few pages of Ulysses - too bad I paid full price for the Modern Library Edition - I am now disposed to think that Joyce was the biggest humbug for a writer ever.When I read through the first page of Finnegans Wake , I was quite consternated at my limited vocabulary - I mean , after all , there were something like twenty words - I did n't count - that I did n't know ! Which has never happened to me from reading any book , even Melville or Shakespeare ! Then I looked some of them up and discovered that they were n't even in the dictionary.Even if some of the words are foreign and actually do exist , this does n't prove that Joyce was a great writer in English . For a man who was so educated , he sure could n't compose an original piece of literature with any sort of structural integrity and plot congruency.Scholars would have you believe that Joyce was a genius , whose mastery of the language was invidious . But I query which lingo he conquered , for it surely is n't English.Maybe it was because Melville wrote Moby Dick in one year , or maybe it was because he composed White-Jacket and Redburn in one summer , perhaps Joyce realized his limitations and provinciality of ingenuity , so that 's maybe why he foisted Ulysses and Finnegans Wake at the public . In this way he could besot us with `` enigmatic art . `` Some have called Joyce a writer 's writer . I wonder if Melville , James , and Dickens would bethinkestit -LRB- hey , I can invent pseudo-words too -RRB- of him of such .
 This book is very entertaining , and has maddening pace , kind of like the Matrix . In fact this book is a lot like the Matrix . It 's about as complicated as The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon . I take dumps more dense than this . Reading this book will take about and hour and a half , though it will only feel like 20 minutes . Think Curious George . I ca n't wait for the movie -LRB- I hope Spielberg directs it , and finishes the last sentence -RRB- .
 I think it 's rather dumb to write a book for the purpose of making it difficult to read . If you want to be allusive , that 's fine , but express yourself coherantly and in an unambiguous fashion . Ulysses and A Portrait managed to be both timelessly powerful and legible ; it 's a pity Joyce did n't make better use of his seventeen years .
 I have a friend that shared with me how if there is no God , then Nietzsche makes perfect sense ; for his philosophy naturally follows from the blind assumption that `` God is dead '' . Oh man , if this is so , then this books makes me desperately hope there is a God ! Nietzsche scorns Christian morality , which is arguably the very foundation for western civilization . With fanatic zeal he tries to saw off the limb upon which he sits . With a moralistic passion he derides self-control , mercy , equality and kindness as vile wickedness that should be purged from the earth . Whereas the ideal world would be one that is in a continual state war , cruelty , struggle , injustice and evil.Nietzsche , what ?! Oh you poor soul , You were born in the wrong place . Oh if only you were born in some cannibalistic headhunting tribe in the Amazon . You would have been in your idea of heaven , but damn it , you 'd never would have gotten a chance to write about it.What ?! Why should I heed ? Its like you demand me to try to find oxygen on the ocean floor . You give me the recipe for a miserable , empty , meaningless life and then you act like I am the fool for not consuming it?What !? You counsel me to be the slave of my animal passions , to chained myself to instinct and to be a faithful servant to my every irrational whim ? You want me to cut away from myself all that is human until I am nothing more then a beast ? You want me to work with you in shaving away from the world all that is beautiful , good and true ? Oh Nietzsche , what else can I say , but NO THANK YOU !
 The main trouble I have with Nietzsche is that he is so blasted illogical ! Most of his errors are what logician call `` informal fallacies , '' or error with the type of inferences he makes with his data.To his credit , Nietzsche is a very bouncy , scintillating an energetic writer . I think that many people can learn from his literary style . I certainly have . But a well-perfumed lie is like a well-perfumed skunk
 So much for the most `` lucid '' of German prose writers , does n't anyone think it peculiar his style resembles that of a conspiracy theorist warning us of the perils of the illumati and the freemasons . It is dogmatic to the point of shrill , and surprisingly lacking in real self-confidence . -LRB- perhaps he using his rhetoric as a way to convince himself of things not even he can believe . -RRB- It is full of vulgar unnatural and irational opinions meant mainly to shock lacking true conviction in the end . There is a constant confusion of thought and feeling , a endless muddying of the waters of interesting thought by a kind of upside down stoicism that could only be the product of a thorougly dacadent romanticism . There is also a kind of disturbing right wing athuritarianism , that is obviously the product of -LRB- M. Andre Gide 's words -RRB- Nietschze 's insane jealousy of Christ . He distorts history into a recreation of his own amusing and rather twisted pysche . His rants against christianity , while amusing , are often a attack on liberal christianity , which Nietschze being the ultra right winger he is patently despises . They confirm always a midn that worships strength as a confession of weakness .
 Deceivers will rise up from among you and deceive many.This book is just a copycat of many books before it from Richard Foster , etal . This list of so-called Disciplines is straight from Richard Foster 's Spiritual Formation curriculum , in which the occultist centering prayer method is taught . It is occultist to the core , but dressed up nicely as Christian .
 Forgive me for rating a respected book so poorly . If your quest is to discover why certain disciplines are needed , then ignore what I have to say . This book delivers . If , on the otherhand , you are going to buy this book with the expectation that it will move beyond expressing the need , you will be disapointed . If you are looking for help in developing these disciplines in your life , you will not find it here . This book is not about `` how '' , only `` why '' . Which question are you asking ?
 I had read 5 or more rave reviews about this book and was excited to receive it . After reading it , I am sorry to say that it was not life changing , inspiring or even a good read . The book seems so childish to me . Maybe because I am 50 and the author is 29 . Maybe the lessons she is trying to pass on I have learned a long time ago . Things like it 's not O.K. to tease or take advantage of another person ... Just disappointing . Maybe it is a good read for someone who has n't done a great deal of living yet .
 The author begins with the statement that she has probably spiced up the material a lot . Since , most of the author 's story is around her sexual encounters , and she has stated that she has spiced up the material , it is not clear how much truth exist in this autobiography . Read it with a grain of salt . The book , however , does provide some interesting insight on the Saudi society .
 If you are interested in learning about Saudi Arabia , this is not the book for you . It is a collection of the writer 's true or imagined sexual experiences . Having lived in many countries I believe there is so much to see , learn , teach , get involved in , etc. , that focusing on sex is a waste of the experience . Writing style and vocabulary is also very simple , almost childlike . I 'm almost finished with the book , and so far there is only one chapter that I found interesting .
 Single in Saudi is a complete work of FICTION ! It says so in the copyright . I have made that mistake before so now I always check to see if it is fictional or is a true event or sadly ... true EVENTS ! If you like autobiographical books or biographical as I do , always look for the copyright . Also , get the sample first . If you do not like fiction then you need not pay for it !!
 This is a very poor translation . Martial is a lively , urbane poet with a razor-sharp wit ; his language is precise and powerful . James Michie 's translation is insipid as poetry , and often unrecognizable when set next to the Latin . A single example
 I did not realise that this was just a book containing the 3 other professor books that I already own and have read.I would not have bought this had I been aware .
 I purchased this book after I read the good reviews . I really did not like it . The story was dull , the heroine uninteresting and the hero not a hero at all -LRB- but just some idiot -RRB- .
 This is the kind of book where you realize early on that the writer is n't talented enough to pull off what she 's set out to do . Sad , since I was looking forward to reading this , based on the jacket copy . Oh well . This reviewer recommends that others look elsewhere for a compelling read .
 I received the wrong book in the mail . The right book needs to be sent . Still need the right copy
 The write-up was not good . This is definitely a children 's book -LRB- ? -RRB- Very disappointed .
 If you are looking to buy this software in order to speak to someone back and forth , this is not the product for you . It will teach you phrases and questions , but you wo n't be able to understand any answers that a native speaker might give you because it does n't teach you that . You will be able to identify objects in a house or building , but you wo n't know how to use them in a sentence or even in a fragmented sentence . This is also true for colors . If this is what you rely on to travel somewhere you might find yourself in the middle of a croud just saying azul -LRB- blue -RRB- ... pula -LRB- red -RRB- ... . malalim na azul -LRB- dark blue -RRB- ... Nasaan ang maipaparada ng kotse -LRB- where can I park the car ? -RRB- and then even when you ask where can I park the car you wo n't know where to park it because you wo n't understand anything that people will tell you because it does n't teach you that -LRB- people might think you 're retarded haha -RRB- . It only teaches you numbers up to 20 , so you 're out of luck if you ask magkano ito ? -LRB- how much is this ? -RRB- and the answer is 150 pisos . You 'll just have to hand a merchant a wad of cash and hope he is honest and gives you your change . However , with all the bad things out of the way , this might make a good start for you to learn how to say the words correctly , even though the guy that talk does n't pronounce the words correctly on there , just click on the girl -LRB- she says the correct pronunciations -RRB- . After completing the CD , Which only took a bout a week and a day and scoring a perfect score on everything on the CD , I would say that this software is incomplete . The manufacturer could have done a better job . I give it a 1 out of 5 .
 I was looking for a book that was a little more enlightened and a little less materialistic . This author clearly likes to shop -LRB- I am not a shopper -RRB- , so it was hard to relate . Most of the ideas I have read before . I think the title is a little misleading . When I think about meaning , I think of higher ideals -- not just having more time to read a book in a quiet corner of my house . I do n't know ... I think if you have a strong sense of what brings meaning , you might find this book a bit superficial . Writing is good and there are good quotes too .
 Everytime I think of this book I feel to yawn . I was excited to get it but I have to admit I was very bored reading it . The secret of Mr. Hogan 's swing was no secret at all . It may have been back then but not now . My apologies to the author . It is just my opinion .
 This book is more like a joke , a classic example of cut and paste authors writing for a highly specialized topic with no technical weight . It never should be used for computer science students -LRB- unless the instructor himself has no clue about the subject -RRB- . This book is for people with no formal training who want to learn some random buzzwords .
 I hate to admit it , but I really had to force myself to read through this book . It was not that it had no value , for it did contain some help insights ; but it was the third book I have read by a Navigator and they all sound alike . It is almost as if I am hearing a Navigator 's commercial throughout each book . Eims basis premise , however , is sound
 I do n't know what it is about Reiss that I found so appealing when I was younger , but that appeal level has gone significantly down . I still do find some of her books to be positively fascinating , but really ? She calls this a book ? It begins slow and continues to be slow throughout the sequence of events . In comparison to Reiss 's more supernatural books , this is a complete bore . It contains an obnoxiously simple and linear plot in which pretty much nothing happens . The entire book continues to basically be a broken record , with no real resolution , twists , anything much . It 's unnecessarily melodramatic , and at multiple times I found myself uncontrollably laughing at the absurdity of it all , especially at what were supposed to be the more tense parts . The only well-developed truly round character in the story is Grandad , and he does n't play much of a role at all until the unsatisfying end . This is not a book worth your time . I love her supernatural ones , but this really was nothing special.Rating
 This book is a complete waste of money . It contains no information that a reasonably intelligent man -LRB- or woman -RRB- could n't easily figure out on his or her own , or discover on internet dating sites for free . The authors are believers in astrology , and devote a substantial chunk of the book to providing astrological information . As you can probably tell , I do not believe in astrology , but despite that , the astrological information in the book would also be very quickly available at no cost to any minimally proficient Google user .
 The closest to valuable information this book has is
 This book is little more than a pamphlet . It 's written totally for men in the younger age brackets . I also bought and read I Ca n't Believe I 'm Buying This Book
 This brief 100 pages book wastes 25 pages on horoscopes , zodiac signs , what your sign says about you , what signs mean in women , what signs you should date . What do ancient superstitions have to do with the Internet and why does it consume 1/4 of the book ? The remainder of the book dispenses fairly obvious advice like woman types
 I bought this to review it for content and usability , I ca n't believer what I read . This book has nothing useful in it ! It do n't tell you anything about what to say or even how to figure out what type of woman you want let alone how to get her to respond to you . It 's just full of useless information like horoscopes I culd n't believe it , it even had the chinese horoscope taken off of some menu in a restaurant ! This book does n't do anything buy take your money and waste a tree .
 I am sorry but after reading this book , I have to admit that the feminists are right . Men are pigs and the only reason this book was written was for the authors to make money.The book tries to justify its existance by saying it is designed to help you find the love of your life on the internet . It actually only helps you find the love of your night . If I had actually used any of the tips in the book , I would have had alot of sex but I doubt finding my soulmate would have been possible . In fact I doubt anyone using this tips would find their ultimate mate , it would be inspite of the tips not because of them.An entire chapter is devoted to sterotyping women , though the authors do try to explain most women do not meet these types , then the list over 10 to watch out for.I am glad I did not actually pay for this , I would have demanded my money back .
 There is undoubtedly useful information in The Hidden Ivies . Most of it , however , is contained on the front cover . Other than naming the thirty colleges , `` Of excellence , '' the book does little to differentiate between the schools . In fact , the descriptions of six schools that I am considering -LRB- all contained in Greene 's book -RRB- sound practically identical ! Overall , this guide is useful for listing thirty colleges named on its cover . If you 're looking for more information than that , look somewhere else .
 I did not find this book particularly useful . The college descriptions are more like advertorials written by the colleges themselves rathen than objective and independent analysis with pros and cons . Furthermore the book provides little help with putting together an application for each of these schools - something the author could have done given his claim to know these institutions so well .
 I graduated from one of the schools described in this book , and I was horrified to see it listed on the cover . Throughout my time there , I was surrounded by people who could n't care less about the name on their diploma , and could n't care more about the quality of their education . Anyone who would be interested in a book titled `` Hidden Ivies '' does not have the sort of personality suited to my school - the name is nothing , the labels are nothing . The professors and fellow students are everything . These are excellent schools , but they should be considered in spite of what the Greenes title them , not because of it .
 John Brunner -LRB- 1934-1995 -RRB- was a prolific science fiction writer , one of many from England that had great commercial success in the United States . Muddle Earth was published in 1993 . Admirers of Mr. Brunner 's writings , and I count myself as a member of that large community , will , I believe , be somewhat disappointed in this , his last novel . The story is a tongue in cheek satire concerning an individual returned to life - resurrected - after being `` frozen '' for many years . Not an original story concept by any means but ripe with possibilities . Brunner employees this theme as an opportunity to lampoon just about everything - handled with a sharp barb this approach could be enchanting but Brunner uses a cleaver . There are lots of puns , plays on other science fiction authors names -LRB- a medical machine is THEODOR Surgeon , another quack in Wrong Ghoulart and on and on -RRB- and a mammoth assortment of robots and disguised aliens playing historical persons - and some from Earth fiction - Sherlock Holmes and Watson for example.A interesting book for the dedicated Brunner fans , but casual readers would be better entertained reading his `` The Sheep Look Up '' - `` Shockwave Rider '' - or `` Stand on Zanzibar '' .
 Brunner 's best is pretty spectacular , whether in thoughtful fables likeTraveler in Blackor crumbling futures likeThe Sheep Look Up . This , I regret , is not his best . Humorous SF has been around for years . `` The Hitch Hiker 's Guide '' was relatively recent when this came out , and Pratchett 's Discworld saga was well under way . Perhaps Brunner felt that he needed to write something in that genre to prove himself as a well-rounded writer.It gets off to a promising start . There are potentially humorous misunderstandings just before the start of his centuries-long cryogenic sleep , more just before the end of it , and a steady stream that carry him on a wild ride through the weirdness of that far-future Earth . For some odd reason , he wakes from his hibernation with after-effects that initially flatten his emotions . That 's a clue , dear reader
 This book is simply a compilation of repackaged material that anyone with common sense could write down on a piece of paper . The anecdotes are hokey and the BOLD ALL CAPS punch lines are simply there to take up space . Save yourself some money by sitting down and taking the time to think of how to package yourself in your job search . Also , Mr. Lucht makes sure that his self promotion is woven throughout the book . The kicker is that the book is simplisticly and exasperatingly written in a kind of folksy style . My advice
 Its full of pitures and not what I thought it would of been . There are better books then this one I would pass it up if I had known .
 For every picture the author could have at least marked the positions for the next step with some kind of colored dots , or perhaps for knots requiring two or more kinds of ropes -LRB- like braids -RRB- used two or three Differently colored ropes to prevent confusion . The written information is absolutely NonSense . I am a very intuitive and mechanical person but this was not even worth while trying to figure out , it left me confused and as if holding an encrypted book with only Pretty Pictures but not ANY learning material at all -LRB- 70 % of the content makes no sense and is undoable from just the skiped step pictures and the crappy instructions -RRB- . People , just save your money and more importantly TIME . Google &#34; Names or Types of Knots &#34; then go to youtube and type in the kind of knot you want to learn = &#62; end result is you WILL learn something and it will take just a couple of minutes instead of hours trying to hopelessly figure out what and how to do the next step . If a picture is worth a thousand words , then in my opinion a bunch of pictures with missing steps in between is worth less than nothing , and an online video is worth millions of words !!! Get some other book even if it is more expensive , it will be worth it .
 I requested the book 9th edition and you sent me a student review 4th edition . This is an activity manuel to accompany the book .
 When I bought this book I was hoping on getting a book covering only small jets ! But what I got was a book including a lot of piston aircraft and a few airliners along with the biz JETS . Piston engine is n't a jet engine ! Some informations that I would like to know on these `` jets '' are not there e.g. cruising alt . But the book has it 's good sides to ! The recognition part is very neat and I the thing that gives this book those two stars !
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court did a very good job informing the reader about the Biblical justification of some very important Catholic Traditions . However , while reading this book , aside from the informative parts , I felt as though I were reading a fairytale . To start , the whole concept that after the death of his father , Michael 's mother would just pull all the children out of school to go to Kentucky seems unrealistic , especially because it is near the end of the school year . Once in Kentucky , everything seemed to work out just about perfect for Michael . When there , he managed to learn a plethora of information about the Bible and his faith , in a very short amount of time , and always , he knew it just when he needed it . Also , at the Bible Discussions , despite never having any of the books there that helped him originally , he remembered perfectly every argument the books brought up , and every book , chapter , line and verse from the Bible he sited in order to back his arguments . The response of the Fundamentalists to his proof also was somewhat too perfect for Michael . The Fundamentalists such as Luther , Jimmy , and Les appeared to have more of an amazed response to Michael 's arguments , rather then to have any really strong dissentions . Had he encountered a few more problems , and a few more issues or strong objections by the Fundamentalists , it would have been more genuine . Michael just always had the answers , right when he needed them , and they were perfect , leaving almost no ground on which the Fundamentalists could stand . I think that they -LSB- the Fundamentalists -RSB- would have been much more outraged , and not quite so passive of his contentions , especially Les . Overall , I did feel the book provided some good information about Catholic Faith and Tradition , however the actual story seemed too clich&eacute; and perfect to grab the interest of this reader .
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James 's Court was a Catholic vs. Fundamentalist Christians story . Michael , the main character who went from Philadelphia to Kentucky , defended Catholic views and procedures . He tried to explain new ideas to the Fundamentalist , but they where not open to these ideas . I personally felt it became better towards the end of the novel . At first it was slow-moving and hard to keep track of all the characters . The description became hackneyed , along with the plot . Also , reading about the farm life was hard to relate to . After the heated bible discussions began , the story was easier to read . Overall , this book was better than I had expected .
 This book was a school reading assignment . When I first began to read it I anticipated that it would be rather dumb . It turns out that i was correct . I could not become interested . It had the worst plot and why anyone would read it for the purpose of personal interest it is umm oh yea stupid . Summing up my review I think it never should have been written .
 This novel shows the struggle of a young boy troubled by his own faith , with problems within his own family from his father 's death , to his uncle 's fighting against his faith . It shows his struggle to find out what Catholicism is , the flaws of it , and which religion he should follow . It shows the heresies against Catholicism , along with its strengths . It has a sheer lacking in the amount of entertainment in the book , yet it can either strengthen or weaken your faith . It is tends to be utterly dull at times . Not a good book .
 The other reviewers do a good job of summarizing the plot of this novel , so I will not go into those details . My one compliment to this book is that the truths of the Catholic faith are presented honestly as the young man struggles to defend his beliefs against many common misconceptions and accusations.As a story itself , however , the novel is trite and irritating . I really wanted to connect to this young man who lost his father , but the characters of the young man , his dead father , his mother and siblings were too idyllically drawn to be real . While I know many good Catholics and happy families , I could not relate to the O'Sheas of this book as they seemed so cloyingly perfect . I could n't finish this book and I would n't even consider handing it to one of my teenagers . Perhaps those who live in a Catholic `` bubble '' might find this novel interesting . I , for one , would rather study the catechism with my children to deepen our faith and then , when reading time comes , encourage my children to crack open novels with well-developed , complex and compelling characters , settings and plots . This novel is not one of those .
 While Morison does admit to the genocide of the Indians lead by Columbus and his henchmen , it idolizes him for the duration of the book . A brief admittance of guilt , for Morison , is a surefire way of allowing a much more bias , idealistic portrayal of a man with `` questionable '' character traits . Bartolome De Las Casas , a European minister who lived in the same time as Colombus , gives a much more realistcally bleek look at the Spanish invasion of the Americas . Because Morison 's focus shifts so rapidly from the bad to the good , it loses major points for realism . The book reads more like a 3rd grade textbook ; Morison would have us believe Santa Claus and the toothfairy exists along side a saintly Christopher Columbus .
 We have all heard it before
 This is an old book , and does n't cover the newer SQLite 3.x information .
 As far as I know , this is the first book on SQLite and for that Chris Newman deserves a compliment.Beyond that , this book is not very useful though :1 -RRB- It explains some basic SQL syntax but I did n't buy this book to learn SQL .2 -RRB- Very little information about the specifics and pitfalls of SQLite syntax , I rarely find what I 'm looking for .3 -RRB- Being a PHP developer I do n't need the chapters on C++ , Perl , TCL and Python -LRB- about 25 % of the book -RRB- .
 While it proports to be an unbiased analysis of precaution , before one reads this book , they need to know the books political perspective . The book is published by the Cato Institute which has a long history of anti-regulatory , anti-environmental positions . This book is no exception . Lake many other Cato Institute publications , the author takes selective pieces of information out of context to provide a less than true reality of the so-called abuse of precaution . To date , we have many very good examples of the health and economic impacts of not taking precaution based on early warnings - lead , asbestos , tobacco . I suggest readers chose an excellent European Union report called Late Lessons from Early Warnings which provides 14 case studies written by experts about how early warnings of damage were not headed . Goklany 's case studies - which are noted for being examples of precaution taken too far are far from that . There is general consensus in the scientific community that climate change is happening and possibly resulting in impacts to health and ecosystems . We still do not know the potential range of impacts from genetic engineering - though there is no evidence that restrictions on genetic engineering have caused damage . Goklany presents precaution as a choice between often too bad options - either we have genetic engineering or people starve in the third world , while neglecting that any risk can be addressed through various options , for example integrated pest managment . For an examination of the anti-regulatory position on preventive , precautionary policies , this book is a good choice . For an objective view on environmental risks , it is not
 I just bought this book 5 days ago . I test in 17 days . SO that gives me at the most if I started studying when I bought this book about 22 days total . I will give you an update on how I did . So far I 've read everything in the book , but aside from the practice tests , I do n't really care too much because it does n't actually go through and help you with more difficult problems . I 've taken the asvab before , but for the job I want I need to score a little higher to be a linguist in the general section . I 'm just studying my VE & Arithmetic since those are the only two that matter . I 'll give you a future update .
 As I see that , book have catchphrases and horror tricks , like dont have explanations for some tests in end of book , only comments like something as `` If you not understand it now , after all what you read , you need buy `` Science for Dummies , Math for Dummies , English for Dummies , Algebra for Dummies , Geometry for Dummies ... etc '' - what really agressive advertising , make peoples feel scared , stupid and affraid and make them need buy more books from this publisher ... Its scare my for a moment!Most helpful for my Peterson ASVAB , what have good explanation for ALL tests . I never not bui something `` for dummies '' again .
 this book is very mediocre , it has very little correct information . the practice test especially the math parts have a lot of questions that are irrelevant when taking the actual test none of the questions you have practiced for math is on the actual test . the info about the time and amount of questions in the test are correct but be warned . Im sure there are better ways to improve your math skills . do n't waste your money .
 Overall the book is good as an informative source , so you know what to expect.First 40 % is explanatory , introductionary section , how to approach to the subject and how to resolve the problem using different methods . very good.But here is a two little problems :1 . Many parts of the word knowledge practice -LRB- not only word knowledge section -RRB- tests looks similar to other asvab books , other publishers . I have two more asvab paperbacks , from Peterson 's and REA additions . Well , formulas and resolving methods will always will be the same . But exact questions and exact answers ? I mean that some questions are the same with exact same options of answers like from others asvabs .2 . There is a mistake in word knowlidge answer sheet : Practice exam 1 , Word Knowledge , Question 15 : The brass was not BURNISHEDA . yellowB . dullC . expensiveD . polishedanswer sheet says choice B is correct . It is NOT correct ! burnished means polished , so choice D is correct!mistakes can happened but NOT in test book ... . especially for military book . no exceptions .
 Contents references pages up to 375 . Book stop at page 342 . Three chapters are missing . Good book up until the missing chapters .
 It was a good book but the pages was yellow and the book was old . It should of said ok book instead of good book . But I love the book and it breaks down the questions .
 I bought this book for my son as he wanted to study for ASVAB test and when I was helping him study by reading him the test there were many many answers incorrect in the back of the book . When checking to see if an answer was incorrect or correct there were lots of mistakes . I was aware of some of the answers and knew they were wrong , but if a person was in the dark about what the answer would be they would go on the incorrect answer . So , this is not a book I would recommend for studying .
 There may literally be 100 errors and poor assumptions in this book . I 'm lucky I caught them , but I already scored 91 on the practice ASVAB at the recruiter 's office . I ca n't imagine how confusing or misleading it would be for someone who was not aware enough to catch the errors . And I wonder how many I missed . Here 's a few off the top of my head that go something like this . To convert from square feet to square inches , multiply by 144 ... not 12 . It 's a little confusing when the right answer is n't even a choice on the practice test . If wool , iron , silver , and any other object are placed in boiling water , over time they will ALL reach the same temperature , regardless of conductivity . Now if a portion of the object is sticking out of the pot , that 's a different story . If you touch a key , wool sweater , plastic spoon and , I do n't know , lets say a leather belt ... yes common sense says the key will FEEL the coldest because metal is the best conductor of heat ... assuming that all the objects are below body temperature . What if they 've been in the sun?I recommend trying a different ASVAB prep publication . I did .
 I 'm not even sure the makers of ASVAB for dummies are aware that the test is computer based now . Right off the bat , they tell you to guess on answers b/c there is no penalty ... WRONG ! That 's how it worked for the paper/pencil version , however , the computer version is an adaptive test meaning if you guess and get it wrong , you get an easier question next which is worth less points , meaning your maximum possible score just went DOWN . You have to try your best on each and every question , but the successive question -LRB- s -RRB- and your possible points you can earn depends on it!So , aside from the entire premise of the book being totally wrong and misleading , the information a future recruit needs to know is all jumbled and disconnected without adequate explanations or lessons . I guess it 's supposed to make it `` easier '' , but the book is basically written entirely in some cutesy way with random symbols and bubbles of info everywhere ... it 's distracting and disorganized , not `` fun '' or `` easy '' . The important information the reader needs to know to succeed on the test is often glossed over with no information on how to practice or improve , but random `` tips '' are scattered throughout that do n't really provide anything useful to the reader.There are pages and pages of charts for MOS 's -LRB- military occupational specialty -RRB- ... like a soon-to-be recruit knows how to read that ! That information is not even on the test and their recruiter is there to help them with that . There is absolutely zero reason for that detailed and confusing chart to be in this book . Even if a recruit figured out how to decipher the charts , they would n't -LRB- and have no reason to -RRB- know what any of it means .
 I am sorely disappointed by this book.I do n't know what the other reviewer was doing when he actually read through this book but I found countless , and I mean a SUBSTANTIAL number , of incorrect answers in this books prep tests . The amount of factual errors , typos and flat out incorrect information contained in this book makes me wonder if it really was written by a `` Dummie '' . On top of this everything contained inside the book is stuff you would have learned in the first year of high school if you paid any attention what so ever to your classes.To top this off and prove how serious I am about informing you guys/gals not to even contemplate putting your money forth to purchase this book -- I made an account on Amazon.com solely so I could express my distress at this poorly written piece of literature .
 If you read a `` Dummies '' book before then you know the format . The first part of the book is divided into lessons , then there are three sample tests in the back.I thought the lessons were good , but not great compared to some of the other ASVAB books out there . The book did a great job of telling you upcoming changes to the ASVAB as advertised.What really turned me off from this book was when I was doing the sample tests and there were a couple answers that were clearly wrong . For instance , the question for General Science was what Chromosomes does a female have . The answers in the back said `` XY '' while it should have been `` XX '' . This was just one of a few I found.While the style remains the same as most dummies books , I cant recommend this to anyone based on the errors in the sample tests . If you dont plan on doing sample tests then this book might be for you .
 I mean seriously , I paid good money for this book and the practice test answers are wrong . I do n't recommend buying this and am going to try and get my money back .
 This book is great for people whom already have well developed , basic math skills and are just looking for a refresher to familiarize them with what they might run across on the ASVAB . You need to already have good math skills because the math , science , electronics , and physics portions of this book are FILLED with basic , arithmetic errors -LRB- elementary school level addition and subtraction and middle school level factoring -RRB- . Do n't expect to learn anything from this book . If you need to brush up on math for the ASVAB , I would suggest a different publisher .
 The cutesy little jokes and wisecracks ca n't hide the fact that there are many errors in the tests and in the review sections . It 's obvious on many test sections that the answer is for a different question . Plus , the questions are way too easy -- like training with matchsticks when you 're going to have to move tree trunks .
 This book was a good refresher ... but BEWARE ! The math sections are FULL of errors ! FULL OF ERRORS !!!
 Although there are good poems in here , and good authors , Astley is intent on dumbing down poetry - this book aims for the lowest common denominator possible , and then digs deeper . Astley 's commentary and rants are opinionated and condescending . Poetry is far more alive and interesting than than this anthology suggests .
 Beware of translated works that do n't mention the name of the translator.That should have been my first clue . I 'm not sure who did the translating of this collection , but he obviously does not have a thorough knowledge/appreciation of Russian humour and literature . I can say this because I 'm from Russia and after reading the original version of Diary of a Madman -LRB- I did n't bother further with the others -RRB- and comparing it to this one , I was disappointed by how lengthy and confusing the passages were . The language was tripping over itself , rather than flowing with the Gogolian humour and absurdity . It was boring and difficult to follow and had none of the finesse that , for instance , Pevear and Volokhonsky 's version was able to capture . Most surprising is that entire sentences were missing from certain passages . It seems that whenever there was a phrase the translator could n't make sense of or see how it fit into the scheme of things , he just omitted it entirely !!! This is really offensive to the writer and unfair to the readers.For goodness sake , he did n't even get the name of the dog right !! It 's `` Medji , '' not `` Meggy '' -- just because this sound does n't exist quite the same in the English language , does n't mean you can rename the dog ! -LRB- Unless it is n't read `` Meggy '' like `` Peggy '' but most English readers will read it this way anyway -RRB- But the dog is n't the most important part . It 's really the fact that the translator did not do Gogol justice . He did not treat this work with the dignity and reverence it deserves and as a result , has put out a shoddy interpretation of a classic tale.I gave two stars because I did notice some attempts to capture the complexity of dry wit , as is often the style of satirical Russian authors . It is indeed very difficult to do this with English . Whoever this translator was , they made a solid effort ; unfortunately , he just could n't carry it . And the publisher should be more selective with the quality of work it puts its stamp on .
 It is sad that this book -- and the comprable `` Short Prose Reader '' from McGraw-Hill -- are seriously compromised by the greed of a publisher that prices a book in its 8th edition that could be marketed profitably for less than ten dollars and prices it out of the range of poor students .
 A little too flowery for my taste and not very scientific . Then again what did I expect !!! Easy pros however if you want to learn about anatomy , get an anatomy atlas !!
 Apparently , the target audience for this book are students from engineering technology , but it is a useful introduction for any one willing to exploit the calculator in electrical circuits as well as other branches of technology . As Prof. Aston implies in the preface , present day programmable scientific calculators -LRB- including but not restricted to TI and HP families , I add -RRB- are in many way as powerful as expensive software packages for the analysis of electrical circuits ; in fact , two chapters of the book are devoted to PSpice and Mathcad . These calculators are for all practical purposes portable computers with excellent software packages included.The book includes many examples ilustrating fairly well the use of the TI86 in the analysis and design of circuits , complemented with end of chapter exercises . It emphasizes programming writing , which has both its advantages and drawbacks.The first chapters consider DC and AC analysis of simple circuits , parallel series combinations , voltage and current divisions , elementary bandpass filters , not forgetting of course the use of complex numbers . Here , the examples introduce very well the use of the calculators in getting numerical and graphical results ; in addition , the programming of particular topologies is welcome.The loop and node methods in chapter 4 emphasize the AC mode , with the resistive dc mode as a special case . Some network properties are considered in chapter 5 . My feeling is that these chapters do not exploit well the capabilities of the calculator . Even if not as powerful as the TI-92 , the TI-86 allows more powerful treatment of these methods than what provided . The presentation given by the author follows the classical one presented in textbooks , namely , write down the equations , work the algebra to put them in matrix form and then use the calculator to solve this matrix equation . This procedure becomes cumbersome for large circuits ; solving the matrix equation is the same for a 2x2 or a 20x20 , as far as the calculator allows it . The big problem is to write down the equations and put them in matrix form , and this is where the calculator can be better applied . Programming of particular topologies such as bridged - T or delta-wye configurations is useful for people using these topologies very often . The author has missed however an opportunity to introduce students to the secrets of `` circuit simulators '' , and to understand better what Spice does.Chapter 7 deals with power , chapter 10 with transformers , mutual inductance and some passive filters structures ; and chapter 11 works with circuits containing operational amplifiers as well as active filters . In all the chapters the use of the calculators is well illustrated through examples and programs for design and analyss of particular structures are given . The plots of frequency responses are well introduced for the examples.Transient analysis of first order circuits is done in chapter 8 with emphasis in graphical results and the use of differential equations solver from the calculator . If you are interested in seeing how powerful can a calculator be for answering questions that students usually make about the usefullness and practical considerations regarding Fourier Series , chapter 9 provides a good introduction using the square wave in particular . Here again , the calculator can be further exploited.Even if you find useful chapters 7 on PSpice and 12 on Mathcad , I can not by wonder if they belong really to this book . I would better suggest them as appendices.It seems that the book was intended as a textbook . However , I would not recommend it for a first try in learning circuits , although it constitutes a good companion for textbooks or else a reference book refreshing some concepts for those who had already been exposed to theory and prefer to concentrate on the tools .
 I can not believe there are no negative reviews for this . No matter any point of view -LRB- feminists are gon na be mad -RRB- or theory this book is positing , the basis of the book is not understanding female anatomy . I have no idea if the psychological ideas have been debunked . This book was given to me as a joke a few birthdays ago . You can say `` the reason your sex is bad is because you 've lost your feminine role '' and hell , that could be 100 % correct , but a big chunk of this book ignores where the nerve endings are located . In the 40 years since this was published , I think someone went ahead and talked to some women , maybe even did some science-y stuff and decided 80 + % of women were n't just orgasming wrong . But its good that this is still out there , to make people feel ashamed of the way their body works . In other news , no one poops but you
 I just could not read it ; it was too violent and ugly . Perhaps it was just me but I could n't get past the first chapter .
 This book contained some useful information on the basic grammer of the english language , but was mediocore -LRB- at best -RRB- compared to the Yarber 's previous book -LRB- reviewing basic grammer , also available on amazon.com -RRB-
 I found this book so over the top it was absurd . In one chapter it actually states that most people who try pot do n't feel any difference at all and wonder what all the fuss is about . Give me break . I 'm not anti marijuana , but I do feel there is a time and place to use it . The author seems to shove her opinion down your throat that all the cares in the world would be solved if people were to stay stoned as much as possible . Of course the economy as we know it would collapse but we would be too stoned to care . I thought the book would give a more factual account of the pros and cons I was dissappointed that it turned out to be such a fairy tale .
 First of all , let me make one thing quite clear
 Given the lavish praise for _ 100 Years of Solitude _ , I am gravely disappointed and frustrated . At the risk of being burned in effigy -LRB- or in the very least pilloried as a philistine -RRB- , wading through Marquez was a real test of my patience and literary fortitude.The story was a difficult read , which I do n't mind , so long as there is a reward for my efforts . I found no such relief here . Stylisitically it was an abomination
 In this book many characters are parallel , mimicking thefutility of war and the cycle of meaningless brought onby wars . The characterization lacked depth but the writ-ing ha a beautiful quality of magical realism like inother books by Marquez . Again , Marquez 's focus on pedo-philia was disconcerting.How can I like a writer so much yet dislike his book?The answer is that beautiful writing is not enough tocreate a good book . Their needs to be excellence inform and content . Marquez is excellent in form but heis very low in content . I found this book more confus-ing than any other book that I completed . If it hadnot been written by Marquez , I would not have finishedit .
 This book has been extoled over and over to me throughout the years . I tried it about 5 yrs ago and quit after 30 or so pages , but this time when my book group chose it , I was determined to try it again . After all I 'm 5 years older . I read it slowly , tried not to analyze it too deeply and become immersed in the flow of the culture . About l00 pages into it , I thought this is really creative and interesting . Fifty pages later , I was bored with its redundancy of characters , names and magical events . It picked up again in the last 50 pages , but it NEVER did for me what so many of the previous readers exclaimed about . I was disappointed . This is one book that did n't live up to its hype .
 This is just a warning to those of you who think you may have found a new , great author to read
 I really wanted to like this . The style of writing is interesting , and somewhat poetic , which is why this even rates two stars . The story just seems to ramble on and on , and did n't keep my attention . It was painful to keep going , and I still have n't finished it ... -LRB- I normally read through books to the end in a relatively short amount of time . -RRB- The writing style , while interesting and poetic , slips key bits of information into the story to the point where it 's almost hidden , rather than doing what most writers do and building up to important parts of the storyline . Several times I found myself rereading a sentence or paragraph to verify that I had read it correctly -- that significant parts of the story had just been slipped in to otherwise rambling text . It 's not that things need to be pointed out to me , but I found this method of storytelling very anti-climactic . Additionally , the characters were so highly flawed , with so little -LRB- or in some cases no -RRB- redeeming qualities , I did n't find myself connecting with any of them . I really wanted to like this book , but I just could n't get into it .
 I was cajoled into reading this `` required reading for all of humanity '' masterpiece . I had to fight to finish this novel - I thought that at the very least , it would be as magical as Allende 's House of Spirits , but I was severely disappointed . Unlike everyone else -LRB- or so it seems everyone else -RRB- , this book did not change my sensibilities . The best part of the book was the last 40 or so pages , which ALMOST , almost , made the other 400 pages worthwhile . I do not doubt Garcia Marquez ' talent -- what I do believe is a lot was lost in the translation !
 I would like to take this moment to state that I am enamored with the way Gabriel Garcia Marquez writes . One Hundred Years of Solitude is the third book by Marquez that I have read . The first Marquez book I picked up was Love in the Time of Cholera and I was blown away by the story and the remarkable and beautiful prose . Next , I picked up a small novel of Marquez 's , Memories of My Melancholy Whores , and once again walked away delighted . I found that Marquez had a very unique ability to create emotional ties to the characters in his stories . I also found that I was reveling in the joys of those characters , as well as suffering their grief . Unfortunately , in One Hundred Years of Solitude , I never made those emotional connections.One Hundred Years of Solitude is a novel that is ostensibly about a family , the Beundias , and the lot they drew which apparently leads to eternal suffering and misery for everyone in the family . As compelling as that theme should be , I found that deep down , the story was simply about a town , Macondo and the suffering is tangential and always on the periphery.Marquez does tell the reader that the characters are suffering , and he does so with vivid language : `` The need to feel sad was becoming a vice as the years eroded her ... '' `` He could not understand why he had needed so many words to explain what he felt in war because one was enough
 Horrible ! Boring and could not keep my interest . I stopped reading after the first 3 chapters because sleep kept invading my read time .
 This book was highly recommended by a number of people who knew I was going to visit Colombia . They said it would explain the culture and tell the story of Colombia . After visiting Colombia and immersing myself in the culture and history of this incredible country , I do not see the fit . Colombia is a country with energy , action and forward momentum rather than a sleepy melancholy society chasing its tail .
 My experience with 100 Years of Solitude has been that people either love it or they absolutely hate it , but I 'm apathetic about it . I had to read it for a world cultures class in college and not even the teacher could tell us how it was relevant to what the class was about . The repetition of the men 's names makes for a very confusing story line , and the son that was born with a tail ? Weird , to say the least . But apparently this book inspires a lot of people judging by the previous reviews . I would suggest that you read it if for no other reason than to form your own opinion about it .
 I enjoyed the first hundred pages or so . The symbolism was very intriguing , but after a while it was just confusing with too many characters and a meandering plot . I could not stay awake long enough to finish it .
 I wonder if only the good reviews get notice or do the people who do n't care for it much take the time to comment on it . Not worth the effort , could n't finish it .
 In what appears to be a stab at Western values this Prize winning author has created a confusing mess.Many people take this book and wade through it seeking some sort of enlightenment from such a prestigious work -LRB- Nobel Prize 1982 -RRB- . When , in reality , this book is a sophomoric slap at US and Western European anti-communist policies of the Cold War.I am not saying the Western policies were sound , but I will say that communism and the system it supported have been proven to be morally bankrupt and fiscally unsound . Perhaps the politics of the time pushed the Nobel Committee into giving an award that could have been given elsewhere .
 What is the point of this book ? It does n't have one , in my opinion . The author himself said that the reason for writing it was that he wanted to write a book about incest ! I really do not enjoy graphic descriptions of this incest , either . I would not reccommend it to anyone , in fact , I tell others NOT to read it . I would n't have read past the tenth page if I had n't been required to for my English class .
 When reading is a chore and makes absolutely no sense at all , what is the point ? I could not have made it through this book at all without the family tree in the front since so many of the characters have the same or similar names . I read on and on thinking it was going to all start making some sense or there would be a big ending , but in the end I put it down and felt like it was a huge waste of my valuable reading time . I re-sold the book as fast as I could unload it . It is really interesting and amazing to me how so many people love this book ... I 'm a reader in general but this one I just do n't quite grasp . It is a nightmare of a read .
 I heard about this book at roughly the same time from several independent sources and I took it as a sign that I must read it . I 'm at page 200 , and I 'm still awaiting the brilliance and genius that it 's supposed to embody.The repetition of family names is confusing . The plot , if there is a definite one , is somewhat stream-of-consciousness , which makes it difficult to follow at times . I understand the magical realism concept , but I 'm not that charmed with it . The characters are vividly described , both on the outside and inside , but I 've felt no real attachment to any of them . They feel more like caricatures than real people . Maybe I 'm just not getting the book or its message . -LRB- What is the message ? -RRB- I think it may be about how government and modernism can corrupt a simple people . But it 's difficult to be sure , as it 's disguised among the thickness of surrealism , incest , suicide , and murder . The incestuous scenes abound and were a shock to me . Why so much incest ? Perhaps I 'm failing to grasp the unique Latin-American culture this book is supposed to have captured so perfectly . I will say that Garcia Marquez certainly has an original writing style , and I have gotten a kick out of some of his creative metaphors.Otherwise , I 'm having a hard time staying with the book , but in fairness I will read it all the way through . However , it has not been a page-turner thus far .
 Not sure why this book has been so raved about . When I bought it , the book store clerk told me it was his `` favorite book ever '' . That 's quite an endorsement.I found it to be really uninteresting . It 's almost all exposition , with little dialogue . The characters may be `` memorable '' , but only because they 're `` boring '' . None of them have any personality -LRB- although one is well-endowed , which is nice -RRB- and is the author just * trying * to be difficult when he gives them all such similar names?This book felt like the authors parents told him lots of stories and fables when he was growing up , and he tried to cram them all into one long stream on consciousness tale . I abandoned it half-way through .
 It 's hard to make up your own mind when you hear so much praise about a book such as this one . It feels wrong to assign negative comments to a work labeled a world classic and whose author received the Nobel Prize.Indeed , the literary flowers abound inside and the ending is among the best . Marquez is a language virtuoso and imaginative -LRB- what else do you want from a writer , eh ? -RRB- But , I did not enjoy reading this story at all . The narrative is a rather remote 3rd person omniscient , similar to what you would find in a fairy tale , that goes on about various situations happening to many generations of a family . It is not specific about the psychology of characters but looms large , an epic , if you want.As far as I am concerned - and perhaps I am blas&eacute; - I could not care less about these situations or these characters . I felt the scenes were like anecdotes , unimportant and leading nowhere . I had the strange impression the writer had literary diarrhea showing off his prowess with words.The fact that every once in a while a seemingly gratuitous sex or incest fantasy would happen to these characters who seldom ever love annoyed me . A beautiful love story ? Are you kidding ? Only the last couple love each others but they are related in blood and end up in a bad place.There are other epics to read that are more glorious and have more staying power . This one was not to my liking .
 I read this book before it became an Oprah pick - and was almost appalled that she had chosen it as something she deemed worthy for others to spend their precious time reading ! It started out good to me , I did n't mind the magic realism . I actually thought it was quite charming . But after awhile it seemed that the story just went on , and on , and on ... with no real end in sight . Most of the book just seemed kind of like page fillers to me , with no real significance to the story . I was ready to put the book down before I got even half way through , but forced myself to trudge through it to the bitter end . As far as recommendations go , I would recommend passing on this book - or at least borrowing it from a devoted Oprah book club reader . Do n't spend your money on it .
 Characters are n't interesting . The story is not compelling . The plot is not engaging . No mystery of any kind . Just dull . Much ado ... why ?
 This book was a total waste of time . I kept thinking that it was going to lead somewhere or reveal something , but it never did - it just kept repeating names until I had no idea and no longer cared who was who and rambled on to an unfulfilling end .
 I read this book after it was recommended by Oprah as being considered `` perhaps the best book ever written '' ! What a disappointment ... I slogged my way through it , thinking `` it must get better if it 's the best book ever written '' ... but alas , no , it did n't . I am a voracious reader , and read fro 2-5 books a week . I noticed Amazon recommended `` if you like this , you 'll like Catch 22 '' . I loved Catch 22 ! I HATED this book ! What am I missing here ?
 I read -LRB- well , not really ... I got to page 100 and felt like I 'd read it three times already -RRB- this book over ten years ago and I still rank it as the worse piece of tripe that I ever had the misfortune to come across . But I 'm biased . Like most Latins , I think the whole `` magical and mysterious '' cloak with which Latin literature is viewed abroad is unfortunate , but ultimately it 's that kind of rubbish that sells .
 I will not critize this book too heavily , as apparently it is a classic and many people find it delightful . However , I found the book extremely hard to follow , and without any identifyable plot line . Yes , it is interesting to see how a city can develop over 100 years of time , but all the characters kept dying off , and I found myself not being bothered by it , as nothing made me connect with them through the book . I really just did not find the book enjoyable enough to continue past 2/3rds the way in to it .
 I pride myself on finishing every book I begin reading , but this novel severely tested my perseverance . I kept waiting for the story to generate even a spark of interest but it just never happened for me . Admittedly Marquez is a gifted writer and for this reason I was tempted to award the book 2 stars , but if I had to sum up the book in one word it would be PAINFUL , thus the single star . I 've read a number of ` classics ' which were difficult reads , but there were usually rewards for the effort . I ca n't say the same for this book .
 I was very excited to read this book , and plunged right in when it arrived . As I continued to read , waiting for the plot to kick in , or for something to persuade me to keep reading , I realized the moment would never come . This book represents some of the worst writing I have ever encountered , and it seemed like Marquez was trying too hard to sound poetic . Oh , and after hanging on to witness the full plot , I discovered that there really is n't one . I would not recommend this book to anyone because it is a complete waste of time -- so do n't be fooled by people who claim this book is beautiful , like I did . It 's anything but .
 I am an avid reader and always have been pleased with Oprah 's picks . This book however was painful to get through and I was so disappointed that I finally put it away for good . This is the first book I can honestly say I have never finished nor would ever like to . I have read other books by Gabriel Garcia Marquez but I certainly do not see this one as his best work ! What a sleeper !
 10,000 ideas thrown up in the air and landed randomly on pages.Characters not even likeable except for Ursula . Too muchridiculous stuff making story unbelievable . The author reallyhas put one over on the public ; I could have written a betterbook !
 So if nobody understands what the heck the author is trying to say means that the book rates five stars ? I think not .
 Forgive me if I 've missed the point of this book completely , but I feel it is undeserving of the praise . As a fan of `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' , I was sadly disappointed by this book . Adorers are right in saying this book is a difficult read ; I agree with this sentiment , but for different reasons . Read on.My main objection is that the story and the characters in the book do n't live or breathe . What I mean is that character actions or propelling story events occur almost spontaneously with no real motivation or sense . The reason behind this is that the majority of the story is told in Marquez 's -LRB- lyrical -RRB- exposition . We 're given a hodgepodge of character chatter throughout the story , but the brunt of the novel is description . The problem with this is that Marquez rules the town with an iron fist
 When you purchase and read this book you will be exposed to many wonderful and fanciful narrative techniques . There is no arguing that the way in which the latter chapters of One Hundred Years of Solitude mirror the first ones is very skilfully done , or that there is a lot of depth and reflection on the subject of solitude in what 's actually a novel.But buyer beware - a book is composed of both technique and content , and the content is not up to par . One Hundred Years of Solitude narrates the fictional tale of a family which lives in a small south american village in the midst of nowhere . It 's the fatalistic and depressing story of the south america that has-been , with all the usual low-lifes from corrupt banana-republic officials to self-styled revolutionary `` coronels '' . It 's a tale of two-dimensional , impulse-driven characters with no depth and little to make them memorable or likeable . Most of all , it 's a tale in which hope and happiness and most that is good in human beings is absent , and the few moments in which they seem to appear are illusory . Think of it as a Lord of the Flies but with a less interesting , adult , south american cast - and written with a very clever structure.Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a talented and powerful author . But much of what he writes about is distasteful -LRB- his latest book concerns an elderly man enjoying child prostitution -RRB- , and in the case of this novel both the characterization and ultimate message are downright repelling . I finished reading it against my better judgment . I would only recommend this novel to literary critics and others like them who derive most of their enjoyment from the technique of a book rather than its contents . For a more palatable study of themes like the darkness of the human heart , I suggest reading Joseph Conrad instead .
 I am sorry to say that I gave up on the book . I tried and even read some very intellectually capable folks reviews to see if I was missing something . I came to the conclusion that an individual who rarely reads fiction and who is an engineer by training could probably never `` get '' something like this book . It almost seems that the technique of the writer fascinates many of the readers perhaps more than the substance . The magical realism style is too much for me . I regret I could not finish Nobel prize winning author or not - maybe at some future date I will go back and try again . Sorry --
 I only made it to 195 pages . The book is just boring . A lot of sound and fury signifying very little . There are marriages ; there are deaths ; there are love affairs ; there are suicides ; there are battles ... so a lot does happen . BUT -- I do n't care about the characters . If you do n't care about the characters , then all their quirky faults seem abstract and dull . Like dusty butterflies in a catalog , their various lives are chronicled . It 's a dry description of their adventures and I 'm left with a `` so what ? '' Maybe his dryness passes for sophistication , but this book left me cold .
 Marquez ' book takes the reader through the lives and times of what I hope is an atypical Columbian -LRB- ? -RRB- family , covering from roughly the 1830s to the 1930s . It was fun in parts , but oddly repetitive , with a style that seemed half magic realism , half Freud . And , of course , the standard enervating anti-American diatribes were thrown in . I guess a Latin American author even in magic realism mode ca n't overcome his predilictions .
 I picked up this book to busy myself while waiting for my friend to get her hair done.I wish I did n't , this book was a TORTURE . After the first few pages I was complaining that I was n't getting into it . Since I ca n't start reading a book and leave it un-finished , I pressed on and got to the 100th page or so , errr , I still was n't getting into it . Figuring out a way to remember who is who , was my first accomplishment , figuring out how old people were was n't as successful . I thought this was important because trying to understand the feelings behind the crush of a 13 year old is different than that of a 16 year old . Was Remedios 9 , 12 or 13 when she got married ? This by itself should 've been a big hint for me that I was n't relating to the culture of the author . I imagine the emotional/sexual relationships between the different members of the family was meant to represent something in the way it occurred , evolved and eventually produced the final results , but it is unclear what . No , I did n't think it was offensive or immoral , I simply did n't know what to think of it . Maybe this was the problem.Finishing the rest of the book took more energy than I care to put into reading anything non scientific . The general idea was pretty obvious . The specifics were hard to grasp or relate to . Like other readers suggested , the characters are one dimensional and it was hard to care or like any of them . I kept on anticipating that Colonel Aureliano or Ursula will carry the book to the end . I was convinced of it when it dawned on Ursula that Rebecca was more of a Buendia than Amaranta , and the reason Amaranta behaved the way she did ... that we were going somewhere , but ... the `` whole page '' Marquez dedicated to this moment of `` explosive '' enlightenment reduced the quality of the piece even further and we went right back to more boring events and more Aurelianos and Jose 's being born . Then , I hoped that the Colonel in his old age , when he realizes the reality of his 32 wars , will enlighten us with his `` wisdom '' -LRB- I am still convinced that the Colonel was supposed to represent a more complex object -RRB- . It did n't happen either ... By the time of the town massacre I have lost all hopes of getting getting anything out of the book . Even though I can sense the signals lurking there , they remained ambiguous at best ... The only contentment I had while reading this book was when I found I only have 18 pages to go ... Maybe this book was more interesting in the period it was released before a hundred other books were produced about the same subject .
 I guess people like this book ; I 've been hearing about it for years and thought it was about time I had a look . Starts well , with the introduction of quirky characters and bizarre situations delivered in a charmingly straight tone , somewhat reminiscent of Louis de Bernieres , but , to be honest , it loses it for me in the long middle section . The names are confusing , the characters have sudden and unlikely personality shifts , and none of it is shown - there is very little dialogue - but told . It gets pretty dull , pretty quickly . Having said that , the story picks up again when the number of characters is reduced in the last section , allowing us to see through the clutter , and I must confess I did feel a sense of missing all the Aurelianos and Arcadios , if only because I had become so used to repeating their names . If you 're like me , and wo n't put a book down once you 've started , then I 'd say exercise some will-power and avoid this one - there are far better reads out there , and many more books worthy of the status `` classic '' .
 Despite the widespread acclaim and great reviews for this book -- including the people here on Amazon.com -- I just could n't get into it.The characters -- many of whom share the same or similar names -- were as confusing as the plot , and the narrative seemed disjointed . I never came to care about any of the people -LRB- which is why , to be honest , I gave up about half way through -RRB- . I tried to accept it as a `` fairy tale , '' but there was a lack of charm that left me cold and unmoved.In addition , some of the wording was so awkward that I wondered if it were , perhaps , an error in translation.Whenever I dislike a book that is this popular , I have to accept the fact that the problem may be ME and not the book . Maybe I 'm just not intellectual enough to `` get it . '' Or maybe I was n't patient enough to get to the good parts . Or maybe I 'm just simpistic in my tastes , preferring a straight-forward story told in a more linear fashion , with characters who I can like and care about.Doubtless , I 'm not the only one who falls into those categories and if you do , too , then you might want to pass on this one .
 Ok , let me begin by saying this is my first Amazon review . I had to come on here and read some negative reviews of this book to make sure I was n't totally crazy . After doing so , I feel a bit better , but still feel the need to add this : Yes , it annoyed me that all the characters have the same name , and unlike other reviewers , this was not something I was willing to either overlook , get used to , or appreciate for it 's symbolism , -LRB- i.e. that the individual characters are n't supposed to matter , it 's the family -RRB- . Also , I could n't stand how a paragraph would run an entire page without breaking , and if you skip a line or two , you miss A LOT . For example , in one paragraph , spanning one page , a character may have a child , but the focus of the section is more on the character 's father than the new family member . Or a character may die , and you would entirely miss it . It 's like trying to read someone 's stream of consciousness and decipher a very intricate plot line from it
 I was given this book by a friend so I felt obliged to finish it . I realised early on that I was not going to enjoy it but I still hoped that it might be possible to admire it . About half way through , when the vestiges of a plot petered out , and with the appearance of another generation of individuals with the same name as the last and with equally unfathomable motivations , I resigned myself to the fact that the novel 's greatness was passing me by.In hoping for believable characters in whose fate the reader might summon up some interest I am probably displaying a prejudice about literature . While I concede that there are a few flashes of brilliant imagery , these certainly seem a very poor reward for six weeks of reading time . However this does not altogether explain the hostility I began to feel towards the novel . Underlying the pretentious story telling there is , I suspect , a social theory which I find deeply inimical
 As I opened this book , I thought to myself `` Wow ! This seems like a great story ! '' I found myself growing more depressed and disgusted with every page . Although the style and Marquez ' technique are unquestionably wonderful , the overlaying themes of lust , lack of self-control , and immorality outweighed the good . The goal of nearly very character 's life is the same ; to please him or herself . Very few characters are in the least bit caring of self-sacrificing . The only way I could reconcile myself to reading this disapointing work was the fact that it is a lesson in man 's depravity . I realized that every person , without God 's intervention , is just as bad or worse than Marquez ' perverse characters . The book is not without its high points - I loved the ending , the mystery of the Segundo twins , and Ursula 's strength . There are some passages where the language is incredible . Marquez is a mastery of imagery ! I only wish that there had been more positive images to remember ...
 One hundred years of characters and you wo n't care about one . This novel is overloaded with characters , but I did n't feel much of anything for any of them . It lacks focus , and failed to make me care about anything that happened in the story .
 I bought this book based on a firend 's advice , who claimed that it was the best book he had ever read . Well , the first page was very interesting and captivating , and then I started suffering through the rest . A never ending , boring , slow , and confusing book . It took me almost a year to finish it and I suffred through every page . What is all the fuss ? I did n't find it intelectually challenging , entertaining , or fun to raed . It was just boring and confusing , pure and simple .
 The first paragraph of this book is one of the greatest in literary history . It 's enough to compel the reader to read the next one hundred pages . Unfortunately , the book becomes one of the most overrated in history.Many of the praises given say the book is difficult , confusing , and yet they come to the conclusion it is a great book . Why ? Why not just say that difficult and confusing books are not very good . This is a parable with many characters , magic realism -LRB- a genre that deserves to be ignored , though that 's another discussion . To give Marquez credit , his magical realism is a response to the limits placed upon him by the government he lived under , but it is , nevertheless , a poor literary form and when imitated purely awful -RRB- , and the intertwining of lives , but they just do n't move . The story only makes the reader wonder what the big fuss is all about?Marquez ' book about Miguel Litton , and News of a Kidnapping are much better , but this book just bores and bores .
 I 'll come clean first . I stopped reading after 100 pages . A lot happens in this book , with deaths and spirits and insomnia and marriages , and it 's all fairly easy enough to figure out what 's going on . Yet , nothing happens . So much plot takes place that the characterization suffers . I simply did n't care what happened to the characters , or anyone in the town . If a bomb had levelled Macondo , I would have simply flipped to the next page to see what happened next , not to read on about the characters . If you 're interested in a classic worthy of its praise , where characterization is king , do yourself a favor and pick up Sound and the Fury by William Faulkner . You 'll work to read , but your mind and soul will be enriched . Faulkner 's novels are like movies you watch in slow motion to get every nuance . Marquez , on the other hand , is like a movie you watch in fast forward . You get the plot and action , but when all is said and done , nothing sticks in your mind that is worthy of the space it occupies .
 As mentioned in the prologue , Gabriel Garcia Marquez makes an attempt to grasp the storytelling voice of his grandmother throughout the novel . He also tries to capture the surrealistic elements of these stories as they presented themselves to him when he was a child . Thus we have that familiar element of a tragic fairytale being told , which makes the story convuluted and difficult to read . Perhaps something got lost in translation . Perhaps I 'm just an idiot . But my second attempt at mastering the novel , spurned on by Oprah 's literate voice , failed at about 300 pages in -LRB- it 's a little over 450 pages -RRB- . I was frustarted with the continuing use of the Jose Buendia name and the fact that I had to keep flipping back to the family chart at the beginning to remember who people were . Again , maybe I 'm just an idiot who happens to hold an English degree , but my continuous feeling that this book was more work than pleasure pesisted and I kept asking myself how could people possibly consider this to be his best work . It 's not . I reserve that role for Love In The Time Of Cholera and Chronicles Of A Death Foretold . Both are profound page turners that makes one contemplate , well , everything because he seems to say everything that needs to said in those two novels . However , One Hundred Years of Solitude is just Garbriel Garcia Marquez talking trash .
 This book is long , dull , boring and confusing . It lacks the passion that makes Love in The Time of Cholera so beautiful . It make `` Tess of the D'Urburvilles '' look like a fast-paced romp . I would n't recommend this book to anyone
 The acrid smell of sweat , dung and animals , coupled with the stifling heat , permeates the village of Macondo , where the novel takes place . Incest , murder , and suicide are everyday happenings , especially the first . Marquez pushes a dizzying and horrifying picture of the human condition , which left me feeling as if I had been raped . My options here seem to be either to dismiss Marquez as an extraordinarily skilful madman or to go mad myself . I choose the former . An ugly novel , not the less ugly for the undeniable talent with which it is executed . I do not recommend it .
 I read literary fiction , `` smart '' books , and could deconstruct an eggplant if I needed to . And this book is a chore to read.It is all tell and no show . One long narrative.But that is not what I consider to be the source of the problem . Here 's what is
 I can see this is an unpopular but not unique opinion , but this is one of the very few books I 've stopped reading halfway through . And I have no intention of ever finishing it . Despite the fact that I horde books , I gave this one away.While the prose was beautiful , the story tended toward the dull and was difficult to follow . The fact that there were only a handful of names reused by dozens of characters did not help much . Most of the characters were unlikable and hard to relate to . After awhile I decided I just did n't care anymore.Is this book a masterpiece ? Perhaps it is , but that does n't mean it 's a good read .
 This is considered as the best book by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and the beginning of magic-realism . OK , so what ? I enjoyed the book until I reached page 200 purely because the story was in the making . Characters were introduced and built . But once all that had happened , it was story of how more characters are born and how they arrive at their ultimate fate , that of SOLITUDE . It simply could not hold my attention . And I am sure most people will agree with me . It is a chronicle of Buendia family , written in a style that is not my cup of tea . Mind you , I can read slow , heavy and depressing books but books that make sense . And thats where magic-realism comes into play . I expected the book will at least make me think which it did but only in the sense of figuring out who is who -LRB- names are repeated and I had to consult with the family tree provided at the beginning of the book once every 5 min or so -RRB- . So if you dont like heavy books , dont even touch it . If you dont like slow read , dont even touch it . If you read for fun , dont even touch it . Touch it only if you are interested in a so called masterpiece by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and have the appetite for magic-realism -LRB- meaning the book does not have to make sense -RRB- which I know now that I dont have .
 ... . While _ One Hundred Years of Solitude _ is n't garbage , it does n't deserve all the hoopla it has received.I found all the outrageously unrealistic happenings and crazy activities of the characters very amusing -LRB- the reason I gave it the second star -RRB- . Unfortunately this tactic got stale less than half-way through the book . The major downside to this writing style is that the characters lack credibility so it becomes difficult to see them as real people or sympathize.It boils down to your typical post-modern piece of `` literature ''
 I had high hopes for this book , since it 's touted as a showcase of my favorite style of writing , magical realism . At its best , magical realism draws intangible ideas into the physical world in a way not easily done by everyday things . This book does not do that.Reading GGM 's comments about the book , one can see how shallow his basis for the narrative really is . He wants to tell stories like his grandparents did , with no clear separation between fantasy and reality . Fair enough . Noble goal , though not Nobel-worthy . Unfortunately , telling-fantasy-like-it 's - real does not magical realism make . The book comes off as a southern hemisphere Faulkner clone with a few supernatural events tossed in for stylistic effect.There 's no getting around the fact that the same stuff happens over and over again , without interesting variation , throughout this leviathan of a book . Yes , GGM , we understand that time is a circle and that the family 's doomed to repeat the same patterns in slightly different ways . This does not merit 422 pages . At page 100 I was hopeful a plot would develop ; by page 200 it was clear that it would not.Major structural and premise flaws aside , though , GGM 's just not a good stylist . I 'm sure he 's more elegant in the Spanish , but there 's no redeeming `` the fragrant and wormy guava grove of love that was dragging her to her death '' in any language.This book would be an excellent fit for checkout lanes in grocery stores where very smart people shop , or for those who want to say they 've read it . For those looking for quality books in the magical realist tradition , though , Borges ' Collected Fictions , Calvino 's If On A Winter 's Night A Traveler or even Eco 's Island Of The Day Before will offer far more rewarding reading .
 This highly overrated book indicates the havoc that overweight talk show hosts can wreak upon the literary world . Garcia 's most juvenile and frustrating book is now being yammered about by book clubs the world over who suddenly think they know about South American authors.The book is overly long and repetitive ; themes are repeated ad nauseum . Characters -LRB- some of whom have the same name -RRB- are one dimensional and unbelievable . By the time you reach the halfway point in the book you are praying for something different to happen . Then Garcia introduces a new character , has him act just like all the others , and die within 3 pages . It 's amazing how quickly he mows down his creations , as if he is as tired of them as I was.In the end there are no surprises , and you feel exhausted from the repetition . Underwhelming , and nowhere near as good as `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' . Give it a miss and try `` Blindness '' instead .
 I bought this book four years ago and finally forced myself to read it from cover to cover . I ca n't believe all the `` 5 star '' reviews people are giving it . This book was one big disappointment and has been exiled to the bottom shelf in my collection . The characters are meaningless , the text is scattered and awkward . Perhaps something was lost in translation , who knows . I 've never been one to give up on a book but I considered it many times with this one .
 This book is pernicious . LIfe is predetermined , plotless , circular and meaningless . Why bother to write a book at all , if in the end , this is the grand message . How sadistic .
 I read constantly and although I 've only read a few books that I feel warrant 5 stars , I am amazed that this best seller IS a best seller . Most of the characters have the same or very similar names . The family tree at the beginning of the book is no help since the men seem to sleep with the same women . If you want to read a latin magic themed book read Blindness . This book is difficult to get through , but has an absolutely amazing premise and once I got used to the narrative style , I could n't put it down .
 I 've heard almost everwhere about people saying this was the greatest book they have ever read , I often do n't think much of peoples comments with statements like that and put them in a category under recommended reading . After reading this book however ; I started a new category called `` avoid at all costs . '' The book has high hopes comparing itself to the creation story and the first 5 books of the Bible , I do n't beleive critics should even repeat this comparison because it is so off kilter . The story tells the plight of a south american family and its countless generations struggle with society and establishing norms . However , the book drags into a boring and overwritten lull , each page made me cry because I am in no ways a fast reader and it moved me to tears to realize that I had lost about 18 hours of my life over the course of three months , and you need that many breaks when you pick up a book like this . If there was anything good to come out of this was the realization that a number of books tell the same story a lot better for instance John Steinbeck 's `` The Pearl '' and his other master work `` The Grapes of Wrath . '' You treasure every page in those books .
 I can count on one hand the number of books in my life that I have been unable to finish . I am oftimes mocked for my reading , the rate at which I devour books being astronomical , but I could not drag my weary brain kicking and screaming through more than a few dozen pages of this book.I love a good fantasy novel , or anything that gives you a sense of the magical , but I could not find anything interesting in the random and inexplicable bizarre occurrences in this book . Mix that with the dry , long winded prose and I find myself doing something I have NEVER done ; sitting with a book in my hands , looking around the room for something else to do .
 Was this story lost in translation ? I almost gave up on this book half a dozen times , but kept on reading thinking it could only get better . Boy was I wrong!The dozens of characters blur together in an entanglement of crooked , incestuous limbs on a family tree . Even the family chart -LRB- yes , a chart -RRB- provided at the beginning of the book was n't enough to keep the members of the Buendia family straight . Look elsewhere !
 This novel was painful for me to finish . I 'm sad that I devoted so many hours of my life to reading this book ... hours I will never get back.It is a `` preferred book '' for my son 's 10th grade AP Language class ... I read it and told him to stay far , far away from it . I found it BEYOND tedious.What 's wrong with me ? Why does everyone love this novel and I found it so annoying?Sign me ~ BEWILDERED
 found this a very weird book , just could n't get going with it . . maybe it was the translation . . I might try again soon
 I expected much more from this book . It started out interesting enough but , seemed to drag on and on . In the end it was depressing and a little confusing . I like a fiction book to be entertaining and thought provoking ; with a point , I did not at all enjoy this book .
 I am a very committed reader . I realize the ` payoff ' on books sometimes does n't happen until the very end . I 'm not a modern bestseller reader or ' a great beach book ' reader . In my lifetime , I may have intentionally stopped reading abut three books that I could not bear to finish . This is such a book . I got to abut page 189 and realized what an awful experience this book was to read . The style is kind of like the driest , dullest high school history book . I echo what some of the other 1 star reviewers have stated . There'e a point where the military is formed . After that , most of the characters and either Generals or colonels , predominately named Jose who get shot and killed . There is not an ounce of felling or tone to the prose . No character has any depth , no epiphany 's of universal awareness , no compelling relationships or moving romances ... nothing . Things just happen to them -LRB- dull things -RRB- . I admire those who slogged on with it . Good luck if you can .
 CUZ THIS BOOK IS A `` SNOOZE FEST ! `` ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE IS RIGHT CUZ THAT 'S HOW MUCH TIME YOU 'LL NEED IF YOU EVER WAN NA FINISH THIS!I HIGHLY DOUBT OPRAH MADE IT PAST CHAPTER ONE.ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
 There appears to be a good many who support this book , but none that actually ilustrates explicitly its hidden gem or genius , if there is indeed any . personally i do n't see why it 's so fantastic . the suspension of fixed parameters and a `` realistic '' framework in general seems to be an easy way to avoid the more prosaic elements and ensuing entanglements in life , and may also be construed as a rather cheap method to beguile readers into a seeming style and artistry .
 Whenever one looks into Colombian literature , Marquez is always mentioned as being the best writer in the country . Needless to say , I can enjoy symbolism , but the amount in this book will confuse even the most advanced readers.After finishing this book and being confused at it 's ending , I had to look up what the point of the book was . Only then did I find out that this story represents Colombia 's history . That will already leave a large number of readers asking what is going on , including Colombians since I 'm one myself who has read extensively on the country 's history.For example , the house represents Colombia 's political stance . No one is going to comprehend this because Marquez just leaves the reader guessing as to what each thing represents . Even the red ants symbolize something although I 've yet to figure it out.Marquez wrote a decent novel in which only he can understand . I can just as easily make up a story symbolizing anything in my mind , but if others do n't comprehend it , than what is the point ? The book is overated by people who mistake complexity for being excellent writing . Just because no one can understand what you say , do n't necessarily mean that what you be saying is deep.Magical realism was also abused in this book and Marquez just seems to use it at the end of the novel to finish it off quickly but with many questions unanswered .
 To write a negative review of a book widely regarded as a classic is a somewhat intimidating task . But let me try.A statement of personal taste first . The label of `` magic realism '' is , to me , a positive lure , and is one of the reasons that I picked up this book . I have a great love of other writers , like Borges , who blur the lines of realism and fantasy and fable and metaphor . My favorite contemporary writer of all , Steven Millhauser , I would consider to be a `` magic realist '' even though I have not heard others use the term.On an intellectual level , Garcia Marquez 's book has an obvious cohesion . It appears to mimic the great religious texts of old , such as the Book of Genesis . The town of Macondo , as the world in Genesis , is provided with a founding myth . Various fantastical things take place , the realistic superficial world uneasily overlays a magic-based otherworld ; boys are born with pigtails , others are born with unnatural large genitalia , gypsies roll into town bearing every manner of magical device.And , as in Genesis , events pile upon events ; just as in Genesis the reader is subjected to a never-ending series of `` begats , '' in Marquez 's book , one is treated to an indistinguishable and never-ending list of people named Aureliano -LRB- and several other similarly overused names . -RRB- This is intentional , to confuse the reader , to cause them to wonder which Aureliano is doing what , and to contemplate how this world is often stuck in repeating the same comedies and tragedies over and over.Some things are uniquely Latin American in the tale ; you can see in the book a certain fatalistic attitude towards the region 's political troubles , the suggestion that there is little higher meaning in them , rather a culture that is doomed to repeat the same old stories until that world eventually dissolves.But here 's the problem
 Just recently , I decided to give this book a second chance . Like other reviewers here , I hardly ever give up on a book . But about 30 pages into the SECOND attempt , I am feeling exhausted . All of the bright and shiny books on my bookshelves have never looked so good at this point . So I came here , read the reviews and feel better . I think I can put this book away and be at peace with not appreciating it . I will say , some of the words Marquez uses - his descriptions , seem to have been created especially for the world that exists within this book . But is the trip worth it ? I have decided that it is not . Thank you all for helping me be at peace with NOT completing this novel .
 This was my first encounter with the magical realism style and I love it ! The Buendia family is quite possibly the most intriguing I have encountered in any book . A must read .
 So if the Nobel Prize is for the author 's body of work then again it does not say much about his work because his most famous work -LRB- 100 years of solitude -RRB- is CRAP -LRB- that 's in capital letters -RRB- . If this is his best work and most famous work and it is a labor to read then his other works must be capital punishment !!! Much like the best book of the century by James Joyce - Ulysses.Again another book to be placed in Solitary Confinement !!!
 Starts off good , but after about 200 pages , it gets pretty stupid . Lots of repetition , and very trite . Totally unbelievable too ; some of the stuff that happened in this book would NEVER happen in real life , such as a girl floating up into the sky , or people living into their 120s . Ant the book did n't even have any pictures !!! OMG !!! Check out the General and his Labrynth if you want to read something good by Garcia Marquez -LRB- or `` Call of the Wild '' by Jack London , perhaps the best book ever -RRB- .
 This is one of the hardest to read most pointless books I have ever had the misfortune of trying to read .
 I simply could not finish reading this book . The characters ' lives and their family lines twist in and out of each other until the tangled mess is too difficult to decipher . The magical , surreal quality of some of the stories felt `` cheesy '' and not very convincing . I do not understand what the big fuss is about this book . I quit after about 100 pages .
 I even finished Brothers Karamazov and Bleak House , but this one I quit . I felt like I was wasting my time trying to remember the characters and their relations and what in the world is occuring in this make believe town of Macondo . Marquez may be a skilled writer and storyteller , but this book confused , bored and frustrated me without offering entertainment or insight.So what if Oprah picked it and if it has been labled a classic ... it is not enjoyable or remarkable to me . I think I made it to about page 150 or so.With so many books to read , why waste time trying to decipher this one ?
 I think that Mr. Marquez is a far superior story teller than he is a writer . It is too bad you ca n't sit around a fire listening to his stories instead . This book basically has no overall plot , but many smaller plots for each little story within it . I thought the sheer number of characters who names were similar -LRB- if not the same -RRB- was very annoying . I had a hard time connecting with any of the characters due to the weaving in and out of other characters . I know that there was a family tree in the beginning , but I just got tired of flipping back to the point that I just did not care.To the average reader , without a discussion group or a literary expert , many of the `` hidden gems '' will be missed if there are any . On the whole , I just could n't shake the vibe that I was reading an extended version of the Old Man and the Sea.It was interesting from the point of reading a Mexican writer .
 Disturbing ! This is the only single word that I can use to describe this book.Although definatley unique it the composition style , the book is dark and depressing . The theme of incest and child porn appeared to be the primary focus in the book instead of creationalism as eluded to in other reviews.It had an interesting ending but not worthy of the time spent leading up to it .
 Reportedly the author himself did not understand the success of this book . He said , `` Most critics do n't understand a novel like One Hundred Years of Solitude is a bit of joke . -- they take on the responsibility of decoding the book and risk making terrible fools of themselves . '' I 'm glad to know that at least the author was n't fooled by his mediocre work.Throughout the book there is no uplifting or cathartic passage ; the supposedly comical elements do n't make you laugh ; the tragic episodes do n't make you cry ; the style is unpolished ; `` magical realism '' is used indiscriminately ; and so are the words `` solitude '' and `` solitary '' which appear in every few pages . In the book practically everyone and everything is solitary . It 's a red-tag sale of Solitudes . Yet , their solitude is merely circumstantial . It is not the type of haunting or ennobling solitude you find in Kafka 's or Camus ' work . Even in `` Hijo de hombre '' -LRB- Buenos Aires , 1961 -RRB- by the contemporary Paraguayan author Augusto Roa Bastos , different characters from an impoverished village carry their true cross of solitude silently and bravely without even being aware of it.The book is worth reading only for the purpose of pondering why it has gained such popularity and acclaim .
 I would equate my experience reading 100 Years of Solitude to watching the movie Groundhog Day 5 times consecutively.I mildly enjoyed the first 150 pages or so , though in my opinion it still is not spectacular writing , but merely competent . But still , if this book was only 200 pages , I would look on it favorably . Unfortunately ... . it 's twice that long . The foundation of the book is incessant reincarnations of the same family members over and over and over again . Brevity and succinctness is obviously not Marquez 's strong suit . This , along with a very fable-like style makes the book strangely feel more antiquated than Beowulf -LRB- but not nearly as interesting -RRB- . I will admit that it is initially captivating , but unfortunately this is accomplished the same way soap operas and Lifetime movies do
 I 'm one of those obsessives who forces himself to finish any book he starts so I plugged away hoping I 'd experience the enlightenment all these other reviewers seem to have found ... but I just did n't get it . Maybe it lost something in the translation , but I prefer a little dialog in my fiction ... even in my heavy , pretentious intellectual and politically correct fiction . I do n't mind the magic realism , but I do get bored with sentences that run on for two-plus pages without a period . Oh , well , chalk up the dissent to a libertarian crumudgeon redneck who 's educated beyond his intelligence . But I was underwhelmed .
 I 've heard almost everwhere about people saying this was the greatest book they have ever read , I often do n't think much of peoples comments with statements like that and put them in a category under recommended reading . After reading this book however ; I started a new category called `` avoid at all costs . '' The book has high hopes comparing itself to the creation story and the first 5 books of the Bible , I do n't beleive critics should even repeat this comparison because it is so off kilter . The story tells the plight of a south american family and its countless generations struggle with society and establishing norms . However , the book drags into a boring and overwritten lull , each page made me cry because I am in no ways a fast reader and it moved me to tears to realize that I had lost about 18 hours of my life over the course of three months , and you need that many breaks when you pick up a book like this . If there was anything good to come out of this was the realization that a number of books tell the same story a lot better for instance John Steinbeck 's `` The Pearl '' and his other master work `` The Grapes of Wrath . '' You treasure every page in those books .
 It takes a long time to learn about over fifty characters and this novel 's meandering prose and run-on sentences do n't make it any quicker . This is gritty , offbeat stuff for the serious Garcia-Marquez enthusiast . The reward readers must feel at the end is that they 've endured a tedious , difficult novel , but not an enjoyable one .
 I recognize that lots of people think this book is wonderful . However , as an extremely well-read English major , I think Marquez must be laughing . Without repeating the comments of the other one-star reviewers , I 'll just say that I was more than underwhelmed . It 's nonsenical , and -LRB- am I the only one who noticed ? -RRB- misogynistic .
 After reading the reviews for this book , I was excited to read it . I am a huge fan of magical realism , but this novel ... I just do n't get it . I have about 100 pages left , and this may be one of the first books I do not finish reading . It just seems to go on and on and on ... with nothing exciting or engaging . I feel like I am missing something about this book after reading the overwhelming majority of GREAT and moving reviews , but it just is n't my cup of tea .
 I agree with the other reviewers that say this book is tedious and much overrated . I read quite a bit , and I usually enjoy everything I read . However , I just can not get in to this book . Yes , it is rambling , confusing , and all those other adjectives someone else used . But I do n't want rambling and confusing . I do n't want to be spoon fed , but it would be nice if there were an identifiable path for the book . I wonder how much is lost in the English translation , and if it would be a much better read in its native language.I am a few hundred pages into the book . I 'll keep reading -- and keep hoping that it improves .
 I read a ton of books , and have no problem with long or `` difficult '' reads . But it was just plain excrutiating to read this book ! I got about halfway through and , after speaking with others who finished it and was told nothing really ever happens , I gave up . It 's the same boring stuff over and over again . The characters ' names are all so similar it 's impossible to keep track of who 's who , but who cares , because the author does n't give you reason to care about any of them anyway ! It 's business as usual for a long time with regards to realism , then out of nowhere . . a flying carpet . -LRB- I 'm sure at that point in the book , I resembled my dog tilting his head to one side over something perplexing and unexplainable . -RRB- There are sooo many captivating and enriching books out there . . I do n't recommend wasting your time on this one .
 My wife loved this book . I belong to a book club at work and they chose this book . I finished it . It was painful . Other members in the club also agreed -- It was extremely tedious , repetitiously annoying and not funny .
 Boring , boring , boring . After 120 pages , I gave up . What is the point ? I guess I do n't get it . What was this guy smoking ? How many characters need the same name ? How many absurd tortures do we need to read about ? The fantasy appears to be thrown in just for the sake of making incidences wild and imaginary and do not seem to be relative to the story or themes . Maybe something was lost in the translation , but if this is the next best thing to Genesis , we 're all in trouble . Read The Red Tent -- it comes a lot closer to that billing.Sorry , but I have other books to read , and many yawns before I sleep .
 Some interesting parts to this novel , but it drags on much too long and does not translate into a good American read . Sorry , Oprah!Paragraphs can last for pages and everyone has the same names -- Aureliano , Ursula , Segundo , Aradio , and Remedios . Heck , one Aureliano had 17 sons who were ALL named Aureliano . so , often times the reader can not tell who Marquez is referencing without looking at the family tree graphic in the front of the book.Maybe I am not a deep thinker , but I found this book to be ponderous . And the story lines that are somewhat interesting are never are made clear as to their importance to the overall tale .
 I forced myself through this because someone told me it would be good . Every day I read this I expected to be blown away . Alas , I was disappointed . After several hundred pages of unoriginal dribble and disgusting incest , I finally came up for air . About every three lines in this book I felt like having an aneurism . The `` magical realism '' crap that everyone rants lovingly about in this book is a load of garbage . No , it 's not creative . It 's boring and annoying . The author randomly throws supernatural phenomena into the story at random points and does n't have enough originality or creativity to explain it or make it interesting ; he just moves on . No , sorry , I wo n't explain why this person is psychic . Oops , this person just snapped . Sorry . Hey , whaddya know ! It 's raining flowers . Oh why not I 'll throw in some ghosts ... maybe some magical gypsies ... and we 've got an inane bore-fest . Useless .
 I read it halfway hoping that a plot line would develop , it never did . Too much incest and I hated how everyone had the same name . I love thought provoking books that you have to work at but this is just plain silly . This book is for the phony intellectuals who want to say they read it and feel cultured . This book is just awful , there are way too many good books to waste your time on this one .
 The story is about a family of inbreds told over a few generations . Most of the characters in the story have the same name , who suddenly die and get replaced with another character with the same name . It becomes confusing after a while to track who is who , who is dead or alive or who is the parent of who . I stopped reading about half way because I was lost and confused . The book is not a light or fun read , it requires great concentration and mental effort .
 I checked this book out of the library after reading rave review after rave review.I wanted to like it , I really did , but I honestly can not understand all the high marks . To me the book reads as if it were written by a 6th-grader . Characterization and storyline aside , the language itself is what turned me off . It seemed stilted , contrived , lacking in fluidity , and devoid of any real color ; an amateurish effort at best.Perhaps this reads better in its native tongue , but the translation I read was atrocious . I promptly returned it to the library , shooting it soundly down the return bin with a force that it so richly deserved .
 This book has one of the finest desriptions and analysis of literature one can find in any author on its highly desciptive work of the Buendia family and , so called , Mocondo ... but really , the nobel prize for literature for 400 + pages of such bore and repetitiveness . I have also read some of the reviews on this page and must conclude that either readers have terribly boring lives , that this kind of literature can be so compelling with the surreal and completely over exaggerated descriptive material . Nobel Prize . . huh . . make a good soap opera .
 I came back to read the Amazon reviews because , after reading half of this book , I 've begun to wonder when/if it 's going to get good . I hate to put down a book I 've started - even if it bores me - so I wanted to be reminded of how great this one is supposed to be . Now I know I 'm not alone in my confusion . This book came very highly recommended , but I 've just been waiting and waiting to enjoy it . I think I 've gone far enough and I can return it to the library . I 'm really glad I did n't buy it .
 very bad paper quality . some of them torn on side . papers had different size !!! so some were popping out of book !!! not happy with my purchase .
 I am an avid reader , and I do n't mind a challenging read . I started reading this book at the suggestion of some colleagues , and a woman in my book club . I know it is considered a `` modern classic '' , won the Nobel Prize , etc. - but I could n't even pretend to like this book . To the author 's credit , his imagery and descriptions are beautiful . I admired the magical world that was evoked by the style of storytelling . But the plot was next to nonexistent , and after about 100 pages , I really felt like I was on a road to nowhere . The story went off on tangent after tangent with no real , identifiable purpose . Reading this book gave me the feeling of being locked in a room with a very creative , yet nonsensical crazy person that wo n't shut up . After a while , it gets old .
 I picked up this book to read it because several of my friends were reading in from the Oprah book club . It is a complex novel with many characters and a very mystical feel to it . The writing has a stream-of-consciousness style to it which makes you feel like you are listening to someone tell you a story with lots of side remarks . My issue with this novel was not the mystical feel or the writing style , though they do take some getting used to . My problem was that the whole thing just seemed to be about war and sex , and although both things have their place in life and literature , they were n't things that I wanted to read an enormous novel about . Also , this book is really quite tragic and I just prefer to read things with a more positive spin . I can see how this novel would appeal to some people because it is so complex and meaty ... there is a lot to the stories in this book ! It just was n't for me .
 I am not going to go easy in my criticism but frankness is the best option . I was forced to read this , literally , because it was for a required class , during summer break . Well , I thought that since the book was in a tropical setting , I might as enjoy myself . Well , did I get a cool breeze indeed ! First of all , like all great families , this family described in particular like to name their children alike generation after generation . That 's not the worst part
 I enjoyed it mostly although it was hard going . I 'm not sure what it was about except I think it was partly about how we can live very close to other people and still not understand each other at all . This was a group of people leading lives of solitude although they were supposed to be family and community . I grew to like the weirdness like the ghosts , and the bizarre happenings . I think the author was writing as if what goes on in your own head was actually real . The cover said it was enthralling - I did not think so . It also said it was supernatural , magical which it was .
 ... but I just could n't . I 've heard for years about what a master of the craft Gabriel Garcia Marquez is , so I finally gave him a try . I was disappointed , to say the least.To be sure , he has a way with prose , and he does an outstanding job of creating those first sentences that draw the reader in . After the first few pages , I was interested , hooked , and hopeful . I loved his descriptive language , his ability to paint a scene . It left me wishing I had a better grasp of Spanish so that I could appreciate the subtleties and beauty of the original language.But as I progressed through the book , it became pure drudgery . Characters came and went so quickly -LRB- and with names far too similar to each other -RRB- that I was unable to connect with them and care about their lives . I was often confused , flipping back to the family tree to try to figure out who was doing what and how they were related to everyone else . I could not like or identify with a single character.The fantastic elements felt random and sporadic . They were n't magical or mystical ; they were simply odd and distracting.For the last 100 pages or so , I was reading just to finish it so I could move on to something else . I did n't care about how he would end it . -LRB- Incidentally , he seemed to just finish writing without resolving anything -RRB- . And once I finished , I was left with the question
 I 've read other books by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and have enjoyed them . This one left me cold , however . The story was very muddled and Marquez wrote in such a matter-of-fact style that there were no ups and downs . It was like watching a heart monitoring machine . Whether someone was being executed , eating lunch , or anything else , Marquez just stated everything very matter of factly . Also , the names in the book were far too similar for the average reader . I just wonder if the people who give this book great reviews are doing it on its own merit or whether they are afraid to break from the pack . It reminds me of the Emperor 's New Clothes where everyone was afraid to admit that they did n't know the emperor did n't have clothes on for fear of looking stupid . Of course , it could just be me . I look for things that have a real plot or a real end they 're striving for . I did n't find it in this book . I also found the spiritualism hard to believe such as Remedios the Beauty ascending into the heavens . That 's a bit much for even a romantic person .
 As I opened this book , I thought to myself `` Wow ! This seems like a great story ! '' I found myself growing more depressed and disgusted with every page . Although the style and Marquez ' technique are unquestionably wonderful , the overlaying themes of lust , lack of self-control , and immorality outweighed the good . The goal of nearly very character 's life is the same ; to please him or herself . Very few characters are in the least bit caring of self-sacrificing . The only way I could reconcile myself to reading this disapointing work was the fact that it is a lesson in man 's depravity . I realized that every person , without God 's intervention , is just as bad or worse than Marquez ' perverse characters . The book is not without its high points - I loved the ending , the mystery of the Segundo twins , and Ursula 's strength . There are some passages where the language is incredible . Marquez is a mastery of imagery ! I only wish that there had been more positive images to remember ...
 I have to read this book for a Great Books meeting in two weeks , but I do n't think I can finish it . It took me six weeks to get halfway through it because it is so incredibly boring that I have a hard time motivating myself to pick it back up after putting it down.The characters range from unengaging to infuriating , their multitude and the fact that most of them have very similar names is confusing -LRB- especially since the story jumps back and forth in time -RRB- , and their actions are often revolting -LRB- what a bunch of spineless , brainless women , and let 's not even think about the macho men ! -RRB- . I find the book thoroughly unentertaining and pointless . What is the author trying to say ? Is there a message somewhere ? What kind of story is this supposed to be ? Since it contains surreal things like flying carpets and quasi-immortal people , I 'm guessing it 's some sort of fairytale . If it is , all I can say is that the Brothers Grimm wrote better fairytales than this guy !
 This book won the NOBEL Prize ? I just ca n't help it , I need to write another review.This book should be placed in Solitary Confinement for 100 years . This is to save both time and trees used in printing of this book.Do not even dare buy this book even from a 2nd hand bookstore . Believe me , do not waste your money .
 My High school english teacher swore that this was God 's gift to literature . I tend to disagree . I understand what Garcia Marquez is trying to get at with his symbolism , but the reptitious names and slow plot make a good book lag .
 It was a required reading in college in 1990 . It was boring then as it is now . No wonder it was selected as an Oprah Book Selection . Most Oprah 's book are boring but with HYPE.The story does not follow any logic even within the story itself . You will get confuse with the repeated combination of names that are used througout the story . I believe there are only 5 -LRB- Jose , Aurelio , Miguel , etc -RRB- Fiction does not follow logic I know but usually a story -LRB- even a work of fiction -RRB- sets boundaries within the story itself and are bounded by this limit . This story is a waste of paper on which it was written . Marquez is one of those overhyped writers with nothing to show for . I guess this is the result of some literary critic needing to sell some books to get a comission from the publishing house.Sorry if I was mean but I was forced to read it college and felt that it was a waste of time and money .
 What a horrible book ; hard to read ; too many characters ; I never did figure out what the whole thing was about . I ca n't believe this won a Nobel Prize . Definitely a waste of time reading .
 Yawn . 400 some pages of nothing but incest and death . Characters with the same name throughout the book . Non-linear time , too , it 's very hard to follow . How could this `` book '' change your life ? I have come to fear love , it 's like your emotions are being dragged through the mud and everything you hold dear and ethical are just pushed away like its nothing . It was about incest , personally , maybe something was lost in the translation . It was so depressing and disturbing . I could not sleep without lights on after I finished reading it . I would never suggest this book to anybody who has a weak constitution or is easily emotionally disturbed . NOT good reading for a highschool student . Even Faulkner 's The Bear was not about incest -LRB- it was bad too -RRB- .
 Consider the following situation : A really old lady-bawd is trying to stall a policeman that has come to shut down her ` business ' , while her ` girls ' escape through the back window.Her incoherent , unstructured , filth-prone , 400-page long gibberish-babbling whas then written down and served to you in the form of this book . End of story .
 I expected that this book would be wonderful . Many friends urged me to read it and so I did - up to page 168 . I think I just do n't get it . I began to get sea sick from being at times engaged in the story to next wondering what the point of reading it was . War after war , sex after sex , baby after baby ... . it got old and so I gave up . Hooray for all who get the beauty of the story and enjoy it . I wish I had been able . Next ...
 This book would have been easier to read and understand if all the characters had not been named the same or been given similar names . If I did n't have to endure chapter after chapter of people sleeping with each other who should n't be , incest , rape , pillaging , death , destruction , more incest , then maybe this book would have been as great as everyone makes it out to be . I understand the last chapter was supposed to explain everything in the book and it does to a point but it does n't excuse the fact that this is NOT the next best thing to GENESIS ! We reviewed this book in our book club and out of 20 women , only 2 liked the book . I think this book is way over popularized due to Oprah giving it a thumbs up in her book club . Maybe it reads better in Spanish . . maybe more than one chapter in the book was mistranslated -LRB- yes , there are 2 chapters that are mistranslated -RRB- . I 'm not sure . ... Disappointing and a waste of money .
 This book is confusing , it jumps around to much , to many generations in the book . I could not understand this book at all .
 This novel is written in very interesting and compelling prose , but its characters are hardly worth the effort . The charaters are obsessive bores that can only be compared to day time soap opera characters . After reading through half of this novel , I was so numb from the constant tragedy and melodrama , that I simply did not care what happened to the characters anymore . To make matters worse , the plot is extremely complicated and very difficult to follow , with new characters added every chapter.The most amazing thing about this book is its popularity and that it helped its author win the nobel prize .
 I was expecting a consistent story or at least an engaging narrative that takes fantastical twists . Instead , so many characters are introduced -LRB- many have the same name -RRB- making it very difficult to care about any of them . Also , the struggles between the rebels and whoever it is they are fighting -LRB- and why , come to think of it -RRB- are vague and uninteresting . I ca n't imagine what about this book is so transfixing to so many people . Count me out , I guess .
 I absolutely detested and despised this book . Some masochistic bent made me finish it , like some sort of martyr . I read well over one hundred books a year , so it 's not like I 'm some dodo right out of the beanfield who 's never read a book before and ca n't judge its merits . There are certainly many instances when , even though a book may not be to my taste , I can see its artistic merits , and why people would like it . Not so in this case -- I can find no redeeming value to this drivel.I found this book to be pseudo-intellectual psycho-babble . The style really annoyed me . If it was supposed to be `` magical realism '' , then why were the magical parts thrown in like after-thoughts every 50 pages or so ? For the most part , I forgot about the `` magical '' part until another reference came again from out the blue , with absolutely no connection to anything else , at least in my opinion.Worst of all , many of the characters have similar-sounding names . I tried keeping them straight , then realized that was a waste of time since I did n't give a damn about any one of them , no matter what they were called . First rule of writing
 I read this for a college course . If this is the best the world had to offer at the time -LRB- Pulitzer Prize winner -RRB- , then I fear for this nation . It was confusing at the beginning -LRB- conflicting ideas presented - it speaks as if it were the beginning of the world , but the characters find ancient items -RRB- . And the story line is jumbled.Personally , I found no enjoyment in the reading of it . The symbolizism that we were supposed to find was buried so deeply that I had to research it on the internet . I finally found a few things written on the symbolism , had to re-read most of the book to find it , and consummed quite a bit of headache medicine to get through it.It was far too long for what it had to say ... which was n't much . Never have I burned a book in my life . I took special joy in planning an overnight camping trip for the sole purpose of watching it burn .
 Pretty easy to read , but a load of tosh , drivel , whatever you call it . I see the comparisons with Rushdie here . If you 're into this sort of writing then fine . Read Rabelais instead , at least you get a bit of a chuckle .
 100 Years of Solitude is a dense , confusing novel that is seemingly endless . Most of the characters have the same name - either Jose Arcadio or Aureliano for the boys and Amaranta or Remedios for the girls . The chapters are long and have large amounts of action . Most of the chapters are very similar
 Is the first thing that came to my mind when I saw the raving reviews here . And to prove it see the review by Ann Pate `` Annie Pate '' . Kind of remind me of Yoko Ono selling John Lennon underwear , all you get is the name and dirty laundry . I will bet my bottom dollar that most people only read this because it was on Oprah 's reading list .
 Though this story was written in a unique voice , it is not the great classic that everyone claims it is . It often wandered and was full of characters who 's personality and dialogue -LRB- not to mention names -RRB- were all so similar that you could hardly tell them apart.Let 's be honest , it 's only trendy to read this right now because it was featured on Oprah 's Book Club . Do n't believe the hype .
 I do n't understand why Gabriel Garcia Marquez will get such great reviews on 100 years of solitude , I thought it was one of the worst piece of Magical Realism that I have ever read.Don ' t waste your time or money on this terrible piece of literature , Sincerely , it is a pointless , mediocre and most definitely not Nobel Prize material .
 This is what I think my problem is ... I did n't like the translation of the book . If the novel was written in Spanish and then translated into English , I would sit there and say to myself that I loved the descriptive , but not the flow of the sentence . I am compelled to give this novel another try based on these reviews . It has been a few years and I feel it is well deserving .
 After a couple of chapters into the book I went online to check why so many people felt that this was one great work of literature . The words I found repeatedly were magical and enchanting ... When a grown man has the desire to take a nine year old girl to be his `` wife '' and gets her pregnant , than I do n't feel enchanted but repulsed . Fiction or not . Actually to make that up , speaks for it self as far as I am concerned . And Oprah of all people to recommend that in her book club . I clearly missed the point about a lot of things and that male characters shared names did not make it any easier . My husband read it as well and we felt the same about most passages . I was glad when I finally finished it , as I really wanted to know the whole story before making up my mind .
 I tried really to follow the story ... the names are all the same , I kept constantly referring to the family tree to figure out who was who ... it 's more science fiction than believable ... insominia disease of the entire village ?! , Just too difficult for me to enjoy . I hated it and only got as far as 158 pages before I gave up .
 I was surprised that Oprah picked this book . Perhaps she chose it to challenge her readers , but it is definitely not the spiritually uplifting material that I would associate with Oprah . The book is memorable to me because of its difference in style and because it is depressing . After this one , Oprah 's readers will be yearning for something much more `` light '' in both style and heart .
 well I have , and this book has got to be one of the stupidest things I have ever tried to write about . It is basically about nothing , and I had to write about that for a school paper ! you would hate it too if you had to write about it for a flippin ' school paper ! Really , need I say more ? I bet the people who loved it never had to write an essay about Amaranta 's repeated refusal of love , and in about a week ! Just ask everyone who 's a junior at my school ! It is a torture manual ! Far too beastly a book to be dealt with , even for most english majors and teachers!I give it two stars because it has more substance than the stuff Allende and Amado put out .
 I wish I could have given this book `` no stars : '' it 's a book that deserves every star that man , god or science has created , and nothing we can put here on the internet -LRB- or in any review in any medium -RRB- would do it the eternal justice it deserves . A dream of a book
 I have not yet read this book but am looking forward to doing so as I have heard from friends that it is wonderful story . However I am super dissappointed at the poor quality of this item . The paper is obviously re cycled and has been cut extemely unevenly . I understand the need to recycle but was not advised prior to purchase that this is the policy of Amazon . . Consequently as this is the 2nd book I have bought in this condition I will not be purchasing any further from you at any time . I have sourced another good priced on-line book seller . Thank you .
 so mr marquez is supposed to have invented this whole new genre of writing with this book and other annoying ones like In Evil Hour . But no one seems to stop and say that the events of the story are ridiculous and embarrasing . who wants to read about an old lady who makes candy for her family for generations ? no one . and the romance portrayed is nothing short of farcical . it 's a wonder he 's a star in the literary universe .
 doprah picks a book that should be ousted from the canon . -LRB- shot from it ? -RRB- there 's no melody , as it were , in this text . -LRB- yes , it 's more of a text -- hence , chore -- than a book -RRB- . magic realism = jiggery-pokery . you do n't care about the characters as it 's incredibly difficult to visualize them -- and then you find that scads of them have the same name . ontology recapitulates ... nonsense . you want something fantastical , go to Angela Carter . this guy spawned Salman Rushdie 's awful indulgent junk , man . -LRB- although i remember `` love in the time of cholera '' being an all right read . double-yucky !
 The book jumps all over the place , and the point is ? Magical ? I suppose so . Depressing ? Oh yeah . Why does Oprah pick one depressing book after another ?
 this book was trash to my mind , why fill your mind with junk ? What good knowledge are you getting from this book , knowledge that is valuable to the mind and soul ? NONE ! It does not leave you with a good feeling !
 I thought it would never end . I ca n't believe I read the whole thing !
 This was my second try after 30 years to read this book . First time I abandoned after some 20-25 pages , this time I got as far as page 150 . And I got this far because I thought that maybe I 'm missing something , it ca n't be that so many people praise this book and I am the only one who does n't like it . But after 150 pages and three generations of Aureliano and Accadio , in which almost anything happens , in which you hear love stories and war stories and fantastic stories and so on , suddenly I did n't feel curious what 's next.First time I abandoned this book because the magic realism was n't my cup of tea at that time . This time I quit because the book was n't catching me , did n't make me feel any emotions about the characters , did n't make me curious about their fate.Someone said about this book that you either love it or hate it , well , to be honest , it left me indifferent.In another 30 years I 'll give it another try and I will let you know if my perspective changed ...
 If you 're immortal and have time to waste on junk , then go ahead and read this book . I 'm not immortal and I just wasted too many of my limited hours on this Earth on this steaming pile of dung.A friend of mine gushed over this book and lent it to me to read , insisting it was one of the best books she 's ever read . It was for her only that I trudged through this thing . I 'm glad I did not pay for it.The Emperor 's New Clothes indeed . There is absolutely no redeeming value to this thing whatsoever ; and before I 'm accused of being a racist , dejame decirte que yo soy Hispano , nacido en Puerto Plata de la Republica Dominicana . I 'm also an avid reader and this book was not dificult for me to read . I could even follow along with the various Buendias with same names , until I just did n't care anymore.It started out ok , when I thought it was going to be a normal story . Even the magical elements added to it did not disturb me . The gypsies with their fabulous inventions . I actually found them charming.Then the war started and along with it came all the insanity . The Incest , the Pedophilia , the Bestiality , the brothers who shared a woman , the little girl forced to have sex with sixty men a night for profit , the characters with no humanity , no brains and no common sense ... and I 'm talking about the major characters of the story . Halfway through the book I no longer cared about anyone in the story and I desperately wanted one woman in particular to die so I would n't have to read about her anymore.If I sound angry it 's because I am . Genesis ?!? Are you kidding me ?!? This was precious hours of my life wasted on putrid drivel intended for no useful purpose whatsoever . It does n't educate . It does n't enlighten . It does n't excite . It does n't sadden . It does n't give joy . It just makes you wonder when it 's all going to end so you can get on with your life . I 'm angry at the fools who have elevated this pile of trash to high status and foisted it upon the unsuspecting masses as `` literature . `` If you enjoy a story with a moral or a purpose then stay away from this incredibly inane and insipid `` work . `` If , however , you have time to burn and are a masochist then go for it.Flaming comments will not be answered so store it . I 've had my say .
 I ca n't understand the buzz about this book . I 've tried to finish it twice and failed each time due to boredom.Perhaps it is better in Spanish . Is that why people love it ? Personally , I ca n't understand why this is considered a classic .
 Marquez ' book takes the reader through the lives and times of what * may * be an atypical Colombian -LRB- ? -RRB- family , covering from roughly the 1830s to the 1930s . It was fun in parts , but oddly repetitive , with a style that seemed half magic realism , half Freud . And , of course , the standard enervating anti-American diatribes were thrown in . I guess a Latin American author even in magic realism mode ca n't overcome his predilections.And speaking of predilections , Marquez , along with some other of intellectualdom 's best and brightest , recently decided to weigh in on the Klinton-Lewinsky scandal -LRB- New York Times , Sep 26 , 1998 -RRB- . I think this is entirely appropriate . When it comes to judging contemporary sexual mores , who better than Marquez to judge our beloved Bill ?
 What a waste of money !!!! I was sooo exited about receiving this book , and especially because the reviews were so good . But a complete dissapointment . Hardly any pictures . Each hotel has a page or two briefly describing it , with artsy pictures which i hate , cause you only see a close of a stupid door handle , or a side of a table . IT MAKES ME INSANE WHEN PICTURES ARE LIKE THAT . PUT THE WHOLE PICTURE IN FOR HEAVENS SAKE ! So if you think this book will show you complete pictures of hotel rooms , and lobbys your mistaken . Dont bother !
 i think the person who wrote the review from united arab emirates has nothing better to do than to criticize people get a job for heavens sake jesus christ superstar anichak bidoon tufaal
 I bought this book as a naive , newly-diagnosed Type 2 Diabetic last December . My experience with it has been significantly negative . The basic dietary premise that a diabetic should consume 50-60 percent of their daily diet from carbohydrates , just does n't pass a sanity test . The very idea that I 'm supposed to control my blood glucose by eating mostly foods that seriously elevate blood glucose is not eating away diabetes ; it is eating your way into higher blood glucose . I had to abandon this eating plan early on , and have found a better solution.Look carefully at the glowing reviews ; many were written by other `` professionals . ''
 the book was easy reading with some interesting facts.But ... the recipes were not very palatable . I gave the muffins I baked to the birds because they tasted like bird food and the rest of the dishes I tried to feed to the dog.I do not recommend this book.There are more out there with more information about diabetes and better recipes .
 While the title to this book sounds noble , as a type 2 diabetic who has super tight control -LRB- HBA1c of 4.5 % or a BG level of 70 - 90 mg/dl 24 hours a day including before , during and 30 minutes after eating -RRB- , the receipes in the book are overloaded with carbohydrates with some carbs as high as 50 - 60 + grams per meal not including snacks . There is no amount of insulin or oral medication that can help your body cope with this level of carbs and maintain normal BG level of 70 - 90 mg/dl instead you will have BG levels between 115 - 250 mg/dl or higher or have to cover with a huge amount of insulin either from your overworked pancreas or inject a massive dose - not a wise idea . If you seriously want to achieve normal -LRB- 70 - 90 ml/dl -RRB- blood glucose levels - save your money and instead purchaseDr . Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution
 I was very disappointed to find the footnotes missing from this edition . If there 's a way to get to them , I could n't find it & Pratchett 's footnotes are a significant part of the humor . So buy the print version of the Discworld books - and do buy them . Prachett is always entertaining !
 Harper Collins is about to join Penguin books in the Kindle boycott.I 'm was set to put my enter Pratches library on Kindle but wo n't when I can buy a new mass market paper back at 20 % less , right here on Amazon , from an `` alternate '' seller .
 ... but for the money , they need to do a better job with the footnotes in a Terry Pratchett book . At some point there is a bookmark that gets embedded in the text , so all following footnotes are off by one and you have to do prev page to see the right one . Also part of another footnote or 2 get embedded the same way ... kind of ruins the effect .
 Why is the publisher setting the price for the Kindle version the same as the paperback ? Apparently they live in some fantasy world where either paper is free , or duplicating bytes is expensive .
 This is a warning to other Pratchett-lovers out there looking for audiobooks . This is an abridgment of the original book , and a bad one . A lot of the best word jokes and philosophical humor is missing , many scenes are in pieces , and the whole thing simply does not convey the sense of fun and insight of the original novel . As well , in my opinion , Tony Robinson is a horribly bad voice actor , but that may simply be a personal preference . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've listened to `` Lords and Ladies '' in the abridged and unabridged versions and can only recommend the unabridged.The person who did the abridging seems to have gone about it by discarding every other chapter from the unabridged book . The story jerked along so confusingly , I was n't sure at the end what the plot had been about other than Elves coming back from exile . Tony Robinson 's reading only added to the confusion , his store of `` voices '' consisted of `` regular voice '' , `` low volume hissed voice '' , `` loud voice '' . LVHV was used for the Elf Queen and several other characters and was so hard to hear that I often had to back up the track , set the iPod 's volume to max and repeat so I could figure out what the dialog was.Then I got the unabridged version that Nigel Planer reads and realized that `` Lords and Ladies '' is another triumph for Pratchett ! Nigel Planer is a wonder ! The witches have voices that sound elderly , female and distinctly individual . Dwarfs have deep gravelly voices and Trolls sound dimwitted and slow . Wizards , the Librarian , every character has his own voice . Planer 's only flaw is that young women always sound adenoidal , but it 's not jarring and I soon got used to it . Best of all , Planer 's reading is always clearly audible.So , avoid the unabridged versions ! I ca n't imagine what Terry Pratchett was thinking when he greenlighted these travesties . Maybe the publishers told him that people who demand books that can be listened to in one long setting do n't care if the stories suck ?
 I nearly cried when I realized that this was an abridged version . There is no indication in the record . I was really looking forward to these CDs .
 This is a stage play ! It is n't the novel.This may be a wonderful thing for high school drama departments , but it was n't what I wanted.It may be that I 'm just an idiot and missed the clear statement that I was buying `` Men at Arms _ * THE PLAY * _ '' . Nevertheless , a stage play is not what I thought I was paying for .
 There are n't enough words in the English language to express my utter loathing and contempt for this book . I had heard that Pratchett was `` satirical '' , `` devious '' , `` irreverent '' , `` magical '' , `` entertaining '' and `` above all funny '' . Sadly `` Men at Arms '' is none of the above . Pratchett is trying to be Douglas Adams and fails at it miserably . This story in particular was trite , condisending , and supremly unfunny . His use of footnotes to make a joke that had no bearing upon the story was ... lame , for lack of a better term.The jokes , reeked of `` ho ho ho see how clever I am ! '' rather than actually being funny . The characters struck me as pale shadows of characters who only grow and change in set and sadly predictiable ways so that they can advance the plot and story rather than being changed by the plot and story.I ca n't even say the story was silly lame . It was n't . It was just lame .
 this is probably one of the worst books i have ever read . the prose is stilted and trite . i think the only reason it got published was because it is about a lesbian relationship . the characters are flat - no depth is allowed them . there are so many more and better books about lesbian relationships , start with those . if i were to rewrite it , i would yell `` SHOW , DO N'T TELL ! '' at the writer in a fit of rage . the sentences are reminiscent of Hemingway , except lack his literary value . everyone is rich and beautiful . it is the 90210 of the lesbian fiction world .
 In other reviews I read at other sites regarding this book , it was termed a psychological thriller . That was one of the main reasons I bought it.To me a thriller indicates suspense , tightening tension , and anunusual , exciting climax/ending to the story . This novel has none of those ingredients.At 413 pages , this draggy book about a negative lesbian love affair , is very repetitive . The storyline is rather thin , involving two women , Alix , a seemingly heterosexual woman who is happy with her male lover -LRB- s -RRB- , but then becomes romantically and sexually involved with Tansie , and turns her back on heterosexuality with no particular explanation ; and Tansie , a lesbian woman whose erratic behavior is never explained beyond saying she had an abusive childhood -- which is also never examined.As another reader here noted , and I could n't agree more , the writer does not give us any depth with these characters and does telling , but not showing.The words `` internalized homophobia '' are never used , but in my opinion both Alix and Tansie have that problem , Tansie to a greater degree than Alix . In fact , that is the main problem in their relationship.The reader is even cheated sexually because there are no sex scenes per se in the book although the characters spend an inordinate amount of time making love .
 First of all , this book does n't give the pleasure of good reading . C'mon , what kind of pleasure do you expect from a 500 pages book with very small fonts?I would like to review on pages 183-189 regarding case at Kanthal . It said that according to ABC calculation , Kanthal has found that customer # 199 records loss , unfortunately customer # 199 is in the top three in terms of sales volume . If ABC is really a good tool , then Kanthal should fire customer # 199 . But Kanthal did n't do that . They do n't believe in ABC?Customer # 199 implemented JIT and they 've got substantial improvement in productivity and efficiency . With JIT concept they place order to Kanthal in small quantity and frequent orders . According to ABC , this makes the cost for Order-to-cash activities at Kanthal is quite high , so that it eats the margin.The funny thing , the book said JIT is appropriate in Japan , not in Sweden . Do n't they look at automotive industry around the world that successfully implement JIT?So what 's the solution described in the book ? The solution is to cut the cost of order-to-cash activities by using electronic B2B concept . And it claims that customer # 199 turns to be profitable for Kanthal after that . So simple and ... so wrong!Maybe ABC calculation shows that result is good at Customer # 199 level . But still , the company bottom line remains the same . Do they cut sales persons ' salary ? No . Do they fire a sales person who handle customer # 199 ? No . Do they reduce transportation cost ? No.Probably by using B2B , there 's small fraction of cost saving on order processing activities , but it wo n't be significant enough to increase the net profit for the company.If B2B does reduce the cost of order processing cost significantly , why they do n't use it for all customers ?
 This book is quite disappointing for those who are knowledgeable in this subject area . One new to the subject might find CE-VI serves as a quick -LRB- but weak -RRB- overview . In other words , Baldwin never addresses any one of the subject areas with depth . Each book chapter is only a summary of the area it addresses with a few very short case histories inserted . I would suggest all purchase `` Remarkable Healings
 This book has its pearls here and there but it is definitely NOT worth the price . I would n't pay $ 25 for it.The examples given are really worthless because all they basically do is drag and drop components and controls -LRB- almost anybody can figure that out -RRB- . I would like to see more code , especially in the Database section . I mean the book is OK if you only paid $ 20 to $ 30 . -LRB- Are they really selling the 60-day trial version of VS.NET ? -RRB-
 This is a very average quality Text Book . It will not be a book for a beginning programmer to grab and expect to run with . The book has quite a few vaugue examples but most are fairly well documented . But , you better have some VB/VS background . The writers skip the basics here.This is an expenseive book for what you will be getting . I highly recommend anyone wanting to buy this to spend a little while flipping through to see what you will be getting . Buyer Beware ! There are several better books avail on this subject.However , This is not a terrible book . It is just `` Very Average '' as Text Books go . For the price , I would recommend finding something more friendly . Or , at least try to wait for a newer revision and see if Bradley & Millspaugh will tick-up the quality when they rewrite for . NET 2005 . If they do n't , grab something cheaper and better , like WROX Beginning VB.NET Databases . If you 're forced to get this for a class , good luck . I hope your prof is a better than this book.I give it two and half stars for average content . But rounded down to 2 stars for being over priced .
 This is the worst programming textbook I have yet seen . It requires the student to read each chapter from start to finish , because one can not just go to a subject of interest and learn it . The writing style is completely in-line . I found I had to re-read sections many times to ascertain what the authors were trying to say , and the code examples were not self-contained . While I am not a programmer by training , I have taken a course in Java and many other courses . This book also focused too much on databases to my taste , but others may find that emphasis useful . Even the teacher who selected it said he made a mistake .
 I suspect it has been some time since the author visited Sweden or even watched a Swedish movie . A quick glance through the phrases and translations gives me the feel of reading a novel from the 1940s . Using these phrases in Sweden will make you seem either comical or positively moronic.A few examples
 Myself being a second -LRB- father 's side -RRB- and third generation -LRB- mother 's side -RRB- Swedish-American , I find the suggested pronunciations to be inaccurate . Some of the sounds described in this book are not as my parents tried to teach me.Disappointed in Dallas .
 this boke sux . its a bunch of midevil poetry . it is so retarded and dum . i dont like it al all.Initially published in the Journal of Literary Criticism , 24 -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
 This collection of the entire Canterbury Tales -LRB- `` translated '' -- how can English be `` translated '' into English ? `` transposed '' or `` recast '' into Modern English is a more accurate way of putting it -RRB- is clearly and gracefully read by a variety of readers . BUT there is no accompanying Table of Contents , nor are the tales in the conventional order , so one has to search through 17 CD 's in order to find a specific tale . I 'd send it back if I had n't torn the wrapper open -- which I had to do in order to discover this serious deficiency .
 I was looking for a well-structured side-by side version of the Canterbury Tales . Bantam Classics normally does a great jobs on books , but whoever transcribed it to kindle did not know kindle at all , left it unstructured and the translation all over the place , intermingled with the lines , translating the wrong verses and generally just all over the place.Practically , I am reading four lines middle-english , five lines modern , three lines middle-english , 2 lines modern , 6 lines middle-english , and so forth . There is no connection between the middle-English and its translation.That was a wasted 5.99 USD for kindle version and a HUGE disappointment :-LRB- ...
 The annotation style if this edition ruins it . Putting the definitions of words in line with the text , rather than as footnotes or end notes , disrupts the flow of reading . It quickly gets confusing as to what is original text and what is editorial comment . I 'm off to find another edition only partway into the first poem .
 I find it very unfortunate that I wasted my money on this book when I could have read the entire story on the Internet . Of course , the story is out of copyright , and you 'll find it all over the Internet , in complete.Don ' t waste your money like I did . Even worse , I never even read the book.My rating is only on the size of the book , because like I said , I never read it , and I am forced to issue a rating -LRB- I only wanted to enter a comment -RRB- .
 This version of the Canterbury Tales in modern English is brilliant . Nonetheless I was deeply disappointed in finding that the Parson 's Tale was omitted completely , the reason being that `` it does not interest the general public '' . I disagree with such a sweeping statement .
 The paperback version has the original text of the tales on the left hand page and the modern translation on the right . The publisher does not provide any cues in formatting of the Kindle edition to show difference between the original text and the modern . The two texts run together making reading almost impossible .
 Beware of editions by General Books LLCThey produce books by scanning -LRB- OCR -RRB- copyright-free material , but without any editing.There are so many errors though that the result may be unusable.Usability probably depends on subject matter , but the many OCR-errors make even prose an annoying read.Especially mathematical and technical texts and texts with notes can become completely garbled.See the review of J.M. Keynes ' `` A treatise on probability '' on this site which I bought but is useless , and similar comments by other buyers -LRB- on `` Vanity Fair '' by Thackeray ; on `` The Italian '' by Radcliffe -RRB-
 This is not easy to read in Kindle format . In paperback , it has two translations
 The content - introductory notes , translation - is great . This is one of my favourite adaptations of the Canterbury Tales into modern English.The Kindle version , however , complete ruins the book . The printed version presents facing-page translation , which works great . The kindle version attempts to do that , having one ` page ' after the other , not considering that due to the font-size adaptability , this does n't work at all .
 This set of CDs is a fraud ! Nowhere does it say in the ads that it is not Chaucer that is being read but a `` translation '' by some hack poet . So , if you are only interested in the stories but have no sensitivity to the sound and rhythm of the second best poet in the English language , then this is the stuff for you . But it is definitely not Chaucer .
 Umm ... Did not enjoy this book . Characters were almost all lewd and bad people , crooks and the like . One dimensional characters , all . The stories they told were sometimes interesting , at least .
 Here is the lesson to be learned
 If you like the television series `` The Simpsons , '' you will probably like Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales . They reflect the same vulgar approach to entertainment which , instead of making us rise above the gutter of everyday life , brings us to the lowest level of crudity . There are some redeeming tales however , such as the Knight 's Tale , but as a whole , this book should be avoided by anyone with a sense of honour and decency .
 Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales is a widely discussed collaboration of tales that depict various groups of people in many different assessments . In The Wife of Bath , the portrayal of women is extremely controversial . The question of whether Chaucer was a misogynist or supported women 's liberation is a passionately discussed topic . Based upon Chaucer 's various portrayals of women , he was not a male chauvinist who desired superiority over women . Chaucer portrayed women through his opinion as an Englishman in Medieval England , where the common view was that women were subordinate to men . This is seen in the Wife of Bath 's contradictory personality as well as the characters of her tale.To understand the importance of feminist criticism , it is important to know what it is and stands for . Feminist literary criticism is the term for analyzing literary works through the examination of female points of view , concerns , and values in comparison with the time period and culture . In Mary Wollenstonecraft 's A Vindication of the Rights Women , she asserts the observation `` Women , I argue from analogy , are degraded by the same propensity to enjoy the present moment ; and , at last , despise the freedom which they have not sufficient virtue to struggle to attain . '' One of the primary purposes of feminist literary criticism is concerned with `` uncovering the contingencies of gender '' as a cultural , social , and political system and instrument of domination . -LRB- Jehlen -RRB- Meaning , that their goal is uncover any iniquities placed upon women due to cultural setting , political standpoints , or social foundations.Although there are immutable biological differences between men and women , these differences create various social differences in different societies . One society may be completely different than another , at least in their treatment of the separation of gender . Also , in a patriarchal society , such as England in Chaucer 's time , the separation of gender involves more than just social differences , but also the idea that sexual differences are the same as sexual inequality -LRB- . Rigby -RRB- It is inequitable to be judgmental of Chaucer and his views of women , as anti-feministic as they are , because Chaucer was from a completely different social construct and historical time period.Through Chaucer 's Wife of Bath , as well as the characters in her tale , he portrays various views of women within Chaucer 's time . He represents women as unchaste and unruly in the Wife of Bath , Dame Alice . He also depicts women as helpless and overlooked in the raped maiden of The Wife of Bath 's Tale . The queen within the tale is shown as gracious . However , the women questioned by the knight portray a sense of only worldly desire . The old woman shows the wisdom of women , although it seems that she is submitting herself to her husband , she has control over him.His portrayal of Dame Alice is the antithesis of the stereotype for women in Chaucer 's time . She was not pure an innocent , as she confessed that `` I wo n't remain altogether chaste '' Alice was not submissive to each of her husbands , she chose to rule over them . She strikes fear into the town and its parish to the point where she gets and does whatever she wants . The fear and respect the town has for her is seen in lines 459-463 of the General Prologue
 Why did I think this rendition of The Cantebury Tales was translated into modern English ? It is the second of three items purchased from Amazon , and a second disappointment . Perhaps I should not shop online . Regardless , it is a classic and , I suspect , not read by nearly as many who would enjoy it .
 The Lonely Planet phrasebooks are usually a great help travelling around the world . This one however turned out to be creating more problems than solving them . The transliteration is so weird that you actually have to learn two new languages before pronouncing anything closely right . I tried the book with several english speaking lao persons and lao speaking native english speakers while travelling around the country and all had problems with the transliteration . Nothing is like you would naturally pronounce it . For example who would say Khoj if you see Khawy?Helpful is the lao bit so you can point , in the end its how I got around . A pity , there are much better transliterations around .
 this is just a jumble of sentences without audio that is needed for htis tonal language . It 's a shame that there is no decent method or grammar for Lao . Several other books have similar problems.Teach yourself methods have recently become very flimsy because few of the buyers actually get through them , so an author can sell a lot of substandard books . But for those who want to learn this is rather cruel punishment . It would be useful if the authors tried to learn a language from a book like what they have produced .
 This phrasebook looks reasonable in most respects , but it has no Lao to English dictionary . That means , if you are trying to communicate with someone who does not speak english , they can not respond to you with words , even if they are motivated and patient enough to try to carry on a conversation.The description of this book said it had a `` comprehensive dictionary '' . Unfortunately , it only has half of a comprehensive dictionary . If you want a book that will make it possible to actually converse with a Lao speaker , this is not it .
 I was greatly disappointed in this book . It is not about the space program , but rather about the MANNED space program
 I study Titanic and try to get every book possible on Titanic , -LRB- I 've been studying Titanc , way before the movie was made -RRB- . But when I bought this book and read it , I regreted it . It 's a good book , for ... how shall I say it , Beginner readers for Titanic . I give this book , in my opinion , 1 STAR because of it 's lack of thought . The book seemed like it was made for new Titanic fans . Since I 've been interested in Titanic for a long while , this book was n't at all great .
 I 've read many of the works published on the sinking of the White Star liner , Titanic , and I have to say this is , without doubt , one of the poorest yet . Pellegrino obviously is trying for emotional meditative discourse , but failing that , ends up making up out of whole cloth entire conversations and scenarios . Titanic was * not * the first ship to use the SOS call . The inclusion of the Frank Towers myth is a dead giveaway that Pellegrino picks and chooses his myths , without bothering with such inanities as fact-checking . If it 's entertainment and an emotional response you 're after , go see Cameron 's movie . If it 's history you want , better to stick with other , far better , far more accurate works .
 If you 're interested in the Titanic , this really is NOT the book for you ! Pellegrino seems more interested in his own history , along with Bob Ballard 's , than he does with the Titanic 's . There are a few interesting passages jammed into a lot of rambling about machinery , sea exploration , ant SPACE EXPLORATION ? If you want to read about the equitment used to find the Titanic and its many uses and missions beforehand , you MIGHT enjoy this book . If you want to read about the tragic story of the Titanic and what happened on that fateful night I would recommend `` The Night Lives On '' by Walter Lord .
 Charles Pellegrino , while providing interesting insight into the finding of the sunken liner Titanic , obviously neglected to do his research on that which haunts him so . As a member of the Titanic Historical Society and a general Titanic enthusiast , I know much about the dreaded night of April 14th 1912 - in both fact and myth . Pellegrino draws from neither for his book , instead creating unfounded dialogues that , unfortunately , shed a bad light on some of the heros of that night . His extreme emotionalism - he takes it almost to the point of being farcical - distracts the reader from the events of both the 1912 sinking and the 1985 finding of the Titanic . This book had the potential to create a fascinating discourse between the two main events in the life of the liner , both academically and emotionally , but unfortunately it does n't . Luckily we now have James Cameron 's film `` Titanic '' to build what Pellegrino could n't .
 The fact that this book is about Titanic -LRB- well sort of anyway -RRB- . This book is not a true work of history . The research is faulty , the words and thoughts of the various characters is bogus fiction . After being a student of Titanic history for almost 40 years , this is a book that I have dismissed lightly , very lightly . If you want to know Titanic and the disaster that befell her , this is not the book .
 This book was horrible . I 've read many books on Titanic , and this has to be the worst . If you want to read a good book , check outA Night to Rememberor getTitanic
 I 'm always up for another look at the Titanic , especially if new light is shed on the story . Unfortunately , Pelligrino spends a huge percentage of the book referring to himself admiringly in the third person , or subtly inflating his own worth in the parallel story line of Ballard 's expeditions . On top of that , it 's not interesting . The retelling of the events on the ship are fine , but they ca n't carry the deadweight of Pelligrino 's attempt to make himself a central figure or as important as the story . It 's the literary equivalent to watching an actor talk about how moved they are by their own acting . PASS .
 I have studied Titanic for many years , starting way before James Cameron 's film . Many of the `` facts '' presented in this work go against those given by tons of other authors and explorers of Titanic . The author seems very full of himself , trying to give himself credit where he does n't deserve it . It almost seems as if he is trying to convince everyone that he was a co-discoverer of Titanic and Robert Ballard 's best friend . I would recommend another author , one who actually has a love for Titanic and is n't trying to make himself look better .
 After reading glowing reviews of this book on Amazon.com , I purchased it and eagerly awaited its arrival . I first read `` A Night to Remember , '' and could n't put it down . This book , on the other hand , has been difficult to stick with . The author just does n't seem to know quite what he wants to write about . He goes back and forth between the actual sinking -LRB- very interesting , but most of this stuff can be found in Lord 's book -RRB- , the discovery of the ship -LRB- which includes a great deal of very technical dialogue -RRB- , and the Challenger explosion -LRB- perhaps this connection is a bit of a stretch -RRB- . As someone who has become very interested in the subject of the Titanic -LRB- as a result of the movie -RRB- , I found this book disappointing . The author seemed more interested in letting us know how involved he was , personally , in the entire expedition , but that just did n't interest me . Nice try , but no cigar .
 If I could give this book a rating of less than 1 I would ... . it deserves it . Much of the information is wrong -LRB- Frank Tower ??? PLEASE ! -RRB- The authors reliance on foul language to make his point ... all of this makes this book an annoying piece of trash unfit for anyone to read !
 I 'm am an absolute fanatic of the greatest ship ever built . -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- And this book was very in accurate . The authors did n't really focus on what really happened . If I were a critic I 'd give it ... two thumbs WAY DOWN !
 Birthright uses the battle system rules that are o.k. but they are not as fun as doing a mass battle by group .
 I had thought this was a great book for learning how to use Dutch Ovens for cooking . Lots of good general info and many nice pics . But , when it comes to the recipes I just do n't get how the author can get them so screwed up . As I am new to Dutch Oven cooking I followed the recipes and cooking times precisely . I just wish the author had taken the time to take each recipe and follow it as per the directions to re-test the directions . Many of the cooking times are just plan screwed up and incorrect . As an example , there is no way in this world that the 1 hr cooking time for the sausage and sauerkraut recipe is anywhere near close to correct . Being new , I followed this literally and found that 1 hr is totally inadequate to get the dish to cook thoroughly . Tonite , I am trying the Big Woods Chichen recipe . One hour is completely inadequate for cooking . I am now trying to get the recipe to cook at 2 hrs . I 'm sure my rice will be completely overcooked when the chicken is finally done . I am using a Viking professional stove which has been tested and calibrated and am also using a Lodge Dutch oven . Please do n't waste your money on this book . It looks good but when you follow the recipes to the letter the results are poor and very disappointing !!!!!!! 1
 For the price of the book I was looking for more recipes not a history of cast iron cooking . Not worth the price
 this book spends too much time on history and stories . beginners need to know how to determine the temperature of the oven . advanced cooks may know how many coals to put on and under but charcoal is better to learn with.twelve chapters of history and differances of cast iron and aluminum is too drawn out . the final blow is when there are only 19 recipes and most do not appeal to me .
 Or this is catalouge book and nothing more.If some buy Lodge cast iron pot or pan , must have this book free of cost .
 i have been reading this book since i was about 10 years old . that 's about 48 years or so . when i first picked up the confraternity 1954 edition i was fascinated by the woodcuts illustrating each chapter.i believe that the king james language lent an air of authenticity to the volume . i was not put off by it , but rather drawn to translate it . it helped me to invoke the times in which it was written.this little volume over the past 48 years has never grown old . it has never been stale . i have never picked up the book , opened it and said , ` Oh ! i read that chapter . ' wherever i opened it what i read was vibrant and real to me . although i have been reading this book all those years each chapter is new to me and full of meditative and contemplative material.there is nothing i have read that makes me say , ' I already do that . i have that piece down now . ' it always reminds me that i am not there yet . it always reminds me that i have a long way to go on my spiritual journey.i go on retreat every year to a trappist monastery . i used to take my bible , journal , prayer books and purused the library while there and spent a lotta money at the book store or gift shop . i have been going 30 years now , and now i take my volume of My Imitation of Christ only . Bibles and other stuff they have there , and for a week of thinking about God and Jesus and how i live that life is right there in the Imitation.try it , it will grow on you .
 This is the first review I have ever written , so that is saying something about this book . I agree with the other reviewers that this book is disorganized - the layout is unappealing and confusing . Some vocabulary words are presented with only a picture , which I guess is to help one visualize the meaning of the word , which is fine , except with some pictures it is almost impossible to figure out what the word means . Case and point is on the page -LRB- p. 50 -RRB- where the book is introducing words to describe family members and relatives . The book presents the word for cousin with only a picture of a boy and girl with a dog , with the only clue to figure out the definition being that their names are present . And they share the same last name !!! So they could be cousins yes , or brother and sister , or husband and wife !!! This is just one instance of many of the whole `` figure out the word from a poor picture '' approach . Exercises are poorly designed and presented.The entire book feels like you are reading appendices , at least that is how it feels like it is presented . The website is n't very helpful either . Also , if you have `` Quia '' homework based off of this book good luck , the website is just as poorly designed as the book . At the end of the course we are allowed to write our thoughts and opinions on the course , teacher , and text book , and you better believe that I will direct them to the Amazon reviews for my thoughts and opinions ! Too bad all the other kids in the class will just say they like the book to hurry up with the survey to get out of class earlier . Probably why we have been stuck with this book for so long anyway .
 This is the course book assigned by my college professor . I found the book to be disorganized , confusing and incomplete . Vocabulary words are often spread out throughout the chapter in odd places . The exercices will give you the question , but no sample answer so you ca n't understand the structure of the sentence you are supposed to be responding in . Often times they will provide you with a vocab word , but no translation beside it . You have to look it up in the back of the book or somehow manage to interpret the difference between a picture of an aunt and your sister.If your instructor has assigned this book , you 're better off getting another textbook to understand what this one is saying .
 This book does NOT contain a book key . I returned one and the next one didnt have it either . The OLC passcode card is nothing either . The card says that `` code is no longer necessary '' . Basically this is a like new book with no extra features . Buy used !
 I purchased this book under the impression it had a book key for QUIA , required by my profesora.It did n't have any book key ... so now i have to return it . And just buy the one from the bookstore , like I should have done from the beginning.Also UPS was a day late , and did n't leave the book as I requested by signing the `` LEAVE PACKAGE '' form left by the delivery man . I had to go pick it up myself because I 'm never at home .
 The previous reviews must have come from students of theauthor 's , or students of students of the author 's . Perhaps friends ofthe author ? I ca n't imagine anyone thinking this book is good . A good comedy , maybe.The techniques in this Ju-Jitsu book are almost offensive in terms of practicality . And though he does outline some tactics and concepts for applying the techniques of this art , this is most likely a book for his students to read so they can brush up for their tests , but not for serious self-defense . In fact , this is not a book for any one interested in learning self-defense . Buy the book if you want to get killed on the street . Otherwise avoid it , unless you 're a student of the author , of course . I 'd hate to see what the `` Basic '' book is like , and as funny as this particular book is , it 's not worth the money to buy it , even for a good laugh .
 I did n't realize that there was no illustrations in the book and Seton was a very fine illustrator , so why would you publish one of his books without the illustrations ?
 This book arrived 2 months after I ordered it . I had already went to my trip to Greece . I was so pissed off !
 One of the top 10 worst books ever . Waded through 100 pages and decided life is way too short to waste it reading this gibberish . AVOID !!!!!
 I 've been rereading the entire Xanth series , and `` Crewel Lye '' is not up to par.Piers Anthony rarely has a `` light touch '' , but this time his laying it on too heavily even gets on my nerves ... After about the second allusion , the reader already knows the ending , but Anthony keeps on hinting at it - with a sledgehammer -LRB- I wo n't write a spoiler here , though ; - -RRB- The plot is rambling , and character development is nonexistent - for better books on these counts , go to books 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 -LRB- not so much 2 and 7 -RRB- in the series . The usual puns , which I as a non-native speaker really like -LRB- some new ones again ! -RRB- . The usual sexual under -LRB- ? -RRB- tones , which you get used to . The book 's not too bad on these counts.But
 Once you start reading Xanth novels , they become addicting . This one is not as addicting as some of the series
 Seriously , I am quite the fantasy reader . However , this piece of dribble should not have ever been published . It is one of the WORST books I have ever read - in any genre . No plot or charecter development , nothing . If you want good fantasy , go read one of the DRAGONLANCE titles .
 Wendall Hall 's book , Buried Treasures of the American Southwest '' is not a bad book ; however , it does not include Southern Calif or Nevada , and only 4 common legends in Arizona . Has 14 legends from AR , 4 from NM , 5 from OK and 9 from TX . Arkansas and Oklahoma are not the states that come to mind when I think of the Amerian Southwest . Title of the book is wrong . Any book with this title must include more of the legends of AZ , S. CA and NV. , and save the 28 stories -LRB- out of only 36 -RRB- regarding AR , OK and TX for another book.Found Thomas Penfield book , `` Dig Here - Lost Mines and Buried Treasure of the Southwest '' better because it includes the `` southwest '' . It also has a much better index system , linking the legends to state maps . Penfield ' b book covers AZ well , but also is light in regard to NV and S. CA.Eugene Conrotto 's book , `` Lost Gold and Silver Mines of the Southwest '' has the most legends from S. CA , NV and AZ , but is not indexed and organized very well . Pretty much just jumps from -LRB- good -RRB- story to story . I ended-up cutting the book up and organizing the stories by State in file folders for reference during future OHV trips .
 You know -- this is ok -- but - I am an excellent researcher and I have not been able to verify anything that is in this book
 Geoffery Perret has given us some near classical one volume histories on US military history in the past -LCB- War to be won ... A Country made by War -RCB- . Yet here he stumbles , not fatally but certainly critically . His previous works have shown a novelists smooth touch with the unsparing eye of a serious evidence driven historian . But here , the tale of the nurturing , birth and colossal growth of the USAAF in WW2 fails to evolve on his canvas as crisply as his previous works . The overriding obsession with Hap Arnold shown here should have left me with a clearer idea of who the man was and what made him tick . Yet I am still largely in the dark about the man , and in spite of his passion , I am still not quite sure how to frame his herculean efforts on the part of the AAF . Also , the brisk but detailed style of `` There 's a war to be won '' is missing here . In that book we were able to effortlessly leap between the development of equipment , doctrines and training programs to the battlefields where all the above were tested by blood and fire , and often had to be improvised over . In `` Winged Victory '' however , I found myself bogged down in top heavy dissertations on personality conflicts and technical aero-babble that ill suits a one volume history . All in all , the book has some chapters useful for quick referencing and tidy summations , but as a one volume history , falls well short of what Perret has given us in the past .
 Thw writer has done a marvellous job , writing the history of USAAF in one volume only , in a modern and acesible language . But there are two serious flaws
 I picked up this book because I was researching my grandfather , who was a B-17 pilot shot down over Switzerland . I looked this up in the book , and immediately found inaccurate information . The author claims that only 10 crews made it to Switzerland in March of 1944 , yet when my grandfather was shot down on 18 March 15 other crews were interned by the Swiss on the same day , the highest number in the entire war . The author also claims that many of the bombers landed with little or no damage , insinuating that they were intentionally getting out of the war . This is also false - the AAF conducted an extensive investigation during the war , and found that almost every bomber that landed in Switzerland had extensive damage . I 'm not sure where the information in the book came from , but it is incorrect . Any crewman interned in Swizerland could have set the record straight in that regard , and there are plenty of them around who belong to the Swiss Internees Association .
 This is a smoothly written tome , however , after Perret 's earlier -- and better -- efforts it is a genuine disappointment . The general complaints about this work have been ably delt with elsewhere so here is a partial listing of Perret 's errors of fact -LRB- See the works of Gordon Swanborough , William Green , and Francis K. Mason for supporting documentation -RRB- . > pg.27-28
 This guy does not check his facts with primary sources and has many axes to grind . He has admited in interviews that he is not really an historian , but is rather a writer with research assistants and relies mostly on secondary sources . Useful only to those who know not where else to go . Really has it in for the B-29 and Hap Arnold .
 Does n't mean other women ca n't . This is complete drivel . There are thousands of happy children of working moms -LRB- myself included -RRB- who would disagree with the author that working moms somehow ca n't be good mothers.Furthermore , this is classic Michelle Bachmann hypocrisy . If the author truly believes that women are best off staying at home and washing dishes , perhaps she should n't be writing a book . Her husband should be the author.In the meantime , leave the working moms who can pull it off alone .
 Wow , this book is a series of hate messages ranging from accusations and convictions of working mothers -LRB- its yet another `` everything that is wrong in society is a woman 's fault '' message -RRB- to internal contradictions -LRB- home moms have it the hardest of anyone yet the author is quick to point out how much time she has for gym and friends , and starbucks now that we have machines to do all our housework -RRB- . This book has little to do with real life , but it does 2 things for the author -LRB- 1 -RRB- it enables her to sell books to keep her fabulous starbucks lifestyle , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it justifies her own existence , for this is nothing if not an obvious attempt to reconcile her conflicting feelings about her lifestyle and the working life she still feels something for . Amid this neurosis is a flurry of the most uncharitable , illconsidered opinion , sometimes supported by the likes of newspaper articles , and sometimes having no support at all . It really seems that by writing this the author wants to work , but would n't have have time to sit at the park and sip pumpkin spiced latte with the girls , but if all women were doing it she would n't feel so bad . What better excuse than that it makes her a more valiant , fabulous , virtuous mother than all the working moms out there . Talk about a set-up ! If it 's not the breastfeeding nazis , or the natural birth KGB , its this stuff . This is just another stop on the guilt train -- as usual tickets sold to women ONLY . No mother who loves her children and truly believes she is living her calling from God need bother .
 Work outside the home or stay at home mom ? -- there is no one right way -- It is sad that people can be so close minded to only see their side as the `` right '' side . There are many types of people and situations -- there ca n't be one right way -- and not everyone has choices . Stay at home mothers may want a voice -- but believe me , most working mothers want a voice -- many act as though we work for our own benefit -- yes , we may benefit in some ways -- but many went to work specifically to benefit our families -- things such as medical benefits , a decent neighborhood , etc. . In the end , some may have been fortunate enough to offer other advantages such as educational opportunities or memorable family vacations after providing the basics -- Or perhaps , the opportunity for them to know their father who is able to work near regular hours since there is another income . For some , having the father work extensive hours and have minimal time with the kids so that the mother is home works well to meet their goals . For other families , it does not . For mine , we originally had no choice -- a bit over 16 years ago , I went to work leaving our one year old thinking I was doing a horrible thing . I did it because there was no other way -- my husband was a Architectural Draftsman making $ 15k per year -LRB- no med benefits -RRB- . Because we believed me being home was the right thing , we did everything we could to be able to have me at home . He bartended on the weekend and took his office 's after work janitor job when the janitor quit -- I did accounting work at home and tried coordinating waitressing eves . In the end , I had to go to work full time , we could not make it and we needed benefits . The world was very unsupportive of me and made me feel like a bad mother for doing this -- I did not want to leave my daughter , I did not want to go to work , my husband listened to me cry at lunch each day -- I did it for my family . -- That one year old is now 17 . I also have a 12 year old . I ended up continuing to work as by the time I may have had somewhat of a limited `` choice '' , my kids were in school and my views had changed . My working has brought benefits to my kids , my home and my marraige . I have a very happy marriage of 20 years . My husband is an active parent . Have I missed previous moments because I worked ? Yes -- and that does make me sad -- but I also know I have had other moments that are valuable -- and my kids have had significant moments because I work -- with me and others . No matter what , I am a happy person which I feel might be the most important ingredient to a good mother . But that is me -- what works for me and my family certainly may not be the best answer for all because we are all different . I was fortunate to find a way of life that has worked for us . -- My kids ? Very happy , well adjusted kids who I am very proud of . A couple days ago my daughter , senior in high school was discussing this issue and said I will definitely work -- I was surprised and asked her why -- she said that when she sees all her friends with stay at home mothers , the mothers seem very unhappy and do less for their kids than I do -- -LRB- referring to college visit/app process , driving places , spending one on one time , working together , etc. -RRB- My response was that you have to wait and see -- you do n't know what choices you may have -- and being able to stay at home , if only for awhile can be a very wonderful opportunity -- and - certainly - not all stay at home mothers are unhappy.There is no right answer and it is a very small and close minded person who ca n't understand that . As women , as mothers , I hope some day we can support each other rather than knock each other down to make ourselves feel superior .
 I am a mother who works part time out of necessity . I agree with many of Venker 's points
 Checked this sad excuse for a book out at the library -- glad I did n't pay for it . Stay at home moms unite in our insecurities -- that is these authors ' message loud and clear . -LRB- Hello , Dr. Laura is known for this muck , yet where is her family ? -RRB- Ever notice the lack of books written by working moms who criticize stay at home moms ? They 're generally too busy applying themselves to better pursuits.I 'm a part-time working mom who is proud to set an example for my daughter . She wo n't be anyone 's handmaiden in life . We should all have higher hopes for our daughters . They can and should do BOTH .
 The author 's message , in essence , is that working mothers are not `` real '' mothers . I can only assume that in the sequel to this sexist , essentialist rant , she will reveal how working fathers are not `` real '' fathers , and how they should build * their * careers around parenthood , and how they are sadly mistaken to think they could possibly be successful both in the labor force and at home .
 The author is attempting to justify her own choices by putting down working mothers . Do yourself a favor and do n't order this book !!
 This book is meant to make working mothers feel guilty while glorifying the stay-at-home mom . Numerous academic studies disprove their thesis -- studies that the authors choose to ignore . Read this if you want to reinforce your pre-existing world view . Otherwise , do n't bother . There 's little factual basis to what they say .
 The title says it all ! I will no longer listen to Dr. Laura nor the anti-working mommy ideals that the author professes ! How is it that Dr. Laura works ? What about the author , was she not taking away from her children when she wrote this book ? I guess it is easy to preach to common folks when you are successful and do not need to work . Preach it somewhere else !
 Do n't waste your money on this book unless you want to be insulted . Just because women work does not mean they ca n't be great moms . Finding quality daycare is key ! My children loved their daycare providers and they loved playing with other kids . I like working and being a mom ! I think I 'm pretty good at it too !
 Just another book with huge text and lots of wasted space -LRB- that makes you think you are getting a lot of reading material -RRB- . Unfortunately , not much info in this book . If you are looking for a simple , down-to-earth useful book , this really is n't it.Perhaps the other book I ordered , `` Healing Secrets of the Native Americans
 When I first started to read this book , I recognized right away a lot of potential in the story . All of the scary elements that I was hoping for were there , and the pace drew me in immediately . But as the book went on I became annoyed at first , and gradually frustrated with the character 's complete lack of brains.As bad things start to go down , the characters seem to want to do everything except for the obvious - leave . There is nothing that really forces anyone in this story to stay where they are at , and as the death toll mounts and creepy goings on get more sinister , it never seems to cross any ones mind that the simplest solution would be to find a nicer neighborhood . It is like there is a Masterton IQ Reduction Chip -LRB- tm -RRB- lodged inside each character 's head!And as silly as that sounds , had the author used a gimmick like this to explain the stupidity of his characters , I probably could have enjoyed the narrative enough to have given it 3.5-4 stars instead of 1 .
 This book is okay , but Brown Jenkin is not what I saw when I read HPL 's `` Dreams in the Witch House . `` It 's not a good Masterton book , either . The last 30 pages seem as if he had to get it done fast , or be sued by the publisher.Skip it . `` Spirit '' is a lot better .
 turned into a totally different story . I liked the beginning , but closer to the ending i could not believe that was the same book . There were good ideas that were abandoned by the writer , and the characters acted stupid most of the time.I do not reccomend this book .
 Langston Hughes is definitely a better poet than he is a novelist . I found this book to be lack luster and boring . Although you may like a character or two ... in general the characters were not developed nor were they intriguing . His wording lacked the rapture that we are accustomed to him delivering .
 In her work , Amy Hollywood explores the writings of Margueritte Porete , Mechtild of Magdeburg , and Meister Johannes Eckhart , all medieval mystical writers of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries . Further , she attempts to wrestle with a previous work by Herbert Grundmann that the teachings of German mystics were formed by the intellectual underpinnings of the mystical and religious experience of medieval women . It is then Hollywood 's hope to demonstrate the influences of the beguine mysticism , as exemplified through Porete and Mechtild , on Eckart 's work . In addition , Hollywood explores how these three mystics , '' ... subvert medieval discourses on , and practices concerned with , gender and subjectivity . `` Accordingly , Hollywood brings together Porete , Mechtild , and Eckhart to illustrate several strains found in all of their writings . First , both bodily and spiritual suffering are implicitly and explicitly criticized by Mechtild , Porete , and Eckhart . Scholars , in the past , have tried to define the language of female mystics , and these two are no exception , in terms of erotic and bodily imagery , which historians maintain is the cultural predilection of women towards such imagery . However , Hollywood believes that all of these writers have an apophatic nature to them . It is more explicit in Eckhart , but Hollywood maintains that all three use apophatic means to try to describe God . None of these mystics can properly describe God because of His unknowable nature , so they use terms that were familiar to their intended audience.These mystics also emphasized the suppression of the will to become one with God . Eckhart stressed the importance of surrender of the self -LSB- the soul -RSB- , `` for the divine being is equal to nothing , and in it there is neither image nor form . '' While the women , Mechthild and Porete , describe divine experiences , thus emphasizing personal authority due to God 's intervention , Eckhart conveys `` priestly authority '' available to men during the period , however , his emphasis upon personal detachment allows the concept of the soul 's union with God to be available to all . Thus , to Hollywood , women were forced to seek access to the divine and to public voices by inscribing their souls with suffering and with wounds marking the presence of God and the limits of description . Taken together , the three mystics and their attitude towards the body are similar in that they all stressed the importance of minimizing the body to concentrate on the soul . Medieval society emphasizes asceticism as the path to God , but again , the three mystics emphasize what the soul must do to forge a path to God . Of course , Hollywood does make several assumptions to make her thesis work . First , that the two female mystics attempted to explain God in unknowable terms , and that they used terms that their society could understand , and the second , that Eckhart did read these two female mystic writers .
 DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION !! It is full of typos , missing information in problems , mislabeled diagrams , and wrong answers ! I spoke with PR and they said that , yes , indeed that is correct , but the 2002 edition has been corrected . Can you imagine what I went through while studying ? I was second guessing myself left and right . I finally realized that , no , I do what I 'm doing , it 's the book that was wrong.Please do n't buy this 2000 edition , it is a waste of your time and money . The 2002 edition ought to be much better , and probably quite a good study guide . I , however , have not seen it and do not know for sure , but PR should be a fairly respectable test prep . company.Happy GREs ... hahaha
 Many computer books and study guides are sold on the basis that they are huge and - by implication - full of wisdom and knowledge . On closer inspection they turn out to be weak and muddled . This book falls into this category and then some . It is about the worst I 've come across . Obviously rushed out to meet some kind of marketing need and consequently packed with errors . I actually came to Amazon to see what others said about it after struggling to understand the logical errors I thought I was coming across . Here 's a nice but rather obvious example
 This book has a different approach of studying for the GRE Chemistry exam . Instead of spoonfeeding you all the correct answers to the questions , it gives you all the wrong information so that you will be forced to think if every single item is correct or not . Since Chemistry is a very strict subject , meaning , if one atom or bond is misplaced , everything becomes invalid , reading the book becomes a tedious experience rather than an enriching experience . It is very sad that the Princeton publishers did not even bother to proofread the book , and if they ever even bother , it is most likely for grammatical purposes rather than for the Chemistry content . I have written to the Princeton publishers reagarding this issue and all they can say is they are very sorry that I am disappointed . Do you think that is enough compensation to the disappointment I have regarding this book ? I have heard that they are planning to release a new edition . Honestly , with this kind of previous editions , I would discourage anybody to buy this book . I think it would be more effective if you just stick to your old textbooks .
 This book has a different approach of studying for the GRE Chemistry exam . Instead of spoonfeeding you all the correct answers to the questions , it gives you all the wrong information so that you will be forced to think if every single item is correct or not . Since Chemistry is a very strict subject , meaning , if one atom or bond is misplaced , everything becomes invalid , reading the book becomes a tedious experience rather than an enriching experience . It is very sad that the Princeton publishers did not even bother to proofread the book , and if they ever even bother , it is most likely for grammatical purposes rather than for the Chemistry content . I have written to the Princeton publishers reagarding this issue and all they can say is they are very sorry that I am disappointed . Do you think that is enough compensation to the disappointment I have regarding this book ? I have heard that they are planning to release a new edition . Honestly , with this kind of previous editions , I would discourage anybody to buy this book . I think it would be more effective if you just stick to your old textbooks .
 Amazon should offer negative star ratings , because one star is far too glamorous a prize for this untrustworthy and erroneous book . I am shocked at the simple lack in proofreading the text , question , and answers . Students of Chem should never buy this book , and those that have should write the publisher and demand a refund . The only good use for this text would be as camp fire fuel .
 As other reviewers have suggested , this book is FULL of errors . I used this book -LRB- along with the official guide and the REA book which is much better -RRB- for my preperation and found it to be virtually useless . There are so many errors that I found myself unable to trust the book as a source on any information that I did n't already know to be accurate . Which of course defeats the purpose of a study guide . Many of the mistakes are obvious , but perhaps more problematic are the several instances where the author explains a subtle point in error.This book is not worth the time .
 With just four years of chemistry background , I could write a better book than this in my sleep . What did the authro get her Ph.D in anyway ? Was it sociology , or perhaps basket weaving ? I am quite bitter , becuase I am trying to use this miserable excuse for toilet paper to prep for an exam two days from now . It at least reassures me of how much I do know because all the errors are so glaring . I think that perhaps this author should also advertise that they got their Ph.D. out of a cracker jack box . I will be writing to Princeton Review to demand my money back , and I urge University Chemistry departments everywhere to warn students about this book . Honestly , a retarded monkey with no limbs could write a better book . I wonder what Laberge got on the Chem GRE ?
 I just began using this book to review for the GRE in April . I have n't gotten very far into the book , but in the first 15 pages I have already found four seriously misleading errors -LRB- and that 's just the ones I 've caught ! -RRB- . Some of the equations -LRB- even the Henderson-Hasselbalch -RRB- they provide are wrong . There is even a convenient example worked out with an erroneous equation . You can use this book to learn about what topics you should study for the GRE , but do the actual studying from real chemistry textbooks .
 Poor chemists -- do n't you wish a book existed that could meet your needs at this level ? This book , as previously noted , contains more errors than you probably made on your last organic chemistry exam . Some mistakes are obvious , but I highly recommend avoiding this book because even the little things may mislead you . If you are looking to study for the GRE , I recommend picking up the Harcourt Brace College Outline Series books on College Chemistry and Physical Chemistry if you have n't already . If you want a book to study for organic chemistry , try finding a Kaplan MCAT book on organic chemistry , or at least one that has an organic chemistry section . As for instrumentation and inorganic , go back and ask friends or reread your notes and textbooks .
 The topics covered are generally clear , but there are numerous errors and typos . There are bonds missing in the organic chemistry section and at least one error that is of a seriously confusing sort .
 Avoid this book at all costs . It contains numerous errors , misleading items , and misspellings . In the example problems , many of the answers are worked out to find something other than what the original question asked -LRB- i.e. oxidation state instead of coordination number -RRB- . I suggest the author , Monique Laberge , allow someone else to write the next edition .
 I agree completely with the other reviews of this book . I just spent an hour deriving and re-deriving the Henderson-Hasselbach equation , trying to figure out what I was doing wrong . The previous review tells me what I need to know -- it is incorrect in this book !!! There are so many errors that it is actually more work to review material that I already know than it was to learn it the first time . It 's a shame I ca n't give zero stars on this review .
 As other people have said , this book is full of typos , wrong formula names , mis-representation of structural formulas , etc. . I ca n't underestimate the number of mistakes in this book . I bought the new edition of the book hoping that these issues had been addressed and resolved , but they have not . New typos have arisen and are in the same magnitude as the first edition.It is a nice , general , concise review , but only if you want to double-check every fact in the book that may seem questionable . I have been using this book to review for my Qualifying exams for grad school and find that it 's frustrating to use . However , it does keep you on your toes and constantly running to your text books to double check facts . I 'm not sure if that is a good thing though ... Come test time , it would n't be hard to become confused between what is right and what you saw in the book . A much better review book would be Schaum 's Outlines , but they are much more detailed and not as general . This is both good and bad . I was hoping to have a general review book that I could use to supplement my undergrad texts . Obviously , this is not the book.In general , run away from this book . Even if they come out with a third edition , I would NOT trust it .
 The author 's alleged PhD is quite polemical . I think it averaged an error per page or so . For the 15 minutes I glanced it over , I think I became dumber .
 You know how they say that an infinite number of monkies on an infinite number of typewriters would eventually produce Hamlet?Well , for this book , I 'd guess that Dr. Laberge employed 3 monkies for 10 minutes .
 I had three books to help study for this exam including this one . This book has many errors and it also does n't explain things very well . I do n't even know if there is a good study guide out there because the one from ETS does n't even tell you how to do the problems , it just tells you the answers .
 This book is loaded with errors and typos ; structures and chemical names do n't correspond . A cyclohexane is called a benzene . It makes me doubt the author 's credentials . If you are already confused with Chemistry , this book will only make it worse . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK . Do not attempt to use it to prepare for your important graduate school admission exam either . You 'll be better off without it .
 This book based on limited family input collected circa 1856 , then written after all of John Mercier McMullen 's siblings were deceased in 1902 has been proven by his genetic male descendants based on DNA testing and extensive genealogical research , to have been a political fabrication . It was not published in 1902 or following his death in 1908 by any surviving male relations of John M McMullen including , his own sons . Rather it was a maternal grandaughter who published it in 1960 . His motivation in modifying , fabricating or in several cases actually eliminating truthful information appears to have been a desire for acceptance by the British aristocracy of the day in his Upper Canadian village of Brockville . This resulted in an effort by John McMullen , to position his historical family as pro-UBE , anti Irish and of lowland Scot extraction . The facts suggest exactly the opposite , with oral history as provided by sibling descendants , genetic DNA test results and actual interviews with Irish families in the village of Kells Co. . Kilkenny -LRB- where John came from , not the north of Ireland -RRB- who knew this family as late as 1950 . An example of fabrication would be his statement that James McMullen was one of the 13 apprentices of Derry , exposed as a falsehood in correspondence with the association itself . Those wishing access to more substantial evidence can contact the reviewer at
 Mr Drury 's earlier novels are well received -LRB- Advise and Consent , particularly -RRB- . I wo n't be bothering to read any more after this rather tedious ` The Russian 's are coming to get us ' effort . We all know now how that turned out . I will say that is slightly more believable than ` Red Dawn ' , slightly .
 This slight book was compiled by heavy borrowing from U.S. Army Field Manuals and the like . The illustrations are not real good either.Respecting the fact that the book was written twenty-five years ago when the field of SWAT/ERT , or any other acronym implying `` police acting as soldiers '' was generally being formed , I think that the reader can do much better with the many contemporary books written on the subject.I came across this book at a chain national bookseller and paid an exorbitant price for it . The book simply is not that detailed and runs more like an outline than anything else . It was obvious to me that the author probably had n't experienced many `` SWAT '' situations to incorporate as examples in the book . Perhaps that could be remedied now if he chose to update the book with a second edition . For law enforcement officers or students . I would stay away . I rated it two stars for the condensed military leadership and MOUT training references , among others , and for the fact that the author took a chance when the field was young .
 Do n't be fooled by the title this book has nothing to do with the Stock Market . It is about how to add merchandise to a store . If your intersted in the stock market stay away from this one .
 This book is poorly organized and missing essential information . You would be better off with the open source doc , and much better off with another book . I downloaded the book files and got the first set of classes running . Then I made the tiny changes suggested in Chapter 2 and went to my first servlet compile . PROBLEM 1
 I was very disappointed when I cracked open the book today to find that much of book is focused on things like writing servlets and jsp based pages , rather than administration of Jakarta-Tomcat . If I wanted a Servlet writing book , I would ref my O'Reilly Java Servlet Programming book.The main reason I purchased this book was because I wanted to be certain that my Apache driven Solaris box , responsible for virtual hosting several sites , was configured correctly to maintain several instances of the JVM for each customer . Chapter 9 Integrating the Apache HTTP Server is just plain funny . If you delete the `` What is Apache '' section along with the pictures , weak example and summary , the chapter is only a few paragraphs long ! Zero help!If you enjoy books that are essentially general overviews and contain remotely related content that can be better handled by other dedicated books , then this book is for you!I just purchased `` Professional Apache '' by Peter Wainwright and was very impressed with the level of detail given by Peter . Buy it if you want REAL information regarding the configuration and management of Apache . I am still hunting for one of similar caliber for Jakarta-Tomcat !
 This book adds very little to the online documentation provided by the tomcat team and seems to be published in a hurry just to be the first tomcat book in place . E.g. on p. 103 at the end of chapter 5 you can read
 The author in the preface says that he expects this book to be a complete reference for Tomcat . I would say that it falls far short of the objective.I had expected a meaningful look at Tomcat . Most of the information presented is already available with the standard Tomcat distribution . There is no attempt to go beyond the surface . It seems the author was in a rush to get a book published , rather than spend time providing some insight into Tomcat.There is no proper introduction to the terms or concepts related to Tomcat . I do n't expect an introduction to servlets or JSP . All I ask for is clear concise definitions of the various Tomcat components and a breakdown of the config files.If you are intrested in finding more about Tomcat stick to looking for the information online . It will be time well spent .
 Talk about being disappointed ! This book took a very superficial approach to some very basic concepts and the result is a book that might be useful if you are brand new to deploying servlet-based Web applications but useless if you want to learn about the nuts and bolts . I bought it to make sure that I 'd know how to correctly configure Tomcat in a production environment but this book added very little to what I 'd already learned from reading the documentation .
 It 's a shame this book was so poorly written , and misleading in its title . The Java/Tomcat community has been struggling for some time with Tomcat , trying desperately to gain some sort of useful insight from the horrid online documentation . Then along comes this long-awaited manual that could have easily saved the day for thousands of sysadmins.Problem is , this book provides next to no useful information on the integration of Apache and Tomcat . It 's bad enough that this information comes at nearly the end of the book . What 's worse , the integration chapter is only a few pages long , and goes no further -LRB- in fact , does n't even go as far -RRB- as the documentation that 's provided online.This book is a huge disappointment - you are far better served by picking up a good O'Reilly book on servlets/JSP/etc . and figuring out the Tomcat installation/webapp deployment issues on your own .
 This book is good only for the beginner . It scratches onlythe surface for most of the topics . At times , I thought itwas a work in progress , and for some reason , the author wasin a hurry to get the book published . The diagrams are awfulis many places . The total content of this book could be easilysqueezed into less than 70 pages.Most of the stuff explained here is easily available in theform of articles written for OnJava.com by the author himself .
 The book seems to give a detatiled example of how to install on a windows platform , but who care 's , I want to install it on Linux ! There is no detail to get you off the ground .
 Does little more then scratch the surface in most areas.Would only be of any use for the novice.Ken
 This was the only Tomcat book available at the time I was looking , so I decided to pick it up to enhance my knowledge . However , almost all the information I found in it was available , sometimes verbatim , online .
 If you are new to JSP/servlet development or want to know more about Struct or Log4J , this might be what you need . But for those who wanted to get in depth detail on Tomcat , forget it .
 It seems as if the author tried to get the book out the door as quickly as possible . If you are totally new to Tomcat , then you can read the book , but there is not much substance at all for anyone trying to actually implement Tomcat .
 I 've read a quite a few technical books and by far , this one tops the list as being THE worst book I 've ever read . Too much information missing , makes many assumptions that you know what you 're doing . -LRB- If I knew what I was doing with Tomcat , why would I need the book ? -RRB- Unbelievable . HORRIBLE is a word that comes to mind -LRB- among many others that would be `` bleeped '' off of here . -RRB-
 I bought this book when it was first printed hoping for some insight into how Tomcat worked , design decisions , architecture etc. etc.What I got was nothing more than a rehash of the online documentation.A complete waste of money then and utterly worthless now . If you have a copy hang it on a nail .
 This book is very , very superficial . Only a small part of the configuration of Tomcat is covered . Plus , it is certainly outdated today .
 A few weeks ago I came across the Jerome Doolittle book `` Body Scissors '' - his first Tom Bethany mystery novel . It is an excellent book and I was impressed by the quality of writing , the attention to detail and the characterization . I then found and bought Doolittle 's 4th novel , `` Head Lock , '' expecting more of the same high quality work . What a disappointment ! Doolittle , who was a speech writer for former president Jimmy Carter , is still stewing over the fact that Carter was a one-term president . Doolittle 's venomous hate for former president Reagan et al was apparently too much to contain , and in `` Head Lock '' he has a political hissy fit . Throughout the novel he heaps abuse and saracasm on Reagan , George Bush , Christians , pro-lifers , L. A. police , Republicans , Conservatives-any and all that he envisions as an enemy of Carter and the True Left . This book is a political temper tantrum masquerading as a novel . And if the abuse Doolittle shovels out is n't enough to turn you off , the `` heroes '' of this book are -LRB- a -RRB- a prostitute who has murdered two people and repeatedly bedded a teenaged boy ; -LRB- b -RRB- a married mother of two who carries on a steamy affair with the detective hero , while her husband smiles his approval ; -LRB- c -RRB- a detective -LRB- Tom Bethany -RRB- who breaks a dozen laws to entrap and blackmail a cartoon-character anti-abortion leader . Then , at book 's end , Bethany preaches a long , boring sermon to the reader about the efficacy of religious faith vs. good works . What drivel ! I give this book one star -- a star because Doolittle has provided us with compelling written evidence showing why Carter -LRB- and his aides like Doolittle -RRB- were thrown out of the White House after four years .
 I did not receive this item . I filed the claim but I did not hear from the seller at all .
 I did not like this book at all - the author promises to tell all the secret truth about Caruso -LRB- the stuff that has never been told before , you know ... -RRB- - in the end he just tells what everybody already knew , only that he criticizes as much as he can - without any foundation just to reveal the promissed secret . If you 're looking for a good book about Caruso take `` My father and my family '' in the unabridged version by Caruso jr. -LRB- the best ever written about Caruso -RRB- or the book by Michael Scott .
 I would acttualy give it 0 stars . This book accuses the ming and Qing Emperors as horrible rulers and doesnt mention much about the manchus . it also criticies to much about the Qing Dynasty . Also , the information is OUTDATED / along woith many words . DO NOT BUY THIS BOKK ! DONNT EVEN LOOK AT IT !
 I would acttualy give it 0 stars . This book accuses the ming and Qing Emperors as horrible rulers and doesnt mention much about the manchus . it also criticies to much about the Qing Dynasty . Also , the information is OUTDATED / along woith many words . DO NOT BUY THIS BOKK ! DONNT EVEN LOOK AT IT !
 Crystal Phillips gained sooo much self-esteem she had a long term affair with my spouse , which led to years of tension in my family -LRB- did n't know why at the time -RRB- ... WOW Crystal ... I can think of a few titles for your next book . I even remember our chance meeting ... it 's a small world after all !
 It was unreadable , your could not read any page . However , Amazon refunded my money . Amazon is an amazing company , I buy all my books from Amazon .
 3 % Man ? No really ! The title should be more along the lines of , `` How to be a nice guy so women think you might be gay '' . This book teaches you how to be just like all the other guys who do n't get laid and have no clue about women.Corey tells you to take her to dinner -LRB- a nice place -RRB- , pay for the dinner , open her car door , hold her hand -LRB- but only if you get just the right signals -RRB- . If you 're funny , enough of a gentleman and get all the right signals you can go for the goodnight kiss on the doorstep . IF -LRB- and it 's a BIG `` if '' -RRB- she kisses you back then leave her there and call her three days later . It 's absolutely laughable ! You just spent $ 200 on this stranger and maybe you get a kiss ? Um , no thanks . He forgot to tell us about the guy she was texting all during dinner , who 's coming over to have sex with her when you leave . How about teaching us how to be THAT guy?There 's nothing about creating chemistry or sexual tension with women , you know , the stuff that actually makes man-woman interactions fun and exciting . Just be a gentleman and magically , possibly , -LRB- but not likely -RRB- she 'll want to kiss you.Corey tells us the story of a slutty girl at a wedding who gets drunk on wine , invites him back to the hot tub , gives him every sexual sign imaginable , but he `` plays it cool '' and never even kisses her ! Get a clue man ! Seriously , what 's the point ? Actually there 's a bunch of stories of desperate women throwing themselves at Corey and he seems to have no clue its happening . He just stays `` confident '' and `` centered '' and ends up nowhere.This book is a lesson in `` nice guy '' frustration and it 's not worth the 99 cents he 's charging.BTW , I gave it the 2nd star just because it made me laugh .
 This book is in no way ground breaking . It is definitely not worth the amount being charged for it . Most of the information found in it is the same message or principals that can be found online for free , by subscribing to newsletters . The only difference is that the author puts his own experiences into the messages.For me the worst part of the book is the authors inability to maintain a relationship . Yeah he may be dating the women of his dreams , or so he claims , but he has no ability to ever maintain the relationship with them . He always seems to blame them for the reason that the relationship would not work.If you want to be a player and just hook up with women they that is what this book will do for you . If you want to have a long serious committed relationship with a women then look elsewhere . If the author can not even maintain a relationship , they how does he expect to write a book about it . What point is there to finding the women of your dreams if you do not maintain a healthy long last relationship with her?The author has been divorced and has not long lasting committed relationships . `` How to be a 3 % man . '' Hardly !!! `` How to be a 100 % player '' is a better fit .
 I have no idea whether this book has anything of worth to offer because all I found was worthless padding.There was so much padding I had to stop reading a third of the way through.Way overpriced !
 A Philadelphia Catholic in King James ' Court was an interesting book . Not being Catholic , I saw the book in a different light . The book was a bit boring in the beginning speaking of farms and churches in the country . But it grew from a few differences to a spiritual battle between Les ' Church and Michael . The debates towards the end were heated and very valid points presented Michael . However , the antagonists and their opinions were portrayed as ignorant and represented no true Christian views.The book was over all offensive and exemplified the ignorance of the author toward other faiths that are n't Roman Catholic . It gave the reader a disorganized look into the Protestant Religion as a whole , though the author only speaks of Fundamentalists . It seemed vague , unfactual at times , and misrepresented the intended target of the book , Protestants . We do not need books like this that divide our faith but literature to unite us , excluding differences . The legacy of Pope John Paul II actually defies the intentions of this book . His life and death were a testimony to God 's calling , to unite Christianity . I truly admire the Catholic faith , but this book seeks to demonize my faith in which I can not appreciate . I was n't very fond of this book , but it was interesting though I would n't recommend it .
 As a fan of Meg Wolitzer , having loved her other works , I looked forward eagerly to SURRENDER , DOROTHY . Regretfully , I was disappointed . The book takes place over a period of one month , August , as a group of thirty-year-old friends gathers for their annual time in the Hamptons . Although Sara is a doctoral candidate in Japanese history at Columbia , Adam a playwright , Maddy a lawyer , Maddy 's husband Peter a teacher , they continue to rent the same filthy run-down hovel they 've been renting for years . -LRB- Dorm life dies hard . -RRB- Horribly , Sara dies in a car accident as she and Adam are on the way to buy ice cream . The rest of the book and the month are attempts by the friends and Natalie , the dead woman 's mother , -LRB- who inexplicably arrives to spend the time almost in her daughter 's place -RRB- to come to grips with and cope with the tragedy . That this woman , who refused to allow these friends of many years ' standing to attend her daughter 's funeral , now feels a need to mingle with them is a trifle far-fetched . Throughout the month , we see how Sara has been thought of as the best friend of both Maddy and Adam . What is most peculiar is not that Sara and Natalie are close friends , but that their relationship is so all-consuming that every detail of their lives is shared - Every bit of each other 's life is given up whole to the other - every day . The twisted irony of Sara 's having thought at summer 's beginning , that she would spend this August trying to disengage from her obsessive relationship with her mother and her mother 's asking a young Japanese surfer to translate Sara 's notebook and stumbling over `` I love her , but sometimes I want her to leave me the hell alone . I mean , enough is enough '' are the two most poignant moments in the book . Natalie is real , trying to accept the horrific fact of her child 's death ; no more will they say `` Surrender , Dorothy '' at the beginning of each telephone conversation , remembered from a shared passion with THE WIZARD OF OZ . The friends , however , are a trio of self-absorbed superannuated adolescents who , although pushed into the adult world a week early by the house owner 's early return -LRB- Symbolism here ? -RRB- do n't have a clue .
 Gasp ! A fag hag and a gay man , both Jewish ! A married couple with a. . . -LRB- wait , I bet you 'd never guess -RRB- a new BAYBEE ! A world of utter misogyny and lameness where MEN are the center of EVERYTHING , lesbians do n't exist , and stereotypes abound ! Maybe if the entire world was n't fixated on Will and Grace , or `` Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys '' , this book would n't be so totally nauseating . But given that the pathetic woman who is obsessed with gay men who view women as circus clowns , footstools , or train wrecks-in-progress has become such a major overblown cliche , this book really did n't need to be written . Of course , the fact that the pathetic fag hag and the smug superior gay man HAS become a cliche has prompted a million and one books on this subject , trying to cash in on the trend . It is yet another attempt of popular culture to pretend that the gay man/straight woman sidekick pairing is chic , while lesbians -LRB- and both the women and men who love them -RRB- do n't exist . Lame and tiresome , and I hope this trend ends soon .
 What a bunch of adolescents . All pretty self-serving . And dissappointing . I do n't think friendship is too awfully deep when you screw around with your best friend 's husband . Kind of a book about 30 year olds not wanting to grow up - forget the fact that their dear friend has died . And talk about a suffocating mother ... YIKES ! This book is mediocre at best .
 Wolitzer 's book describes the changes in relationships caused by the death of a group of friends ' close friend , Sara . The book follows the lives of four thirty-somethings and Sara 's mother through a period of a month immediately following the death . In these trying times , there is a mass of sexual tension , sexual frustration , professional jealousy and general apathy to the world outside their own summer house . In relaying this interplay , however , Wolitzer fails to fully develop her characters . Everyone exists solely in relationship to someone else and does not have the presence to exist singly . While this does underscore their closeness to Sara and her former position as the nexus of their relationships , it leaves the characters flat and unfulfilling . Even the tensions within the group exist more academically than actually ; Wolitzer fails to convey the deep emotions caused by Sara 's death or the explosive emotions that -LRB- should have -RRB- followed . She also clutters the book by throwing in numerous other issues wholly unrelated to the central theme . Shawn 's fear of AIDS , Nathalie 's reunion with an old high school friend and Peter 's guilt concerning his infidelity do more to add to the comic nature of the story and improve its likelihood of becoming a series of scenes for a soap opera than further along the central theme
 I loved the first chapter of `` Surrender . . '' and then the author killed off the most interesting character ... But even worse , there are huge psychological flaws here ... Flat characters . . Unrealistic portrait of a mother 's grief . . and an ending that is so out of touch with the mother 's reality . . It 's just too light and does n't , as so many books seem not to , deliver on its initial promise ... Yet , on the positive side , the scenes are vivid , memorable and ditto some of the characters . . But that beginning was SO promising . . that the rest drops you into sadness . . not about the death portrayed but about the value of a great story that does n't begin to meet its promise .
 The title of the review says it all . The characters are shallow and the situation is contrived . Reading the entire book was painful , and I would not have continued reading it if it was n't a book club selection . Save your money and your time . Do n't bother reading this book !
 After plodding through a few chapters of these boring characters , I surrendered the book to the stack waiting to go back to the library .
 How an author can create such great characters while writing a novel free from compelling circumstances is surprising . Ho hum , I ca n't believe she 's dead , let 's pour ourself another drink . I ca n't believe her mother showed up , ho-hum let 's pour another drink and watch her clean the house . One big secret does surface , but it is rather mundane in it 's telling . At the end everyone gets better , while the Mom who is easily the most exciting of the group , realizes life does go on after the loss of a child . Even if ` ts is a miserable and shallow existence . Color this whole novel as grey and bland as a grief stricken day in the Hamptons . I was disappointed because I really looked forward to this book , and intead could barely muster the energy to finish it .
 I looked forward to reading yet another Meg Wolitzer novel , and I was very disappointed -- in fact , I lost interest early on and never finished it . Some of the author 's earlier works , such as Sleepwalking and Hidden Pictures , were excellent -- what happened ???
 The book 's horrendous , a waste of money . I could have focused on other books , but sadly , did not . The worst book I have ever read , with poor characters , poor writing . I did not like at all . Was there even an editor ? If you desperately want to give it a try , borrow somewhere -LRB- not that you 'll find it in the library -RRB- ... . just do n't buy it !
 I read this book and hoped against hope for something new in vampire lore but it 's basically the same old stuff not very interestingly written .
 Okay , I 'll admit it was sort of scary , but it got on my nerves how completely unlikeable the characters were . When one of the humans fell prey , I thought ` so what ' ... when one of the vampires was being high and mighty , I thought ` whatever ' . Having the vampires turn into a grotesque , ugly beast is orginal , but actually rather distasteful . It did have a lot of surprise twists to the plot , which saved it from being awful , but I wo n't read it again , and I wo n't keep the book . My biggest complaint is that no one could resist the draw of vampirism ... what absolutely no one ? Come on .
 I thought the author would actually REVIEW the outlet malls , not just tell us where they are -LRB- you can get that for free on the Internet ! -RRB- He warns that not all `` outlets '' really offer great bargains -- but you have to check 'em all out yourself to find out which ones do.And guess what -- he says you can get great prices at Sams , KB Toys , and Tuesday Morning . Well , `` duh '' .
 `` Mr. Cheap '' does n't seem to know anything about most of the wonderful bargain sources that exist in the DC/NoVA area . In this area , we have LOTS of places where people can get end-of-season clothes , returned and unused items of all types , leftovers from building jobs , furnishings from places that have closed -LRB- not the scam ones listed in this book , some of which I checked out only to find ancient junk and NOT the superbuys he claimed -RRB- , cooking supplies , hardware , jewelry supplies , hard-to-find clothing sizes , and many more . Also , his restaurant listings are a joke . Readers would be better off with the archived reviews from the Washington Post . And the paeans to Tuesday Morning and similar chain stores ?? What a joke ! Who needs what are basically Sunday paper ads ? Books like this should have NEW information about one-of-a-kind places , not chains . Whoever put this second edition together copied the good info from the first book but forgot to research almost anything new . Maybe a third edition , with input from REAL investigation will be upcoming . I 'll be waiting .
 I got this book because it had such awesome reviews . I 'm going to be taking a test in the near future , and you 're allowed to use a medical dictionary , and I picked this one.I 've been taking practice tests . On the first practice test I took , the first 6 out of 7 medical terms I tried to look up were n't in the book . I was stunned , and several of them were pretty basic words that I just wanted to get a very clear definition of.I 'm not sure it 's even going to be worth lugging this book to the test , or even keeping the book . I may just sell it and try another book.Jane
 This particular Dictionary does not come with conversion tables , or any of the other information that is advertised with this purchase . All it came with was the Atlas of Anatomy and the word definitions . So very upset with this purchase .
 This book seemed like just another rehash of the basic training storyline from Starship Troopers . But there 's less to it than in Starship Troopers . I do n't like the characters . The only one that says anything other than the `` gee shucks , we 're in the space patrol '' line is an utter creep and many of the scenes just drag along . I heard that kids have liked this book and it seems more written for teenagers than adults , but there 's not a lot to recommend . Only in the last 30 pages does the book pick up and start doing things , but up until then it 's training , training and more training.For better Heinlein books of this style try either Starship Troopers or Podkyne of Mars .
 The author uses Enron as an example of what can happen if his strategies are implemented . Need I say more ?
 Like many others , I picked up this book hoping to get a kernel or two of wisdom on how to consult to those at the top of the leadership pyramid . What I got was disappointing , to say the least . At minimum , this book is mistitled , because the reader is led to expect a comprehensive description about how executive teams function and create the same kind of magic we find with teams elsewhere in the organization . Instead , we are treated to page after page of exhortation , warning against a -RRB- calling an executive team a `` real team '' ; b -RRB- encouraging CEOs to create `` real '' executive `` teams '' and c -RRB- permitting `` undisciplined '' teamwork at the top , lest senior executives suddenly drink the kumbya-flavored Kool-Aid of too much collaborative behavior . There is little of value in this lightly-referenced and illogically-written tome . This is not the book to take on a long plane trip as your only reading , unless you are a big fan of command and control leadership styles .
 I was hugely disappointed with this book . It held such promise of addressing one of the most important barriers to building collaborative behavior in organizations -- the behavior of the senior people.Throughout the book the author seemed to defend the hierarchical behavior of senior executives and diminish team benefits . And it completely missed the essence of teams which is collaboration . Phrases such as `` amorphous groups with overlapping responsibilities , '' `` disrupt the natural order of things , '' `` seldom the best way to get normal work accomplished or routine problems solved , '' `` seldom the fastest way for a group with an experienced , capable leader to get where they are going , '' `` time-consuming ` forming , norming , and storming ' stuff , '' had me wondering if the author really understands collaboration.This book may do more to maintain the traditional topdown , hierarchical decision making model than to foster real collaboration and teamwork .
 I 've owned this cookbook for years . A well-meaning relative gave it to me when I first became a vegetarian 16 years ago , and it 's a good thing that I did n't start to try recipes from this book early on , because I would have given up on vegetarianism . There are some decent bread recipes here , but the remainder are almost uniformly terrible . Nutritious , perhaps , but also tasteless without a seeming thought to presentation or texture . This book represents the worst of early vegetarian cooking in America , and I have yet to prepare a single recipe from this book that I found to be truly appetizing , or that I would -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- serve to guests . I did n't sell my copy because I would n't inflict this sort of thing on an unsuspecting victim - I recycled my copy .
 If I had n't promised to review this book for our school library , I would have stopped reading after the first chapter . This book is not well written , nor are the characters or subplots believable . I ca n't think of a single student I have ever had who I would recommend this book to . Very disappointing .
 Beware
 IT WAS SOOOOO BORING . no action at all . I had to read it for a school project on the holocaust and I ended up changing my book . I personally thought it was n't good .
 When I picked up this book and thought I would be reading experts from the dairies of David , Yitzhak , Moshe , Eva , and Anne but I was wrong . I belive that the book had to many narriations and really did n't see it through the eyes of the teenagers . The book was informative but it lacked the feeling of the Holocaust . The book did tell of the deaths of the teenagers but it did ' t bring out the feelings that I expected . Over all it was an so so book .
 This book was OK . I had to read it for school but I agree that it had way too many narrations in it and the only thing that captured the teens ' feelings and thoughts were the scant entries from their diaries . This book did n't move me at all . If the author had put more of the kids ' entries in it , it might be more effective .
 I ordered Introduction to Social Problems -LRB- 6th Edition -RRB- and they sent me Introduction to Sociology -LRB- 5th edition -RRB- . The books do n't even have the same authors . When I tried to amend the problem they never responded to me .
 Thomas Sullivan attempts to cover a broad array of social problems confronting American society . He addresses race , drugs , crime , social inequality , gender , and many other relevant issues . I found his assessment of these issues superficial often misapplying or incorrectly citing material referenced . His ideology is readily apparent , and throughout most of the book influences his discussion of the issues . Instead of taking an objective and critical look at our social problems , he embarked on a one-sided journey of his personal opinion . Unfortunately , I was required to use this book in a course on Social Issues . I am hopeful that anyone considering this book in the future will see this review and avoid it at all costs .
 I found it interesting . It will be used in an adult ed . class . I will have a better idea of its uses after the class meets and discusses the poems , how it reflects the times and how comfortable gabirol was in Medieval Spain
 Solomon ibn Gabriol 1021-1058 is one of the great Jewish medieval poets and thinkers . He lived a difficult life of wandering . His poetry is filled with a strong sense of the majesty of God . And his works are part of the Jewish liturgy .
 I checked this book out of the library last summer , and while it offers a certain sort sympathy for the plight of the overweight , it really ends up at the same bottom line most eating/diet books do
 This book 's first chapter was good . It explained the complete history of Airedales . However , past page 32 , they did not even mention `` Airedale '' -LRB- it was only written in the captions -RRB- . There were Airedale pictures throughout , but they ended in the middle of the book . The rest seemed like an advertisement for Nylabone . In conclusion , if you are looking for a breed specific book about Airedales , I would not suggest buying this book .
 The layout of the book is very confusing . I studied the book 4 times before leaving home and still could not figure out the relationship of the information to the maps . The written details are in the front and the maps are in the back . The book is broken down in `` Tours '' of each area , but does not tell you which State or Province each tour is in . For example , Tour 2 begins with Wasaga Beach , but did not state where Wasaga Beach was . I had to use another map to locate it . And each Tour gives very few interesting places to visit . One example is Amnicon Falls in Wisconsin , just east of Duluth . They are absolutely beautiful , yet I could not find any information about them in the book . They are , however , noted on the map in the back of the book . I was interested in some of the lighthouses around the Great Lakes , and none were identified in the Tour information as places to visit . Some lighthouses were noted on the maps in the back of the book , yet Split Rock Lighthouse in Minnesota is on the cover of the book !
 I have noted some professional reviews on the Updated NASB . I thought it interesting that it still claims to be the most literal translation used commonly in churches . I will have to disagree . I compared the UNASB with the NKJV , the latter being , in my opinion , more literal than the UNASB , though not maybe moreso than the NASB of the 60 's and 70 's . Both the UNASB and NKJV provide column referencing for more literal translation when the translators were less formal in the actual text . But what I found is that the UNASB had to do this far more often than the NKJV -LRB- I became fatigued with having to look over at the reference column -RRB- . And I found that in more cases , the less literal translation was less supported by the original language and more interpreted by the translators . If I was to return to NASB use , it would have to be the earlier version . I never found it difficult to read or stilted in its flow . In fact , back in the 70 's and 80 's when I and many believers were using the NASB , I never heard a complaint about it being a stiff translation -LRB- I think the issue points more accurately to a lessening of literacy in our country -RRB- . I feet the update was not justified , for readability and certainly not for accuracy . And the earlier was certainly more accurate . For translations using Greek outside of the Received Text or Majority Text , certainly the UNASB would be the most literal , 2nd to its predecessor . But compared translation for translation , the NKJV is more literal and less interpreted in the text itself.Finally , it sometimes takes on the words and phrasing of the NIV , which is dynamic equivalence -LRB- i.e. , interpreted , not translated -RRB- in a high percentage of passages .
 The structure of the text is messed up , because they started every verse on its own new line . Sure , paragraphs are marked by bolding the verse number , but it would be ideal to be able to simply look at the page and see the flow of the text , where the pericopes and paragraphs lay , etc. . I do n't know why they did this ; i would think it would save space to start the next verse right after the previous one , if that is indeed the way it runs in the original -LRB- as the structure has been approximated and passed down -RRB- . Also I think there are some errors in Nathaniel 's review above ; in Gen. 4:1 the text does not literally say `` even Yahweh '' ; the word before `` Yahweh '' is `` et , '' which can be a direct object marker OR a preposition meaning `` with '' ! Also , the Septuagint -LRB- Greek translation of OT -RRB- has `` dia tou theou '' -LRB- `` through God '' -RRB- , which is support -LRB- from tradition anyway -RRB- for taking the `` et '' as a preposition , not a direct object marker here . And the Greek present tense does not always denote a progressive action , especially in non-indicative moods . The english translation `` Knock , '' `` seek , '' etc. can even be understood in english as * implying * a continual action.That 's what is good about the NAS ; they do n't force a certain view of the Greek , but will translate it literally in all its vagueness , allowing for one to see better what the different exegetical options are . E.g. , NAS may render `` body of glory '' -LRB- Phil . 3:21 -RRB- while NIV `` glorious body , '' forcing the relationship between `` body '' and `` glory '' in the Greek to be adjectival , whereas that is just one of many options open in looking at the Greek . `` body of glory '' for instance could also mean that the body is a `` glory-body , '' something constituted in a sense by `` glorified substance . '' One does n't need to know Greek to figure out these options either ; whatever relations one can think of could apply between two words joined with `` of '' could probably work.I gave this a one-star rating because this one issue makes this IMO not worth using , not because all the other aspects of the product are bad -LRB- they are n't -RRB- ; I 'll try and get a new NAS that looks like an actual text and not a disjointed list of proverbs .
 I bought 4 of these Bibles -LRB- same ISBN -RRB- at a local Christian bookstore . They have the imitation leather cover . All of the covers have come unbound from the pages . Very poor quality . I love the NASB , but this is just poorly made .
 I 'm sorry to say this but this book is absolutely horrible . This is my third year in college and this has to be the worst text book I 've ever had . The text is not very informative and the examples are unclear . The book does n't go into detail on most of the basic material . This is NOT a good book for an introductory level circuit analysis course .
 If anyone tells you this is a good book , then they are receiving bribes from Prentice Hall . The only possible explanation I can think of that would explain the use of this book , is if the class is intended to ` weed out ' 90 percent of the students . This is by far the most terrible excuse for a textbook I have ever seen . It teaches the most basic concepts of circuits , but yet it practically assumes you already know them , because it does n't bother to work any examples out . If these authors were teaching nuclear physics , they would give you an intimidating equation , hand you a chunk of uranium , and expect you to build a power plant without hurting yourself . I have found countless typos -LRB- I might mention that I own the 6th edition -RRB- , several problems that even my professor claims are incorrect , and most of all , I can not follow the logic presented whatsoever . I have taken many classes that were extremely difficult , and for the most part , I have done well . However , this book presents material that is trivial in comparison , but the book goes right over my head . Only after the professor ` decodes ' the text can I understand what the authors intended to say . I will also add that I took 4 semesters of calculus through a distance learning class where I had no instructor at all and got As in all of those classes . I am perfectly capable of understanding a well written book . This book is truly so poor , I would be impressed if Einstein himself did n't scratch his eyebrows off after reading it.Please , for the love of all things sacred , complain to everyone you know about this textbook so it can disappear from the shelves of University bookstores .
 I 'm a second year EE engineering student with 20 years of electronics background in repairing , circuit analysis , and troubleshooting . This book is absolutly worthless . The auther jumps to great leaps of understanding with littel or no background to show the student how they got to those conclusions . The examples are non excistant . They use `` conventional current '' which is really backward to reality . It used to be called `` hole theory '' back in the day . Go with Boylstead or somone who has a clue about teaching . If your a beginning electronics student , forget this book , you 'll be lost by the 1st chapter . There are countless problems too lengthy to go into detail here . If your school is using it , spend the extra money and get somthing to actually learn from , just to pass the course .
 This text book is absolutely horrible . I 'm a third-year Mech Eng student . I 've taken plenty of classes on hard subjects , so I know when a text book just plain sucks . This book does a pathetic job of explaining examples and basic concepts . I 've spent hours trying to figure out assumptions that they should have just mentioned in the first place . And the poorly explained examples do n't prepare you for the actual chapter problems . Because of the `` wordy '' writing style of the authors , basic concepts sound more complicated than they actually are ; getting through the reading is a slow and tedious process.The book is utterly sterile . The only colors you 'll see inside it are black and a little blue ; there is n't even a picture of an actual circuit in this book . It 's like it 's writen for a machine .
 The examples which were given in the textbook were way too simple when you compare to the homework problems . Never explain how to do bode plot at all . I am glad I know how to do differential equations before taking the class , otherwise , to use the method that taught by this book , I would be dead . They never explain well on those differential equations and the concept behind .
 This book is not very helpful ! It needs better examples and more info . I was disapointed , would not reccomend getting this book
 This book was required for a course , and the previous reviewers are correct ... this book sucks . Also , I ordered the hardcover edition of this book , yet amazon in it 's infinite wisdom -LRB- or is that total stupidity -RRB- sent me the softcover edition . Three weeks into the course and the binding is failing . Ca n't return the book because I need to have it in class , and I refuse to spend more money with a company that is unable to fulfill a simple order . Amazon , you suck at least as much as this book does ! Perhaps Barnes and Noble will know the difference between hardcover and softcover .
 A book with a heavily religious slant . Anyone expecting a scientific discussion of sexual addiction should be prepared to read that `` God has responded to the arrogance of the human heart by turning people over to the control of their evil desires '' .
 This is by far the worst book I have ever read on this topic . People with sexual addictions are not going to be helped by such bible-thumping judgments . So much talk of sin will only lead to more shame , not less . As Schaumburg recognizes that shame is such a large part of sexual addiction , you would think he would have avoided such heavy-handednessBesides , one has to assume that anyone bothering to read such a book already knows he/she has a problem . If they do n't know , this will probably not convince them - it will only make them tune Shaumburg out as a throw-back to the '50s . It really is too bad , because the section concerning how to prevent sexual addiction in their child is very good .
 This book was a complete turnoff . Instead of relating to scientific , psycological explanations of sexual addiction , the author blames everything on lack of closeness with God and not being saved by Jesus Christ . This author could use a good shrink . Take respondsibilty for your actions . Is God or the absense of him respondsible for everything . What a crank . Buy this book and go to seminary school . What a waste of time and money . Pure garbage . Now I need to buy another book to find out about my sexual addiction -LRB- psycologically -RRB- not spiritually .
 As a Psychologist specializing in the field of sexual health , I am utterly shocked and dismayed at this book . For those suffering from sexual addiction or for their partners who are looking for some peace , please do not invest in this propaganda . This book is not based on the science of either psychology or sexual health and is nothing more than the worst aspect of religious dogma and will ultimately result in further suffering . This type of hate mongering , intolerant , uneducated mindset is what has led to many of history 's most devastating atrocities , done in the name of `` God . '' A basic ethic of psychology and counseling is that that counselor or professional does not impose his or her own values upon their patients . Shame on you for writing such a book and calling yourself a counselor . You are an embarrassment to those of us who have dedicated our lives to trying to relieve human suffering .
 I 'm a Stanford-trained MD and practicing psychiatrist and I have to say that this book is worse than terrible . It is the most dangerous kind of religious propaganda mixed in with a hefty dose of hateful , spurious , ignorant ideas .
 The trouble starts early . There is an apologetic preamble which states that the author -LRB- s -RRB- would not dedicate precious space to titles that which are well known and well documented beyond the gaming community . This is an enormous assumption about the general public 's knowledge - both of video games and more-so it 's history of design . Many people that have heard of these games or have seen their children watch the TV-spinoffs , most likely would not be able to identify what the games actually look -LRB- ed -RRB- like.Even though Mario , Zelda , Pokemon , Donkey Kong , Defender , Asteroids , Missile Command , Frogger , etc. are mentioned briefly there are no images of these classic games for us to -LRB- a -RRB- review and recognize , and -LRB- b -RRB- learn from . If this is supposed to be a sort of retrospective of the graphic art of game design -LRB- this is not about studies of techniques for rendering -RRB- then why not show some of these all-time classics as well as the ` new-time ' classics ? The latter are better represented but some of the choices and omissions are rather questionable . The brief smattering of ` classics ' that are shown tend to represent more human and figurative character styles in games rather than ` iconic ' which to me lacks in breadth of representation.Beyond this , much of the work - but not all - feels and looks rather ` same-y ' to me . Lots of brooding dark scenes and characters inspired by countless horror/goth/fantasy masters . When there is mention of games that are actually considered contemporary-art on display at world-famous museums , such as `` Rez , '' -- we are not shown ANY images of these because space was taken up by two nearly identical renderings of Lara Croft in the same spread . At this point one has to ask oneself
 Nearly every single piece of art in this entire book is from XBOX or XBOX 360 . Plus , most of the art really is n't all that good . As the other 2-star reviewer said , where 's Frogger ? Where 's Zelda ? More importantly , where are the Gamecube games with great graphics ? Twilight Princess & Super Mario Sunshine had amazing graphics . I do not recommend this to any non-XBOX fanboys .
 This book was written more than 45 years ago and it shows ; there have been much new data on middle eastern mythology , particularly concerning Judeo-Christian mythology.Hooke , unlike Joseph Campbell in his books , shows his obvious pro-Christian bias
 I have been reading Victorian erotica for a very long time . I realize that spanking and whipping are frequent themes in Victorian erotica . Also , it 's common for men in these novels to more or less force themselves on women . I expect some of that , and usually overlook those parts figuring that 's part of the historical context . However , this book contains way too much rape and sexual violence for my taste , and very little that is erotic.The first book is The Instruments of Passion . A young girl is a prisoner in a `` monastary '' of sorts . She is beaten by the monks each night . When she reaches a milestone birthday each monk rapes her while she is tied up and struggling . I did n't finish this book . It was all ugly to me . However , if you like S&M ; or have gang rape fantasies you might like it.The second book is The Misfortunes of Mary . In this one a Madam lures a young innocent girl into her house by placing a fake ad for a secretary . The young lady finds herself locked into a room with a retired Colonel who rapes and beats her . Unbeknownst to both the colonel and the victim , three men are paying to watch the rape . After the colonel leaves those three men also rape and beat the poor girl . However , one girl was not enough for them , so they have the daughter of one of the three men brought in , and she is also raped and beaten . Not at all erotic to me , but it may be to some.The third book is a collection of stories listed as being by Anais Nin `` and friends . '' These are better . There is one very lovely story about a soldier who spend the night in an attic with his ladylove . It is her first time with a man . No rape , no beating . I really liked that story , but it is not worth the price of the whole bookThe final book is Innocence . This one is very strange , and only partly about sex . A young girl is confined to bed . She and her parents know she will eventually die . Although her parents are concerned and caring , she hates them . She is filed with dark , secret thoughts of hatred . She is extremely spoiled and unsympathetic . As her condition worsens a nursemaid is brought in . The girl and the nursemaid have some lesbian sex , even though the girl dislikes the nursemaid and thinks of her only as a servant . The girl wants to know about male female sex . She forces the nursemaid to seduce her father . The girl pretends to be asleep , while the nursemaid seduces him to have sex right in the same bed with his invalid daughter . The second part of the book is told from the point of view of a young male cousin who arrives from France . He knows the girl is dying . His goal is to set himself up as the heir to the family fortune . He and his father use women and sex for financial gain . He is a nasty piece of work , as bad as his sickly cousin . The sex scenes in this book are not especially explicit or well described , which is fine because none of the characters were inspiring anyway . You might read this last book because it is oddly interesting , but it is in no way erotic.I think there is a good reason that most of these books are `` lost '' as the anthology title states .
 It 's a great book . But the Mindstorms microproessor is now NXT -- it has been updated . Until this book is updated , you 'd be better off to find a good book which is based on the NXT system .
 I have an eight year old that loves Mindstorms and needs the step-by-step instructions that Lego generally provides . Looks great for older kids.Also , its NOT NXT .
 Well , I expected this to contain a bunch of character sheets customized for the different occupations . Instead all it is is a few character sheets that have the picture from the main book of the different drawings of the different occupations and then a bunch of blank character sheets that you can download from the website for free . Also they are bound in the book so you ca n't take them out to photo copy them without tearing them out , or you just leave them in there but there is no customization at all . They 're all the same . Really not worth buying . Just go to www.sengoku.com and download the character sheet for free and if you really want a picture in the blank space just photocopy it from the main book and paste it in .
 This book is another example of `` hands-off '' scholarship in that it appears as if the editor never visited Montgomery but rather relied on secondary sources . Though there are numerous excerpts , the editor did not perform the necessary research which would have revealed -LRB- a -RRB- that the Boycott had its roots within the American labor movement and , more specfically , events which happened in Birmingham , Alabama , during the 1930s and -LRB- b -RRB- there probably still exists in the archives of the Montgomery Improvement Association or in at least one other place financial and other records not taken to the King Center which would have told an in-depth story using primary sources . In summary , in deciding whether to purchase this book -- pass !
 I decided to read this after seeing all the glowing reviews here . HA-don ' t believe that hype . I am a Stephen King/Dean Koontz fan and thought this book was AWFUL . None of the characters are fleshed out-you do n't feel anything for them . They are cold and unrealistic . The plot is predictable and ridiculous . Skip this one ...
 I read this book as a result of reading the reviews at this site . While the story held my interest and I had to see it through , I thought the writting was corny and the dialogue phony and juvenille . Eventually all of the sexual overtones became annoying and unrealistic . Perhaps the author would have had better success as a `` Young Adult '' writter , because , despite the sex , that is how this book came across .
 It has been a while since I read this book , but I absolutely hated it . In particular , I did not like how the 2nd Zina was treated .
 Mary Daheim has obviously NOT had a hip replaced or she would of known that you DO need a walker and not just a wheel chair to get around after and that physical therapy starts one day after surgery . Also the obnoxious Renie sounds like a real jerk with all her screaming and whatever in a hospital . One sure can not wash their hair and take a shower after shoulder surgery either . This it the first book of the series I 've read and do n't know if I want to read another silly one of hers . Mary Daheim should do more research on her books and quit putting them out so fast !!!!
 I read both series written by Mary Daheim and I have to say , right away , that I prefer the Alpine Mysteries to this series , Bed-and-Breakfast . This series tends toward too much silliness at times and there also tends to be too many deaths in each one -LRB- Snow Place to Die , for example , was right up there on par with a slasher movie -RRB- . As well , some of the guests in this series lean toward stereotypical cartoons rather than characters . That being said , this book falls right in line with the others of the series , perhaps a little worse than most of the previous ones . Both Judith and her cousin Renie are in the hospital for operations when a murder occurs , following two suspicious deaths having already taken place . The mystery in this one is fairly easy to solve and the pacing is slow - it would take a really strong writer to make a full-length novel that takes place almost entirely in one hospital room seem exciting . I found myself more interested in the personal progress of Judith 's life - will Mike finally find out that Joe is his father , not Dan ? How is Gertrude 's progress into senility?I rate this one 2 stars as it is less than average for this series . Have to say that I am more looking forward to the next Alpine mystery much more than the the next one in this series , `` Silver Scream . ''
 An anemic effort from someone who is touted on the cover as a best-selling author . I 'd go back and check out the titles that gave her that status instead of reading this book.Very weak characters , an obvious mystery , too-convenient plot devices every other page , cheap shocks that make you feel stupid when you find out what they are , characters that literally fall into the hospital room so they can spill their guts -- or confessions -- to our bed-ridden mystery solver ... And someone has the gall to compare her to Miss Marple . -LRB- She blushes modestly when they do so . -RRB- Search a little farther on Amazon and I 'm sure you 'll find something that is worth your time . Try Janet Evanovich or Katy Munger . Their stuff will treat you as if you 're an adult reader and not a child .
 Suture Self begins with two sleuthing cousins scheduled for surgery at Good Cheer Hospital . Two famous people have already ended up dead and a third expires as the cousins recuperate . There were so many weakneses in this story that when I put the book down it was hard to pick up again . First , it 's unlikely that strangers would stream into their room to fill them in on things that were none of their business . Second , the drug and homeless angles were flimsy nonsense . Third , and most annoying , was that Renie person . Why would a writer , having the power to create likeable characters in prominent positions in a story spawn something like Renie Jones ? The cursing , screaming , unsympathetic attitude , etc. was WAY over the top and detracted from the weak plot . Lastly , there was no element of surprise at the end . Who did n't figure out that Jim was the killer half way through the book?This was my introduction to this B&B series . If I read any of the others they will be checked out of my local library.CM Miller -- Author , What She Left Behind
 I have read each Bed & Breakfast thru # 25 . I kept hoping that Mary Daheim might get back into her groove . Not so . Somewhere along the line , the books have lost their charm . Renie has developed a severe overbite , with prominent front teeth , which is heavily focused on in the last few books . She has also gotten quite an attitude , making it difficult to get along with anyone . Added to that is Renie and Bill 's ridiculous storyline of dressing their pet bunny , and in other books , being obsessed with their stuffed gorilla . They even go so far as to have Oscar the gorilla held hostage and have to negotiate for him ! PLEASE!Gertrude 's acided tongue has never entertained me , as realistically no one would put up with the verbal abuse heaped on throughout the years . Judith has turned into a doormat.On the plus side , I have read most of the Alpine Series , and so far they are delightful . But I will pass on the Bed & Breakfast series from now on .
 I was utterly confused as to when this story was supposed to have taken place . It apparently takes place before the passing of the Health Information Portability Protection Act , which is the law that can cost treatment professionals - like nurses and psychologists - their license if they are so casual with tossing around privileged information about their patients . I read the reference to the nurse 's starched uniform and cap , and figured it must be before the eighties when they all started wearing scrubs . Then I read the warning by one of the antagonists about `` snoopy reporters '' and figured it must be from the Scooby Doo era . Then I read about Mirror Twins and how twins that face each other in the womb wind up as a mirror image of each other , and decided it must be from the early 1900s . The dialog -LRB- Torchy McGee ?? -RRB- told me it was an old Lucy and Ethel episode from the 60s , but then the references to Nike and hip replacement surgery confused me yet again.Finally , the literary cliches caused me to give up on it altogether ; I no longer cared who killed the celebrities or why . Yikes .
 Yes it is truly amazing what the man accomplished andI can not take anything away from his feat.His book , on the other hand , I was sorry that I bought.After the first 3 chapters I gave up . Barely making itout of the desert . Maybe I 'll pick it up at a later datebut I just got tired of `` Day 1
 This book suffers from ; 1 . terrible writing and 2 . a story that is only mildly interesting in the first place.The writing : Somewhere in the book it is mentioned that Holtel is a man of few words . This becomes painfully obvious in the first few pages of the book . The book is basically a day by day journal of his runs . Every day 's entry reads pretty much the same - difficult hills , rocky descents , etc. . He does little , if anything , to describe the beauty surrounding him , the people he encounters , or even a brief history of the trail.The story : The author likes to say that he `` ran the Pacific Crest Trail '' . While this is technically true he did not cover it in one stretch - as I think most people would assume from this statement . It took him over three summers to cover the distance . This undoubtedly was a great way to spend three summers but in my book it does n't make him out to be the great hero he would like to be.He also likes to repeatedly tell about how difficult it was and how amazed everyone he met on the way was when he told them what he was doing . This gets very tiresome very fast .
 This CD was really only an overview of self talk , and did n't provide any real self talk , like a Shad Helmstetter or other more well known writer .
 This is the script for the stage play , which has been updated for modern times . If you are looking for the script for the 1987 film , keep looking .
 if you like history books read this , if not dont waste your time its boring from beginning to end but it gives you a good idea of what life was like for afro \ amer . after the civil war
 This book starts with the usual ` bread book ' introduction -- explaining different grains , various methods of making bread , equipment etc. . Then half of the book is devoted on introducing breads in different regions of the world . The rest is bread recipes from each part of the world.The pictures are nice and gives us an idea of what bread is in Germany , in France , in Japan , in the middle east . However , when I tried a couple of the recipes , they all turned out below average -- and I am experienced in bread-making . I would suggest people who want to ` bake ' to look somewhere else , such as ` the village baker '
 I am disappointed that the book has not yet come . I have always used Amazon and never had a problem before . I assume the seller is to blame . My calls have produced no results
 Welcome to the nonsensical ramblings of the Trofim Lysenko of US musicology , Joseph Kerman . The bilious opinions of Kerman , a conformist snob whose lack of depth , judgment or taste is meant to be obscured by relentless aggression and malevolence , are best ignored , or even used as a reverse guide . The opera lover does not need to care about what this intellectual dwarf has to say . But I pity those for whom Kerman 's opinion has ever mattered professionally .
 Emily Bransbury 's mom just died a week ago , her best friends mom was arrested for haelping the assasanation of Aberaham Lincoln . Now she needs to live with her Uncle Valentine . But when Emily finds out about his night life she puts her and her uncle in danger.My opinion is that it was to long for me . After a week of reading it I was sick of it . Plus it was way to slow.I wouldnt reccomend this book because in some spots its hard to tell whats happening . Plus it is long enough you may not want to read the end.I would say its a good book for book clubs . You could help each other with the confusing stuff , and with the words . For people my age i read it a long time in advance .
 Well , to be really honest with you , I did n't like this book . Personally , I though Ann Rinaldi could 've done a little better . Some parts are interesting and maybe even suspensful , but the rest is kind of dull . At some points in the book , Emily , the main character , is lying so much to her Uncle Valentine and is being so selfish , it 's like , `` okay , so when 's she going to tell the truth or at least realize what she has done ? ''
 This book is really exciting ; from the first chapter only . I am going to be honest with you , because if I raved about how wonderful and exciting this book was , it would be a lie . It was written with appropreate remarks and English grammer , but sometimes storys just do n't get you in the heart . This perticular one did n't . But there are her other books , which I would say , are a masterpiece !
 Emily Bransbury 's mom just died a week ago , her best friends mom was arrested for haelping the assasanation of Aberaham Lincoln . Now she needs to live with her Uncle Valentine . But when Emily finds out about his night life she puts her and her uncle in danger.My opinion is that it was to long for me . After a week of reading it I was sick of it . Plus it was way to slow.I wouldnt reccomend this book because in some spots its hard to tell whats happening . Plus it is long enough you may not want to read the end.I would say its a good book for book clubs . You could help each other with the confusing stuff , and with the words . For people my age i read it a long time in advance .
 A fan of Rinaldi , I was looking forward to reading this book . The original plot was set up well , but as I read on it became more gruesome and frightening with every page . Its title says it all
 I am a professional player and teacher with students ranging from beginner to adult.First the good things
 I bought this to listen to a sax play better than me . No sax playing ! Just a lame tone to follow along with .
 As soon as I had read the first few sentences of the review I immediately knew that the author had based this story on a song by Loreena McKennitt called `` The Highway Man '' , from her 1997 CD `` Book of Secrets '' . Since Ms. McKennitt is on of my favorite composers I had to read the book.Unfortunately the book did not do justice to the song or the woman who wrote the song . Did the author have permission to write this . I 'm sorry but listening to the song is preferable .
 This is not a good atlas at all . Maps are small and you ca n't find many of the cities , let alone small towns in europe , at least in southeastern europe . Waste of money .
 This is a book that has a chapter on the Breed itself . Great Pictures of Bassets . And then it is a general dog Information Book.I was looking for a Book that would be much more specific about Basset Hounds and not a product catalog .
 I got the 1995 edition of this when I got my Basset . I enjoyed the MANY photos of Bassets , but was disappointed that most of the book appears to be a generic insert that fits in ANY general dog book complete with lots of advertisements for miscellaneous dog stuff . It looks like there is a fill in the blank form used to create the books where you type in a few breed-specific details and lots of photos and -- presto ! -- a new book.Less than 30 pages -LRB- of 224 -RRB- are specific to Bassets .
 I got the 1995 edition of this when I got my Basset . I enjoyed the MANY photos of Bassets , but was disappointed that most of the book appears to be a generic insert that fits in ANY general dog book complete with lots of advertisements for miscellaneous dog stuff . It looks like there is a fill in the blank form used to create the books where you type in a few breed-specific details and lots of photos and -- presto ! -- a new book .
 I found that the style of the book was more about the author showing off his knowlege , rather than presenting the information . There are few examples , and the ones that are there , are poorly explained . There is a severe lack of organization - he just seems to spew information . At times he shows us his humor - not very funny , but the most readable part of the book.He spends too much time bashing C and C++ . -LRB- Does he think it makes him look smart ? -RRB- I want to learn Java , not compare it to other languages and think how great I am for using it -LRB- like he does -RRB- . One has to know C++ to understand what he 's saying . In general , if you know already OOP and C++ this book will be good for you , otherwise STAY AWAY !!!
 Rushed to press , not all of the Java2 API is included in this volume . I loved Java 1.1 and Beyond , but I wasted my money on this one ...
 I got this book for my programming class and I had no programming experience before . I hate this book ! Maybe some people who have a little background would like it better .
 The book was n't as great as the reviews said it was . The explanation on many of the topics was sketchy and did n't have the detail I expected -LRB- e.g. AWT -RRB- . It 's probably a better book if you already know Java and are looking to catch some of the finer points . I do n't recommend it for absolute beginners .
 I previously wrote a scathing review of this bad book . And I was quite annoyed to find that some one posing to be me , Michael G from Passaic NJ , said that I was mistaken for my previous diatribe of the book . I 'm not sure who it was . Obviously someone figured that I was not going to read the reviews again . I 'm not sure who it was.I still maintain that the beek is BAD . It seems that some one is trying to sell this at all costs . This makes me very suspicious of all Amazon reviews . Sorry : -LRB- MG
 I am a computer Science student at the university of new brunswick and i felt that this book was a complete waste of time . The author would introduce new topics and then jump into rather difficult examples with very little explanations . I would recommend that anybody interested in learning java to not buy this book .
 I have learned Java from `` Core Java '' . It was a wonderful book . I just picked up this one and before I even finished the first chapter I was so sick and full with all propaganda the author tries to make me believe . He should know to treat us professional developers better than this . I rate it 2-star instead of 1 even before I read the book because I want to be fair with him . When I finally get back to my sense and sit down to read this book I may think it deserve a better rating or maybe worse . Who know ?
 The author has such an ego problem , that he does n't take the time to actually `` teach '' people.Couple of examples -LRB- loosely quoted -RRB- - `` I hate gridbaglayout , and am hoping it disappears someday , therefore I 'm not going to show you how to do it '' -LRB- GridBagLayout is the standard way that EVERYBODY uses to layout a GUI , to not include this in a supposed beginner 's intro to Java is shameful -RRB- . `` I 'm going to put all my variables at the bottom of the file instead of the top , so that you can think more about the methods and stop thinking so much about the variables '' . -LRB- Who said I think too much about the variables ? Again , the standard is to put the variables at the top -RRB- . I do n't even think this book is good as a reference , too disjointed , not structured enough to find info quickly . On top of that , there 's an incredible amount of basic stuff left out.Too reiterate , this is absolutely the worst Java book I 've read . I 've read about 6 of them now on Java , but I guess about 20 in computer programming in general , and I 've never seen an author so blatantly use a book as a way to show off how clever he can be .
 This book was my pick based on the reviews . I know how to write code in VB , and Cobol . I was wrong in getting this book though . The author feels a good way of teaching Java is to relate everything in terms of how it was done in C , and how its done `` now '' in Java . This really bugs me . Not only that but the fact that he does this `` some light relief '' at the end of hard to understand sections . This really bugged me . Not only does he not explain the stuff well , because he wastes time explaining how its done in `` C '' . But then wastes space telling stupid stuff i did n't pay for . If i wanted to laugh i would have bought a delbert book . Through the whole book there were area i did n't understand anything , and then he made it worse by giving examples in C. I got the feeling that if i did n't know C i was not in the crowd he was talking to . I wanted to just focus on learning Java , not learning C and C++ also . It made my head red angry trying to figure out what was going on some times with all these C examples . I talked with a friend who already knew C , and it made sense to them . So i guess if you already know C , this is going to be your book for learning Java . But if your new to this stuff i would buy a much better book like , Beginning Java 2 , which is more complete , and starts from the bottom line . The pics in this book are good . Thats the reason i gave this book a 2 star , thats all i got out of it .
 This is not a good Java book . It goes too fast over topics that should be covered in more depth , lacks examples , mentions concepts never explained before , and the teaching style is horrible . If you want a thorough introduction to Java , with plenty of examples , and a well-organized method of teaching , do not buy this book , instead get `` Beginning Java 2 '' by Ivor Horton . `` Just Java '' seems like was written to simply let you know that the language exists and it has this and this feature , but it does n't teach how to use them . I do n't even see it as being a good reference book . The 5-star reviewers must have been paid to give such good comments on this book .
 This book does not treat any topic in detail . If you just want to skim through Java concepts at 10,000 feet this is the correct book for you . The print is very sparse with lots of not very useful -LRB- rather large -RRB- images.I got mis-guided by all those 5-Star reviewes .
 This book does not have any order , take a look at the chapter `` FILE I/O '' , after reading that chapter the only program you can write and test is only a lame example of how to copy 2 files . After reading other books and references I found that explanation in this book about streams character-based and byte-based is totally confused and mixed , there is no explanation about high level or low level streams and everything is so confused if you have not done anything with Java . Other subject is Exceptions , how come 10 pages of text -LRB- with listing examples -RRB- is going to explain exceptions , just showing a chart of the class is not enough . I think this book does not help anybody who wants to learn Java or to someone who is doing some programming on java already , because there are better sources that this one .
 This book leaves much to be desired . Take the chapter called `` All About Applets '' for example . It briefly covers how browser and applets interact , parameter passing , key applet methods , and jar files , but it does not put together a cohesive , clear , practical example in the whole chapter . The best example they have is displaying a jpeg file extracted from a jar file . When am I ever going use that ? Try putting together an useful applet for your web page from reading that chapter -- I know I could n't . Fragmentation and lack of good examples occur through much of the book.Don ' t be fooled . This book had a 4 1/2 star rating this book had when I ordered it -LRB- with many reviews -RRB- , and it 's definitely not deserving of the 4 star rating it has now .
 The way he used to explain the topics are confusing . . I was very excited to buy this book but found it difficult instead of having C and C++ knowledge .
 If you want to learn Java in a hurry , go for this book . But if you have some time at your hands , forget it . I say this because of the following 1 - It 's a small book on a big language which means brief explanations and very few examples .2 - Even with this size , the author has wasted quite a lot of book space to show his sense of humor -LRB- which I did n't find very humorous , sorry Peter -RRB- .3 - The book is not very well organized .4 - The author claims that you do n't need to know C++ to learn Java from this book . I find this claim a bit ambitious . Specially when author himself refers to different aspects of C++ to clarify certain concepts.In short , if you want to read some jokes , learn how to make a paper airplane which can carry payload -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- , know authors views about how software are and should be named , read some inside information on Sun Systems , enjoy digs at Microsoft and learn Java , buy the book now . But if you just want to learn Java in an organized and professional manner , read Wrox Press ' book `` Beginning Java 2 '' by Ivor Horton . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Not a very good book to learn Java . I found that the book does n't organized very well , and you will still get confused if you are a beginner even after you read the book throughly .
 I thought I 'd be able to learn Java from this book , but after a few chapters I was totally frustrated by the way the author attempts to teach you Java in terms of C or C++ , neither of which I know , neither of which are necessary to learn Java.I found the book condescending to non C and C++ programmers , and the order of subjects he chooses to teach Java is wierd.If you want to learn Java and do n't know C or C++ , do not look here , go to Dietel and Deitel 's `` Java
 The title of this book should have been , `` Java for C/C + + Programmers '' . It is mostly a comparison of C/C + + programming to Java , heavy on the C part . But that is not the only problem . The author 's writing style is more aimed at puffing up his own image than simple exposition of the subject . On page 91 he states , `` In 1993 , I coined the term ` Bubbabyte ' to describe 2 ^ 64 bytes . Just as 2 ^ 10 bytes is a kilobyte , -LSB- ... -RSB- so 2 ^ 64 is a Bubbabyte . '' He should have coined the term ` BubbaBrain ' to describe himself . A much better book is `` Core Java , Vol 1 '' , by Cay S. Horstmann , Gary Cornell .
 This book has some excellent reviews . As a student that has studied a few other languages , including OOP languages , I felt that this was the least helpful of all starting books that I 've picked up . The code examples do not give you any inkling of how a real Java program may be used . The features of the Java language are introduced without explaining why they are needed and how they are actually used in real programs . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would like a clear example of the Java language .
 The reviews here are deceiving . Trust me . Unless you have already read another book on Java , you will have a hard time understanding it . The examples are fragmented and never complete . The author assumes that you know Java already and did not even bother to provide examples for many of the concepts . This may be a good book for intermediate level JAVA programmers , but it is definitely not for beginners . If I did n't know C++ at all , I would have thrown this book into the trash can the first day I read it . This ranks up there as one of the worst programming books I 've ever read , a total waste of my hard-earned money . Thanks to the deceiving reviews , I now need to spend more money to get a real beginner JAVA book .
 not suited for beginner 's should have qiute lucid explationsi dont recommend for new commers to java
 The book is very poorly written . It does n't have enough solid complete examples to cover a topic . The author tries to rush through and cut corners at every place . The author does n't realize that theory is best when it is coupled with complete examples . Even the CD is poorly organized and does n't flow with the book . I 'd give this a -1 star if I could.I think the book `` core java 2 '' is much better .
 I bought this book after reading the reviews . The impression I had was that this would be an excellent introduction to Java . What I discovered is that this book ASSUMES KNOWLEDGE OF C++ . If you dont have some background in C++ , then skip this and go for something else !
 Firstly , Amazon 's own review about this book - `` If you want to learn Java FROM ZERO ... '' is entirely misleading . The author has written this book as if he is talking to his collegues -LRB- who obviously know Java -RRB- over the coffee table . If you want to learn Java from Zero , are new to programming concepts , OOPS etc. just stay as far as possible from this book and PLEASE dont go by the 4 and 5 stars this books has.THIS BOOK IS NOT FOR BEGINNERS and I STRONGLY REQUEST AMAZON to remove their recommentdation about this book for beginners.I have returned this book and am pretty comfortable with the following two books Thinking in Java and Beginning Java2 .0 Please trust me and dont waste your time and energy and money on any other books to learn Java .
 If you want to learn Java in a hurry , go for this book . But if you have some time at your hands , forget it . I say this because of the following1 - It 's a small book on a big language which means brief explanations and very few examples .2 - Even with this size , the author has wasted quite a lot of book space to show his sense of humor -LRB- which I did n't find very humorous , sorry Peter -RRB- .3 - The book is not very well organized .4 - The author claims that you do n't need to know C++ to learn Java from this book . I find this claim a bit ambitious . Specially when author himself refers to different aspects of C++ to clarify certain concepts.In short , if you want to read some jokes , learn how to make a paper airplane which can carry payload -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- , know authors views about how software are and should be named , read some inside information on Sun Systems , enjoy digs at Microsoft and learn Java , buy the book now . But if you just want to learn Java in an organized and professional manner , read Wrox Press ' book `` Beginning Java 2 '' by Ivor Horton . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This book is an absolute waste of money . I have more than three years of programming experience in procedural languages like COBOL . I am familiar with C. I am familiar with basic OO concepts . I thought I was an intelligent and competent programmer . This book did its best to destroy my confidence.To be frank
 Just Java 2 is very readable , but it does not do a very good job of teaching Java or OOP . I 'd read a chapter and feel like I had a fairly complete understanding . But when I tried to apply what I learned , I always struggled . The problem for me was his examples are way too fragmented and incomplete . I spend lots of time reviewing FAQ sites for descent examples.I would not recommend this book.FYI - I am new to OOP , but relatively experienced with C , ADA , Fortran , ...
 The back cover mentions it is a book for people with `` programming backgrounds '' . I thought that meant any programming language , and I figured expertise in Turbo Pascal would count , but what it should say is `` C/C + + expertise '' . If you know diddly about OOP , it does n't help very much . It as easy to read statements like `` you invoke the method call implicitly by instantiating the object with a reference . '' Mr. Van der Linden is evidently a great programmer , but not a very good teacher . If you know zilch about OOP , C , or C++ , pass this one up .
 Cheaply made and difficult for little hands to slide peek a boo parts . Would n't but it again . Not manufactured well-it looked old after just a few minutes of handling .
 This is not a book so much as a bunch of quotes made by Tozer , put together in a way to look pretty and make the publisher some $ $ off people like me who love Tozer 's works . There is nothing of value here . Read the Pursuit of God by Tozer if you you want something to challenge you and guide you , not this .
 This is man-worship at its most blatant ! The Tozer quotes are good , of course , but they are much better read in their context . The compiler 's have seen a way to make a quick buck on Tozer 's popularity and the page titles are crass , tasteless and irrelevant . The Bible verses that are supposed to associate with each quote bear little relevance , and add nothing to the quote . This is a waste of money at any price ! We find on the back that this booklet is part of a series . Others in the series include Moody , Wesley , Luther , and ... Larry Burkett -LRB- whoever HE is ! -RRB- Please save your money and time . This one ended up straight in the bin . To me it is worse than pure secularism and borders on blasphemy ! It 's sick !
 por favor no gaste su dinero en este pesimo y mediocre libro , , lo unico que la mujer y el chino hacen es mostrar su impresionante flexibilidad , pero nada mas , , no aportan tecnicas reales ni explicaciones para llegar a ese estado.me parece mas bien que los autores lo que quieren es que la gente sepa que ellos tienen una super-flexibilidad impresionante.este es solamente un librito y nada mas , , muy , , muy pero muy mediocre
 Missing content is not acceptable for publishing books , either paper version or digital version ! Please fix the problem , Amazon !!!!
 this book is missing parts from chapter 2 . You can read the missing contents for free on wikipedia .
 The one-star review is solely due to the problems accurately reported by other readers . There are critical passages early in the book -LRB- articles from newspapers -RRB- that are entirely missing from the Kindle version.The book itself is one of the best Sherlock Holmes stories . In a complete version , it 's a four-star book .
 This is a classic mystery by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . Unfortunately , this free version lacks several sections vital to solving the mystery . I have only read a couple chapters and have already found that the legend of the Baskervilles , the account of the death of Sir Charles Baskerville and a letter to Sir Henry Baskerville are missing . These omissions render this version useless , and force me to delete it from my library .
 I would give this Sherlock Holmes story 5 stars , the low rating is due to the poor Kindle formatting . I know it is free but there are substantial passages missing ... parts that are very important to the story ... such as the actual legend of the Hound of the Baskerville . If you are truly interested in reading this story , there is a version that is only $ 1 to download and is complete .
 Seeing as how Series 2 of `` Sherlock '' has yet to make it to the United States , I was hoping that this would be the script , or at least an adaptation of the script to a novel format . Sadly , this was not the case.I confess that I fail to see how this series -LRB- of BBC Books -RRB- distinguishes itself from the other -LRB- often free -RRB- editions , much less the compilations , available in the Kindle store . There is a new introduction by a member of the BBC 's `` Sherlock '' staff and company , but that scarcely justifies the cost.The text itself is the standard text by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle which speaks for itself .
 I liked the book because I like murder mysteries and if you like that kinda stuff this is a book for you ! But it gets boring because you have like 14 pages a chapter basically about noghting . Also I like this book because it 's got non-other than Shelock Holmes the greatest detective in book history.In the beginning it does get intresting . But like I said before 14 or more pages in a chapter . Trying to find out the mystery is the best part.I 'll pick characters because the characters are weird . The cool ones are Sherlcok Holmes and Dr. Watson . But then you get weird ones that Sherlock Holmes thinks are the suspects . But he also follows them and decides if he thinks they murdered the person or not ? Setting is next the setting is in London . They make it sound really scary where they are at Baskerville Hall where the heir of Sir Charles Basketville who died left to his nephew .
 I expected to find it a little dry , but overall likeable . Instead , I found the story a little too far to the supernatural , and Sherlock Holmes turned out to be one of the most unlikable characters I 've read in a long time ! I really felt for Watson , who did not come across as the dumb , stumbling sidekick . I had a hard time slogging through the book , and it did n't make me want to pick up any more Holmes anytime soon . I guess I expected a little more `` Basil of Baker Street '' from The Great Mouse Detective .
 The name of my book is Hound of The Baskervilles . In this book the main character is sir Charles Baskervilles . He is a very important man then one night he dies . But he was found dead out side during his evening walk . So it is up to Sherlock Holmes to find out if this was caused to natural causes or it was rough play . Sherlock has little time to solve the mystery before chaless nephew receives his place as a rich tycoon.Idid not like this book and do not suggest this to anyone .
 This was the first book I have ever read by Arthur Conan Doyle . I would not recomend reading the book . I found it very dry and hard to read . He uses textbook-like discription and his 1850 's English language conflicts with the 2000 's american language . The first 50 pages are rather boring and unimportant to the rest of the story . The book only starts to get some what interesting after that . There was n't much of a twist in the ending beyond telling you who was responible for the crime . Overall the book is not worth your time .
 this is a horrible book ! please dont read it !!! the story makes no sense and is VERY < VERY far fetched !
 `` The Hound of the Baskervilles '' is the first -LRB- and now only -RRB- Sherlock Holmes book I have read -LRB- only because my book club chose it -RRB- and I was beyond bored with it . Nothing was mysterious or suspenseful about it . It was full of babble and slow adventures . Sherlock Holmes was hardly even in it , since Dr. Watson was the narrator and main experiencer of events . Very overrated in my book . I do not recommend .
 I 've seen this in several of Kindle 's Free Editions , all excerpts are missing ! All the poems in Alice in Wonderland as well as Through the Looking Glass and now the manuscript in Baskervilles.Either the free editions are poorly edited before release -LRB- if indeed they are proofread at all -RRB- or -LRB- more likely -RRB- Amazon is releasing an incomplete product for free in order to force us to buy one of their fancy versions . I might understand if this were an author who is still around , but with the classics I think this is unacceptable .
 This is one of my favorite Sherlock Holmes tales , and I was thrilled that it could be acquired so cheaply for my Kindle . However , whenever a character reads out loud from a newspaper or other document , the passage being read is missing from this Kindle edition . As such , information vital to the tale is missing . Terrible ! Spend more money , and get a comprehensive -LRB- and comprehensible ! -RRB- version .
 okay people dont get this book ! There is missing pages in it when ever some one reads a paper or document ! save your money and get different one !
 There are key parts of this book missing . I was so confused about the story until I realized this . Get the book from a different publisher .
 I agree with the previous reviewer . I had begun reading the story from a book and had reached the end of chapter 2 . Back at home I loaded the free version on my Kindle and found that not only was the legend of the baskervilles that the client reads to Holmes missing , but the more recent newspaper account as well . Pay the two dollars and get the complete book . Who knows how much else is missing .
 All endings of his short stories are exactly the same . I feel like I 'm reading the same story over and over . After you have read one of his stories you have read them all . It is very boring to read his books and I do not enjoy them . All the plots are predictable , which takes the suspense out of the mystery .
 My problem is n't with the story , it 's with this copy . If the character is reading something , you are n't . Every single time the author says that someone is reading something , it immediately cuts ahead to when they put the document away . For example , the entirety of the Legend of the Baskerville Curse is cut out , the article with the last Sir Baskerville 's cause of death is cut out , a letter to the new Sir Baskerville is cut out ... the list goes on . I 've had to find another copy to fill in the blanks . The book is worth reading , but I 'd spend the money to get an edition that actually has the whole story .
 I 'm used to better quality mysteries ... just wanted to read a &#34; classic &#34; and I was n't impressed . It was worth reading , I suppose , but I wo n't read it again ...
 I received myKindle 3G Wireless Reading Device , Free 3G + Wi-Fi , 3G Works Globally , Graphite , 6 '' Display with New E Ink Pearl Technologyaround December 22nd . I had been downloading a few classics , and rebuilding a library of Sherlock Holmes.I had actually purchased a copy of The Return of Sherlock Holmes - which apparently is not free . The formatting was HORRENDOUS . I downloaded a few samples , and exchanged for a better interactive table of Contents . Even for only .99 cents -LRB- I 'm willing to pay a little for well formatted public domain books -RRB- , I want to be able to enjoy the transcripts.I have since learned the value of downloading samples where available . It saves you money , and/or reading free non-classics that you might not like . By The way , I usually test everything -LRB- including samples -RRB- , on my Kindle for PC - then order for the Kindle FROM the PC - just a personal preference.Now - to the Book at hand . I wanted a copy of Hound of the Baskervilles , and read these reviews in earnest . I downloaded this Free Book , and I downloaded one sample which cost $ 1 . I compared the text , and indeed - Chapter 2 is desperately wanting in this free version . I verified the missing text in the sample , but noticed the Table of Contents was non-existent . So - I downloaded a .99 version just a few minutes ago.I HIGHLY recommendThe Hound of the Baskervilles -LRB- Sherlock Holmes Vol . 5 -RRB- . Nice table of contents , and the text matches the $ 1 version . I will be purchasing the .99 copy -LRB- however , I do n't review until I have completed a book -RRB- , and deleting this FREE copy from the Archives . -LRB- Note , I have already used up my monthly book allowance - however , I make exception for this book - since re reading the samples has reminded me of the joy for the Holmes collection -RRB- . I am not sure of the print quality from Project Gutenberg . You may be able to convert from there , but I believe that this Free Book is an example of what may happen . Note , I have NO connection to the suggested book - and I HIGHLY recommend you download your own samples -LRB- including collective works -RRB- , to make up your own mind.But thanks to the prior reviews , I am offering my own experience as a Solution to the Missing Text .
 As other reviewers have pointed out , this particular Kindle version is broken
 This edition is missing all passages in which a character is reading a letter or article , which is essential to the story . This edition is useless and needs to be removed from Amazon or corrected .
 I am very excited about reading this book but this version is missng a lot of vital passages . I was really disappointed with ths version and am seeking another version to download . Amazon please fix this ASAP . Sir Doyle would be appauled .
 For some reason there are passages of the text missing , the first of which is the legend of the hound . I do n't know if it 's just a technical glitch because I 'm using the Kindle software on my Mac or there is something else going on . Does n't seem to be much point in having a book with parts of the story missing .
 This is one of my all time favorite books but ; This Kindle version is missing very important parts to the story . Every time a letter or newspaper is read it is left blank . The whole story is based on the information in the letter and newspaper clippings . They are missing in this edition , even as a previous fan of the story I am having some difficulty in following along . If you are not familiar with the story you will be completely lost .
 Note
 This version is missing certain passages , as with other Kindle editions of Sherlock Holmes books . Any time something is read in the story , such as from a newspaper or a letter , it is missing . There are also illustrations found in the original that are missing . As a substitute , I downloaded the Google version of the book on my phone , the picked back up on the Kindle . This makes me hesitant to ever purchase Kindle editions for fear of the same issues .
 I read a review for a free version of this for the kindle that suggested you spend a buck or two to get a decent copy . Apparently the free version has more than its share of issues . I figured this was still reasonably priced at $ 0.99 , so gave it a shot . It 's more or less readable , but the frequency of errors is just inexcusable ... even if it is less than a dollar . There are random breaks in mid-paragraph and mid-sentence -LRB- random meaning there is no apparent reason for it ; they actually show up pretty consistently -RRB- , missing words at the start of chapters or paragraphs , and several typos -LRB- typos that do n't exist in the print version I also bought -RRB- . The story itself is an easy 5 stars . There have to be better versions out there , though .
 Just wanted to agree with the other reviewers that this version is useless . I ended up getting a free version of this book from Project Gutenberg .
 This version is missing text . As others have noted , whenever there is a quote from a newspaper article in the story , the text is missing . The entire legend of the `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' which does much to set the supernatural tone of the story , is missing ! I 'm only in Chapter 4 and have counted 3 missing passages already .
 I concur with previous reviews . Unacceptable copy as it is mising passages - as mentioned before - which creates the most confusion from the very start . Should be removed from the Amazon catalog as it is unbecoming of this vendor . SAVE YOUR TIME . DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT .
 As mentioned by the previous reviewer , this version is missing quite a bit of key content . Whether it 's a formatting issue with the Kindle or the transcriber forgot to include the passages is unclear . But the story is unreadable without the missing text .
 This edition is missing THE main plot of the story . Every time there is a letter or a newspaper article that is read -LRB- which anyone who reads Sherlock Holmes knows is a common device -RRB- , it is skipped in the text entirely . This is n't even a good deal for free !
 This Kindle version is missing huge portions of text.For example , the entire manuscript read in Chapter 2 is missing.Amazon
 This review is NOT on the quality of the story . I love this book , however ... . This edition is missing text . Whenever character reads out of a newspaper or other document , the entire txt of that newspaper or document is missing from this Kindle edition ! I 've no idea which version to spend the dollar on to get the complete text , but its frustating as this was my first download .
 This is a great story , but as others have already noted , this Kindle version is missing numerous passages . This leaves the reader without important information needed to understand the plot . Get a different version !
 If Amazon would have let me , I would have rated it * no * stars . This Kindle version of the `` Hound of the Baskervilles '' has a huge flaw
 As others have pointed out , this version is missing critical portions that totally ruin one of the greatest mysteries in the English language . Free is generally good , but not in this case .
 I was disappointed after reading this book . It was written for men who want to get their partners more interested in sex . It does nothing for the woman who wishes to get her man more interested . Believe it or not , some women have higher sex drives than their man . If you 're a man needing some help with your partner , this is a good read . For a woman needing help with her man -- keep looking -- this book is not for you .
 I did find Cole 's analysis of seducing a woman 's mind first by helping her clear it useful . Other than that , it 's like reading a cheap novel , but without much vulgarity . There are more credible resources . And frankly , I think there 's just nothing new here .
 The Book is old and discolored and is not the book you advertised when I see a product that is what I expect . The copy in the picture is what I expected . And this book is not new . The one in the picture is the collector edition . I did not want just any copy .
 Item arrived with black powdery smudges on the cover and edge of paper . I do n't know if it 's from the laser ink powder of the packing slip , or if it 's from the printing on the cover . It is acceptable but messy . Also , the photo clearly shows a set of 2 books , but there 's only one as detailed in the description .
 basicall a rip off of the some of the earlier renissance works , ie
 This is SELF-righteous , SELF-centered Historical Puritanism at its best . This is the foundation of the `` I 'm right and everyone else is wrong , '' Puritanical UN-Christianity . Always remember there is a big difference between a Puritan and a Christian -LRB- Look those two words up for yourself ! -RRB- .
 Samuel L. Walker has written a half-way decent introduction to the subject at hand , but it is not as good as many of the other reviewers think.Walker presents strong evidence that the use of the atomic bomb was necessary if the war was to be ended `` as quickly as possible . '' So far , so good . When it comes to the question of whether the bomb was necessary to end the war ` reasonably quickly , ' that is , within three or four more months , he uncritically accepts the claims of Paul Nitze that the Japanese would probably have surrendered by Nov. 1st , 1945 , and certainly by Dec. 1st . This is rather odd , because , Walker cites Robert P. Newman ` sTruman and the Hiroshima Cult . Newman read through the interrogations of Japan 's surviving wartime leadership conducted by the Strategic Bombing Survey , and found that they only one Japanese leader agreed with Nitze 's estimated surrender date , and that one only when prompted -LRB- earlier in the same interview , he expected Japan to hold out rather longer -RRB- . Newman further reviewed the intelligence data available to the U.S. through July of 1945 , and showed that the Japanese were making strenuous efforts to resist the expected amphibious invasion , while specifically rejecting the terms they finally accepted in August . -LRB- The U.S. , British , and Chinese governments were convinced that a surrender on terms , a la the Versailles treaty , would likely lead to World War III in the 1960s or 1970s -RRB- . Thus , even if Nitze 's conclusion was correct , there was no reason for Truman or anyone else in Washington to believe it.Finally , Nitze 's conclusion of a surrender by December 1st at the latest , Newman showed , was formed around June of 1945 , and was based on his assessment of the damage conventional bombing would inflict on Japan , and how he thought the Japanese leaders would react to that damage . Nitze had persuaded the Air Force to schedule an air campaign targeting Japanese transportation facilities , which would have disrupted both war production and food distribution , leading to a threat of widespread starvation . While this might have caused the Japanese government to fold , it might also have resulted in widespread relocation of civilians to rural areas , where they would have had ready access to food . Thus , the estimated surrender date was little more than a guess , unsupported by evidence.Robert C. Butow interviewed those same Japanese leaders at much greater length for his book Japan 's Decision to Surrender , which I highly recommend . His conclusion , as related by Freeman Dyson inFrom Eros to Gaia , was that there was no way to know when the Japan would have given up , because the Japanese leaders themselves did n't know when they would have surrendered.When it comes the question of how many casualties the U.S. would have suffered if the U.S. had invaded Japan , Walker accurately summarizes the estimates presented to Truman in mid-1945 , when there were only 350,000 Japanese troops present on Kyushu . Based on experience on Luzon , casualties might have been `` only '' about 17,000 killed , 53,000 wounded . As Walker says , preventing such casualties was itself enough reason for Truman to order the bomb dropped . But by August 1st , the number of Japanese defenders on Kyushu had grown to 900,000 , as Richard B. Frank notes inDownfall
 Reptiles and Amphibians of the Amazon
 I got this book shortly after returning from South America and at first glance I was impressed . The cover is decent , the publishing quality higher than expected , and the intro a good start . Unfortunately , the content is a disappointment . I have three main complaints about this volume , and some background will add perspective to these criticisms . I have been keeping and breeding poison frogs of the family Dendrobatidae for nearly a decade and am familiar with R.D. Bartlett as author of numerous articles for the pet trade . Rather than articles from the hobby , I prefer the scientific literature , journals or texts on various herpetological subjects . I have made nearly a dozen trips to the Neotropics with friends or family in the last 5 years and have seen both the dendrobatids I study as well as over a hundred species of frogs and dozens of species of lizards and snakes.My experiences in Central and South America have led me to conclude that ecotourist guides are ineffective . Whether they are for plants or animals , these guides are geared for people who are somewhat interested in a particular taxon , but relatively ignorant of the species . I have found that ecotourist guides illustrate a limited number of representative animals . This is justified in regions where there are hundreds of species including some new to science . However , the illustrations or descriptive text are so vague and generalized that they ca n't be used to identify species . The problem with ecotourist guides is that if you necessarily limit the number of species then you need more detail and information to make sure you are identifying the correct subject . However , most ecotourists want , at quick glance , to know what they saw and rarely require great detail . My first attempts to identify birds from an ecotourist guide were frustrating because of the lack of detail . I now travel with detailed excellent bird guides from various regions . I have been awaiting the herp equivalent of these books but the Bartletts ' ecotourist 's guide falls well short of the mark.The information offered is vague , downright silly , or wrong . For each animal there is a species account that includes size , identifying features , voice , reproduction , similar species , habitat/range , and comments . Size is a generalized descriptor but it frequently does not help in distinguishing between similar species . Identifying features usually state the obvious but after reading a number of these one gets the impression that an animal could not be identified based on what the Bartletts have written . Voice descriptions are useless . Frogs usually call in mixed species choruses so one would have to have a calling animal in front of them to ascertain what it sounded like . Many frogs quiet themselves upon human approach so it would take patience to catch a frog species calling . I do n't believe the average ` ecotourist ' would make that effort . The calling description is also difficult to use . What is a `` series of peeps '' , `` two syllables often repeated '' , or `` repeated buzzes '' ? The habitat/range info is equally useless . Take this quote from Platemys platycephala
 Coffee table book of girls at weight-loss camp , exotic dancers in Las Vegas , actresses , children play-acting withmakeup . Not sure if Ms. Greenfield was trying to emulate Cindy Sherman or Diane Arbus . Either way she has my sympathy .
 This book should be called `` white girl culture '' ... there is hardly an ethnic looking girl in the book ! Lots of suburban teen-age girls looking like they are trying to be fit in . Nothing really insightful , new or surprising . Some photos are a bit interesting but most are overly self-conscious from subject and photographer ... sorry but these images are easy to forget , -LRB- and border on teasing male viewers -RRB- ... save your money and wait for the video !
 While the photographs of Lauren Greenfield were beautiful , I found the subjects she chose to be predictable and a poor representation of girlhood for most of American girls . Come on ... fat camp ? anorexics ? models ? a few spring break photos for good measure ? Greenfield 's book would 've been groundbreaking in the early 90 's , but her subjects have been done-over and over again.It appears that Greenfield herself was looking for something profound in her subjects . The results feel labored , and almost eager , as though the photos have an invisable caption attached . There is neither spontaniety , nor profundity in the way she frames her subject.There are a few photos which I did like . For example , the photographs of a young girl 's quinceanera -LRB- a `` sweet '' fifteen -RRB- are lovely and refreshing . I also enjoyed the accompanying text , in which the girls talk about their life .
 I have greatly enjoyed reading the hard cover Everyman 's edition of Shakespeare 's Comedies , Tragedies and Romances . The hard cover books , which come in multiple volumes , are portable , have a nice type face , have excellent explanatory notes and excellent introductory essays about the plays . I strongly recommend this edition for anyone who is not already familiar with Shakespeare 's plays.I recently bought a Kindle edition of three tragedies . The type face is very good but there are no notes or essays whatsoever . I would not recommend any of the Kindle editions that I have seen for anyone who is not already fully conversant with Shakespeare 's language . Many words have changed meaning significantly over time and a modern dictionary is only modestly helpful.It would be great if Amazon could get the Everyman 's edition formatted for the Kindle .
 Given the price of this book , I felt that was not a good value for the price . Too little information for a hardcover book that supposed to be a guide for manufacturers on how to implement TOC .
 I picked up Into the Wilderness by accident and thought it was one of the best books I 'd read . I counted the days til Dawn on a Distant Shore was released but found it to be , at best , disappointing . Truth be told , I found the story farfetched , the characters -LRB- who seemed so alive in Into the Wilderness -RRB- flat and , in some instances , just plain unlikeable , and the sea voyage boring . Absolutely nothing in this book caught my interest ... strange , because I found the first book captivating both in terms of the developing storyline between Elizabeth and Nathanial and the book 's historical context . I still look forward to the next installment , primarily because it 's set back in Hidden Wolf where this story belongs , but I wo n't be counting the days until its release and I wo n't invest in a hardback edition .
 I was hoping to find another series that would be similar to Diana Gabaldon 's books , but I was very disappointed . I still have not found anyone who writes like Gabaldon . I 'll make this short and sweet in that I do not think that Donati has developed her characters as well as she could . I wanted the story to be wrapped more around Elizabeth and Nathaniel , but instead , much of the story came from Hannah 's point of view . I realize this is probably due to the fact that Hannah 's character is being built for an upcoming book , but I was not interested . Elizabeth 's character was developed well , but I felt in both Into the Wilderness and Dawn on a Distant Shore , that Nathaniel did not have as strong of a character and hero image as I would have liked . I just did not feel the passion between these two as I had hoped . Even the ending was very weak to me .
 I was hoping that this would be a great sequel , but was very disappointed . The characters , except for Hanna did not develop at all . Nathaniel and Elizabeth had the beginning of a relationship in the first book and their characters were well developed , but they were very two dimensional in this book . That said I await the next book because I trust Ms. Donati will continue the story without destroying the characters .
 I got it at the library and boy am I glad I did n't waste my money by buying it , which I might have done based on Donati 's first novel . I am sooo disappointed ! This was a snoozorama to say the least . I guess I can only hope for improvement in the 3rd novel . This novel was just sooooooo slow and boring , Daniel and `` Boots '' had no chemistry which was very disappointing
 It 's a good thing that I read Into the Wilderness first or I never would have bothered to read another one of her books . I read it all , but I will admit I `` skimmed '' over the last of it . It was a definite sleeper .
 I found this sequel to be a big disappointment and pales in comparison to Donati 's first book . This time around , the characters bordered on boring , the plot lines forgetable and Donati 's sweeping prose sadly absent . I thought this was an overall tough read . Hopefully the next one will be more of a page turner like the first one was .
 The story falls over before it ever gets started . It does n't convince me that the only course of action possible is for Nathaniel to try to rescue his father , or that any mother with the sense God gave a goose would take newborn babies on such a dangerous trip . I know Sacajawea went on a much harder trip while pregnant , but this book needed to convince me , and it did n't . The adventures and dangers are thrown at us too fasst and furiously . We are not given much chance to enjoy the peaceful spots or anticipate or fear the next obstacle . It 's boring the way any laundry list of problems is boring if a reader do n't care whether or not the characters get through it . Or if they do n't really believe the plot in the first place .
 I loved Into the Wilderness ! This can not be the same author . It was boring . The characters were dull and the whole book dragged . I will definitly borrow her next book from the library !
 This book was a disappointment from the very beginning . One stand out irritation is that the author does not allow these poor characters a moments peace . From the very begininng we are launched into the latest drama - improbable tales , pirates , hangings , illegitamate heirs , castles - this has it all - the author should write for a daytime soap not novels . There is so little time spent on establishing a sense of beginning , middle or even an end before we are launched headlong into yet another overdramatisized journey . The Mills and boons romance is pure syrup . Later in the book one feels that we are meant to be impressed by the authors grasp of the scottish way of speech - it is only interminable . Not only can every character speak 4-5 different languages they are all so is so indestructable . I enjoyed parts of into the wilderness ... though critisised the heroines near indestructable qualities ... the pace she kept up was inhuman . I just shook my head in disbelief at some of the ghastly passages in this book and debated with myself whether I should finish the drivel . I notice that Diana Galaldon endorsed the first book but has remained silent about this one . I am not in the least suprised . This book has been published on the strength of the last - and did not deserve to be published on it 's own merits . The only reason I bought the last was because of Diana 's reccomendation . I will not recommend the book to my friends , and will throw it away rather than own up to reading a novel with so little merit . Leave the Scottish tales to Diana Gabaldon or Barbara Erskine . Total rubbish . I love a good trashy read at the best of times - escapism that allows one to learn a little about history as it 's bought to life in a skillfully woven tale . This book just does not deliver . Shame on the publishers and author for allowing this book to reach the shelves of the public . I will not be buying any further follow up books and personally abhor this endless stringing along of epic tales . The later books always lack the same passion and interest of the first book and resort to outlandish escapades in order to keep our attention . -LRB- This applies to Diana Gabaldon too I 'm afraid -RRB- Please put these poor characters out of their misery . . and us too .
 ** SPOILERS ** Sara Donati 's second book in her ` Wilderness ' series starts with Elizabeth Bonner 's dramatic labour to twins Lily and Daniel . It 's a wonderful opening chapter in which Elizabeth 's step-daughter , Hannah , has to deliver her half-siblings because a storm has kept Nathaniel away.From there the pace only gains momentum as Nathaniel is forced to travel to Montreal and rescue his brother-in-law and father from gaol and the clutches of a conniving society darling.But the rescue does n't go according to plan , and Elizabeth is forced to cart her twins , step-daughter and friend , Curiosity Freeman , across the Canadian wilderness to Montreal to retrieve her husband and assorted family members.Things are made even more complicated as an English lord is likewise on the hunt for the Bonner men , Nathaniel and his father Daniel , to ensure they claim their rightful Scottish inheritance.This book felt a lot like Diana Gabaldon 's third book ` Voyager ' . A lot of ` Dawn ' takes place on the high seas , to eventually make port in Scotland . It was very reminiscent of ` Voyager ' ; just in the fact that pirates and privateers pepper the cast , there 's a lot of ship-swapping to keep up with and hidden agendas to keep track of.I was ultimately disappointed with this second instalment . Donati came close , but never quite met my expectations in ` Dawn ' . For one thing , in this book it felt as though Donati was skirting around certain issues and topics . The perfect example of this is in Giselle Somerville . Ms. Somerville is a woman from Nathaniel 's past , a Montreal society darling who seduced Nathaniel when they were both 17 . Giselle was taken by Nathaniel 's Mohawk savageness , and since his departure from her bedchamber , Giselle has bedded a cachet of Indians and navy-men alike to satisfy her lustful curiosities . In ` Dawn ' Giselle has turned her attention 's to Nathaniel 's brother-in-law , Otter , and Nathaniel is forced to travel to Montreal to recover the lad.There 's a lot of unspoken baggage between Giselle and Nathaniel - both Nathaniel and his father , Daniel think on the affair ... but they never * talk * about it . Elizabeth is especially intrigued by Giselle as a woman of her husband 's past ... but she and Nathaniel never * talk * about her . It is very , very frustrating . And the lack of conversation serves to put distance between Elizabeth and Nathaniel . I started wondering why they were n't being open and honest with one another - it may be an uncomfortable topic to discuss , but asking your significant other about their first loves and past relationships is a big and necessary conversational obstacle.I do still love Nathaniel and Elizabeth - despite feeling a chasm of difference between them for everything they * did n't * say , I still like them . In this book we glimpse what Elizabeth 's life could have been had she not left England for New-York , and it works to illustrate how much she has gained from Nathaniel.As much as I still loved the romance in ` Dawn ' , Donati literally ` lost the plot ' in this second book . My biggest complaint was that a lot of the action seemed to take place off the page . There 's a big revelation half-way through the book that Giselle gave birth to Nathaniel 's son all those years ago . Nathaniel learns of his estranged child , and resolves to tell Elizabeth about the boy , Luke , and to decide with her whether or not he leaves the boy be or tracks him down . But we never read the scene in which Nathaniel breaks the news to Elizabeth that he has an illegitimate son . It is in the final pages that we read a letter claiming that the Bonner clan tracked Luke down , and bought him back to Hidden Wolf in New York for a time . It is an absolute travesty that we do n't get to read these scenes , that they are recounted to us in summary instead of scene . It is such a waste of intense dramatic scenes and a deplorable case of ` telling , not showing ' and as a reader I feel terribly ripped-off by Donati.I will continue with this series , but I have a touch of resentment toward Donati for dropping the ball with this second novel .
 Into the Wilderness was absolutely top-notch so maybe my expectations were too high for Dawn on a Distant Shore . This story contained little action and far too much gossip . These wonderful outdoorsmen -LRB- and women -RRB- were confined to rocking in ships for 300 pages ! I was as homesick for the mountains as Hannah was . I love Ms. Donati 's characters but I was as uncomfortable as they were in their oversea adventure . I do hope she brings them home for the next installment . If I had n't read the first book I would never have finished this one - the plot was too much of a stretch - but the Bonners are terrific and I had to know what happened to them .
 I enjoyed the rest of the series , but I found this book boring compared to the rest . Much of the story is spent on a ship , and I did not feel that the characters that were introduced were developed very well . The other books in the series are much better .
 After falling in love with Nathaniel and Elizabeth in Into the Wilderness , I was thrilled to continue on with the series . Much to my dismay , this book did not live up to my expectations . Is it a coincidence that Gabaldon 's Voyager and this book , both set mainly upon the high seas , were my least favorite out of each author 's series ? Hmmm . The only thing that kept me going was the promise of the third book Lake in The Clouds . The book is worth reading , do n't get me wrong . Especially for those who continue on with a series . The Scotland thing seemed unnecessary to me . I would have been happier if they 'd stayed in North America . Oh well . Artistic license .
 I gave the first book two stars as well , but now I realize how much better it was than this sequel . The first half was so slow and boring that I contemplated pulling out my hair on a few occasions . Once again I found no spark to the characters and thought them shallow . The situation in Scotland with the Earl was just too unbelievable , and yet the ending was the only good part in it . If I had owned the book I might have burned it out of frustration . Perhaps one of the reasons I just could n't get into this book is probably because it is so false . If you 're writing a sequel to `` The Last of the Mohicans '' then there is no Nathaniel Bonner because Cora Munro dies in the book , unlike the 1992 movie which its really based on . Plus , I hate hearing and reading that it is as good as Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander series . WRONG !!!! Outlander and the rest of the series is perched on a golden pedestal a mile above this stuff . I do n't think I 'll finish the rest of the `` Into the Wilderness '' series , unless all the other books in the world are destroyed .
 I read Into the Wildnerness in November 1999 and liked it so much that I did something I 've never done before ... I went to Amazon.com and looked up the author and discovered that the sequel was on it 's way ! I actually marked `` March 2000 '' on my calendar to remind myself to reserve the first copy the library had.What a disappointment!I found the first 1/3 of the book very tedious and hard to follow ; I could n't follow the Scottish dialect easily , which forced me to re-read entire paragraphs . It seemed very disjointed , with characters thrown in almost as footnotes , and I found it funny that one of the characters , midway through the book , actually admitted that SHE did n't understand the connection of all the people involved . Me neither!The whole premise for the voyage to Scotland and the insistence of the Earl that Nathaniel and his father come there was anti-climatic and lame . I expected much more drama . No doubt this plot was rooted in complete historical accuracy -LRB- for is n't truth stranger than fiction ? -RRB- , but it was n't , in my opinion , riveting enough to immortalize in a novel .
 I was so thrilled with vol . 1 `` Into the Wilderness '' that I ordered the second volume from the library before investing money into a hardcover version . I 'm glad I did n't buy one as it was the most disappointing book since I read Kate Morton . `` Into the Wilderness '' was so promising and I really wonder how the sequel can be so shallow?This whole journey from Montr&eacute;al , Canada , to Dumfries , Scotland , used up close to 300 pages in the book and when Nathaniel and Elizabeth are finally in Scotland , things do n't get any more interesting.What a boring read!Zero stars was not possible , so I have to give it 1 star :-LRB- . I hope `` Lake in the Clouds '' will be better , but if it 's only about Hannah , I doubt I will read it.I was hoping to read more about Nathaniel and Elizabeth .
 Very disapointing . I loved Into the Wilderness and could not wait for DDS , signing up for delivery before it came out in print . I found it difficult to get into and just did n't keep my attention . I actually had to force myself to sit down and finish it . Sadly , DDS lacked the excitement and sexual tensions of Into the Wilderness . Definately not Sara Donati 's best work .
 Like all the others , I could n't wait for the sequel to `` Into the Wilderness . '' The bond between Elizabeth and Nathaniel was obviously growing strong and I was ready for late night reading . But when `` Dawn on Distant Shore '' arrived I felt as if it distanced itself from the characters . Keep in mind you HAVE to read `` Into the Wilderness '' first or else you 'll have no appreciation for the characters ! Donati assumes too much for the new reader to know.Encouraged as I was to see little Hannah blossom into a curious , independent child , I was disappointed that Elizabeth and Nathaniel 's relationship remain as stagnant as a relationship can get after little ones arrive . The characters seemed to be caught in a bad nightmare and just wanted to wake up back in Paradise.Obviously the third book will bring us back to real issues that Elizabeth and Nathaniel faced -- trying to live peacefully in a community that has its own issues with diversity.I 'm afraid this second book is a distraction to a story that still wants to be told back in Paradise ! Bring back Richard Todd and Judge Middleton !
 Her first book was a real page turner and I could n't wait for this one to come out . This was a sleeper . The ocean voyage went on forever . I felt like I was actually on the voyage with the voyage never ending . I could n't wait to get of the ship myself . The story line at the castle was a pick-me-up , but you had to read several hundred pages before you got there . I was extemely disappointed in this book and the only reason I finished it was because I did n't want to see the money I spent on the book wasted . The scottish dialect was also very distracting and I had to keep reading passages over and over to get the just of it . Save your money .
 I was extremely disappointed in this sequel . I had read `` Into the Wilderness '' and loved it for the writing and characterzations . It was done so well . This book hardly seemed to have been written by the same author . It was rushed , badly written and I could not get into it . Such a shame from someone who had been my new favorite author .
 Except for a very small portion toward the end of the book , I thought the rest was just plain BORING and struggled to get through it . I was really hoping to like this series but have been extremely disappointed after all the great reviews and comparisons to Gabaldon .
 Jim Cole has been ticketed and banned at many National Parks for willing breaking the law and endangering , not only his life , but the lives of the bears . He was recently mauled at Yellowstone and his actions most likely will result in the death of the bear as he pursued and harrassed a mother bear protecting her cubs . We were at Yellowstone during the incident and the rangers said that the photos they found in his camera did not line up with the tale he told.This is his second mauling because he will risk the life of the bear just to get his money shot . If you are considering buying his books because you love bears , be aware that man is not a advocate for bears but rather will do things that result in their being shot in order to enrich himself .
 As a former realtor , Mr. Cole owes the natural world a large debt , and believes he is doing good work . My opinion , based upon a life lived in the northern rockies , is that bears NEVER benefit from interactions with humans . The natural world is not there for us to enjoy , or understand , or study - it is simply there . If you are looking for a better understanding of bears , read Steve Herreros book and if you like pretty pictures , check out any of the other authors online who do not routinely place bears at risk by forcing encounters .
 Cole is in the news for all the wrong reasons
 You 'd be hard-pressed to tell a boring story about about a plucky country newspaper editor who had principles and stuck to 'em . But this author has done it . He says the book is an adaptation of his doctoral thesis . That fits . The book reads like a well-done , fully footnoted college paper , not like a dramatic novel . It strives to identify key historical facts at the expense of the reader 's interest . With a modest amount of effort , it could have been reworked as a compelling autobiographical novel bolstered by its remarkable display of features of midwestern life during the first half of the 20th Century .
 I have read `` In My Soul I Am Free '' that the author , Brad Steiger , wrote on the life of Paul Twitchell . The book on Twitchell was pure fiction and Steiger played the role of publicist . Twitchell fed Steiger fictional information that was never verified or researched by Steiger , and Steiger basically entered into a conspiracy with Twitchell to defraud the public . It would seem that Steiger writes a book every-other month or so . Once again , this author has no creditability what-so-ever with me . He has distorted the truth so much in the past that I do n't see why the general public can trust anything or any subject coming from this author of fiction passing itself off as truth ! There is a difference ! Not everything is illusion ! This is what the discerning mind is for ... to discover your own Truth over the deceptions of others that would prevent you from discovering ITS value and worth .
 `` Searching for an adequate god '' is an anthology promoting a dialogue between Free Will Theists and Process Theists . One of the editors is Clark H. Pinnock , apparently something of a red cloth to the evangelical bull . -LRB- Just read some of the other reviews . -RRB- Most of the articles are frankly uninteresting . I never understood the difference between Free Will Theists and regular Christianity -LRB- minus the hard line believers in predestination -RRB- . Perhaps the Christianity I 'm familiar with * is * Free Will Theism ? Did n't Abraham argue with God about the destruction of Sodom , did n't Jesus change tack when the Jews rejected him , etc?The main attractions are the two articles by David Ray Griffin . He seems to be one of the leading process theologians . Griffin very self-consciously wants to adapt Christianity to modern science and philosophy , in other words , evangelize people like myself . I ca n't say I was impressed . He ends up having the worst of both worlds . Unless I 've misread him on some crucial point , Griffin believes that Jesus was an ordinary human with psychokinetic powers who was n't really resurrected . Rather , he lived on as a spiritual `` personality '' . So will everyone else . Already here , Griffin will loose most scientists , who will find it hard to believe in parapsychology or an immortal soul . Also , the admittedly fascinating metaphysics of Alfred North Whitehead probably do n't square very well with the vaguely positivistic metaphysics I take it are most common among secularized scientists . On the more religious side , Griffin attempts to solve the problem of evil by denying God 's omnipotence . Griffin 's God is all-good but powerless . In fact , he is less powerful than humans ! At the very least , that 's the logical consequence of the process view.Why would a modern like myself want to convert to a creed that 's just as unscientific as regular Christianity , while having no answer to the existential problem of evil and suffering?At one point , Griffin indignantly wonders what a Free Will Theist -LRB- or classical theist , for that matter -RRB- might want to say to a mother whose children are being burnt to death in a concentration camp . Presumably , the Free Will Theists must say that God could stop the murders , but has chosen not to , for some unfathomable reason . -LRB- The predestinarian response would , of course , be even worse . -RRB- But what is * Griffin 's * response ? That God * can not * stop genocide at all , even in principle ? In what sense is that different from the atheist answer ? Griffin believes in life after death , but some process theologians apparently do n't even do that ! Small wonder Griffin calls for a world government -LRB- sic -RRB- in his article . Without the inadequate god of Process Theism , only a superior military force can stop genocide ... You may interpret this review in any way you see fit . But yes , I like Pinnock 's `` inclusivism '' . ; - -RRB-
 This book proves Mr. Pinnock , rather than dialoguing with Conservative , Evangelical Providence-Theists , is himself an extreme libertarian ultra-arminian attempting a synthesis & amalgamation with Processism in reaction to his perceived brand of hyper-calvinism -LRB- which few embrace and none of the authors who devastate free-willism like Millard Erickson -RRB- . This is Quasi-Processism plain and simple.CHAFF OUTWEIGHS THE WHEATMORE STEAK SAUCE THAN MEAT
 Mr. Pinnock does genuine Evangelicals a favor with this book and his more recent Most Moved Mover -LRB- the most Mormon of his writings to date , where he espouses an embodied deity not necessarily pure spirit-being , rejects a biblical hell , waxes processismically poetic about God ` actualizing his temporal pole ' , claiming Jesus misprophesied and a Bible full of errors -RRB- . With this book , Pinnock proves that he and his followers like Gregory Boyd and John Sanders are neither evangelical nor pure Processers , but a dysfunctional hybrid of both/neither
 While attempting to build a case for Open Theory of Bible Interpretation , which selectively/artificially literalizes much of Bible 's God-analogous-to-man language -LRB- conveniently excluding physical form texts or Divine Unknown Question texts like `` Saul , Saul , why do you persecute Me ? '' `` Cain , why is your face downcast ? '' `` Moses , why do you cry out to Me ? '' and dozens more -RRB- all the author has demonstrated is the debt Openness owes to Charles Hartshorne,Bi-Polar Processist -LRB- see separate review of Hartshorne 's ` Omnipotence & Other ; Theological Mistakes ' , so seminal/paradigmatic for Open Theory -RRB- . He tries to distance Open deity from Process deity , and many points are valid -LSB- God is not identified with the world pantheistically or unable to use His power from time-to-time to intervene and make adjustments to the course of history , or of necessity dependent on Creation -LRB- merely by free loving choice -RRB- , Trinity , Creation Ex Nihilo , etc. -RSB- Openness is not equivalent to Process , but the commonalities and co-presuppositions are striking and ramifications on how they do theology are often unwitting , yet like Greg Boyd , he acknowledges philosophical/metaphysical/rational / paradigmatic indebtedness to Hartshorne , without whom Open Theory would most likely not have come to be.Some excerpts from Pinnock 's recent Evangelical Society essay highlight how far he has trespassed over the borderline separating Orthodox Christianity from Process and Free-Will theories : SELF-EMPTYING DIVINE ATTRIBUTES - We could think of Open view as a theology of kenosis , i.e. ` Self-Emptying ' . God freely chose self-limitation for the sake of covenant with humankind , just as the Son of God , surrendering the divine glory to become human , chose to enter fully into the human condition and share in human suffering . It is characteristic of love to be Self-Emptying and the Incarnation reveals how God likes to use His power , not to dominate , but to love . In creating , there was Self-Emptying of Omnipotence -LRB- see Hartshorne 's book above -RRB- . There is also Self-Emptying of Eternity . By bringing into being a Temporal creation whose nature is expressed sequentially as unfolding history , the Creator granted reality to Time and ACTUALIZED IN HIS DIVINE NATURE A TEMPORAL POLE such that He knows things as they really are temporally in succession . There must be in God BOTH THAT WHICH IS WHOLLY FREE FROM VARIATION BUT ALSO THAT WHICH CORRESPONDS TO VARYING CIRCUMSTANCES OF A TEMPORAL universe . INCARNATION INVOLVES SO DRASTIC AN INVOLVEMENT WITH TEMPORAL reality we conclude Time is not foreign to Divine Self-Emptying Nature.This is enough of an idea from Pinnock 's recent public teaching to conclude :1 -RRB- It is unashamedly BI-POLAR as a theology , jettisoning the Biblical concept of MONO-POLAR Theism . Pinnock even used the processistic buzzwords of ` actualized in his divine nature a Temporal Pole ' , and God is ` both free from variation and varies with varying circumstances ' , i.e.poles of changing and non-changing . The free-will deity is Bi-Polar in regards to divine attributes , thus double/dual/binary poles/terminals/loci / foci/cores of reality/nature/being / existence/relationality - straight from the Process Playbook as this book abundantly shows him in dialog with Process Theists .2 -RRB- It 's fine to emphasize the Incarnation of the Second Person of the Trinity , since that 's the core of Scripture/Christianity . However , to violate Paul 's dictum of `` Do not go beyond what is written ! '' is to transgress Evangelical Boundaries into illegitimate territory : neo-Processistic Bi-Polarism . For Pinnock to conclude that since Christ became incarnate -LRB- remember this was a miraculous 33-year manifestation of Son of God on earth in human flesh to accomplish the sin bearing mission -RRB- means a continual/permanent norm of Trinitarian Revelation or change in God the Father and God the Holy Spirit or ` Self-Emptying of the Trinity to accomodate to mortal/temporal reality ' is heterodoxy of the First Order.As the Bible actually teaches , the Son of God added a human nature to His Divine Nature without compromising/reducing/evacuating His Deity - FOR A SEASON ONLY -LRB- Pre-Glorification -RRB- . To assert that the Father and the Holy Spirit also are Incarnatized,Finitized,Self-Emptying , Temporally Limited,Bi-Polar is to encroach WAY BEYOND what is written ! Scripture knows of no such aberrant/overboard novel heterodoxy .3 -RRB- If according to Pinnock God 's Divine Attributes are all Self-Emptying -LRB- Omnipotence , Eternity , Omnipresence , Changelessness , etc. -RRB- then too must Omniscience be Self-Emptying/Temporalized/Limited / Finite . That 's why he arrives at God not having any DEFINITE EXHAUSTIVE awareness of self-determining free-agent futures since they do n't exist in God 's ` present reality ' to be known.The Future is NOT REAL!In summary , Pinnock here and elsewhere with his conditional solidarity with Processistic thought as evidenced by his dialogue with Process/Bi-Polar theorists to shape his theology ends up to no surprise with a deity quite different from the Bible as held by Jews/Rabbis , Church Fathers , Prot.Reformers , Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox , Evangelical Historical interpretation of Scripture.The Incarnation of the Second Person of the Trinity for a specific,33-year miracle of Redemptive Revelation now becomes normative for the First and Third Persons of God as well who also share in the Incarnatization on an ongoing basis to properly , lovingly relate to us , distorting clear Bible teaching and making a mockery of the true doctrine/purpose of Christmas -LRB- it was n't after all ` Patrimas ' - Father 's sending ; or ` Pneumas ' - Spirit 's sending ; or ` Trinimas ' - Trinity 's sending , but CHRIST-mas : Christ 's , Jesus ' , Son of God 's mission.There is profound Mystery in the Incarnation and Triune Godhead , but to twist and tweak Cardinal Biblical Truth into Mystical/Mythical speculation/conjecture about the Father and Spirit being also in a sense Incarnatized similar to Christ , and even the Risen,Ascended,Glorified,Enthroned,Yet-to-Come Son of God being ` Self-Emptying ` beyond His Resurrection/Glorification/Exaltation is Aberrant Heterodoxy of the First Magnitude on Cardinal Doctrinal levels . -LRB- See separate review of Pinnock 's more recent ` Most Moved Mover ' detailing its almost LDS/Mormon conception of an embodied/not-necessarily-pure - spirit-being-sort of deity and an errant Bible as well as amisprophesying Christ and other contra-biblical speculation -RRB- . This is what John MacArthur in ` Bound Only Once ' has to conclude about Pinnock 's brand of ` Self-Emptying Theism ' - In C.S.Lewis ' Narnia Chronicles , Aslan , the fierce but loving lion , represents Christ the ` wild , not tame lion , both good and fearsome.People who have not been to Narnia sometimes think a thing ca n't be good and terrible at the same time . ` That same basic false assumption was the starting point for the heresy of Open Theism . New-model theologians assume God could not be good and terrible at the same time , so they set out to divest Him of whatever attributes they did n't like -LRB- 'em pty ' him of them -RRB- and pad the ones they like -LRB- Love , Relational , Vulnerable , Intimate , Risk , Learn , Share , etc. -RRB- Like Socinians and liberals -LRB- processists -RRB- before them , they are on the misguided quest to make God ` good ' according to humanistic/rationalistic definition of what they consider ` good ' , devising a deity of their own making -LRB- see Norm Geisler 's book BATTLE FOR GOD refuting Open Theism -RRB- . In the final book of Narnia , a wicked ape drapes a lion skin over a witless donkey and pretends it to be Aslan , a sinister , dangerous pretense leading countless Narnians astray . The Open deity is like the donkey in an ill-fitting lion 's skin , leading many sincere seekers away from the glorious Son of God of Scripture.Aslan -LRB- Christ -RRB- is both good and fearsome , loving and wrathful , benevolent and terrifying , deliverer and destroyer , rewarder and punisher , blesser and curser . His wrath is just as real as His love , His fangs are just as real as His fur , His claws are every bit as real as His cuddliness.If only Pinnock would have read more C.S.Lewis and Scripture and less of Hartshorne , Cobb , Whitehead and non-evangelical , liberal theorists , books like SEARCHING FOR AN ADEQUATE GOD would never have been written or need to be exposed as an artificial lion skin covering revisionist fantasy .
 This book joins a growing number using peculiar adjectives to portray God
 The book starts out promising , with the first chapter being a very good quick intro to CMS and Plone and the types of things that CMS can do for you . However , once you start getting into the specifics , it quickly become clear that this book is now outdated . Many of the examples are hard to follow because the current version of Plone has different options or features . Also , the examples cover only the `` low hanging fruit '' - the easiest of tasks , many of which you can figure out on your own just by sitting in front of a browser and navigating Plone using common sense . -LRB- Which I ended up having to do , since the examples in the book are outdated . -RRB- You wo n't find the real-world answers you need in this book . Need to authenticate the users based on some authentication you already have , such as LDAP ? This is n't the book for you . Only 1 page is dedicated to user and group admin , and that is basically a rehash of what you see on the screen in that admin panel . Want to know how to allow users to publish their own work rather than wait for the admin to approve it ? Not in the book , you have to just figure it out by experimenting.This book does have its moments but a large portion of it is easy to learn just by playing with Plone on your own .
 This book has maybe six pages of useful info . It tells how to make a custom portlet.Much of what it describes is obvious from looking at the Plone interface . Moreover , I suspect that the author may not know Plone or Zope very well.Save your money . The other Plone books are better .
 If you are a designer who wants to know how to customize Plone 's look beyond changing colors and fonts , you 'll be disappointed in this book . Sure , the introduction is still good , but chapter 6 -LRB- for example -RRB- , which instructs you to work with the Plone Base Properties file is giving you an outdated method , not well suited to upgrades and maintenance . I believe that stylesheets are the way to go , now ... but I 'm still trying to figure it out , no thanks to this book . The instructions for adding slots in Chapter 5 were just impossible to follow and did not even vaguely work . Yes , the text is in English , but the descriptions bear little resemblence to the Plone 2.1 + experience.This book will , however , give a somewhat glossy overview of the entire application . I would get a recent version of Andy McKay 's book , and look elsewhere for customization help .
 Indeed , the handsome Book `` the Hip-Hop Files
 TOOOO LONG AND DRAWN OUT . Reading this book , I found myself saying , `` GET TO THE POINT . '' The plot of the story was nice -LRB- sort of -RRB- , but it needed more action . In the beginning and towards the end there was too much talk about what I already heard over and over before . What really bothered me was that one character 's point of view , did n't really give me an understanding of the other characters -LRB- especially Adrian -RRB- . Before reading this book the title caught my attention . The title was really a big let down because there was not much `` Hell Breaking Loose . '' Borrow this book from a friend and please do n't ever buy the hard back .
 I was very disappointed in this book . I found it to be slow with no real plot .
 This book needs serious work . It is not worth the paper it was written on . Cameka set the whole race back by sterotyping Black women . she certainly has some major issues concerning the `` church '' and hairstylists .
 I was shocked and when I read this book . I went out and purchased it because I support black authors . When I found out she was my sorority sister , I was sick to my stomach . How dare she put down Jarvis Christian College , an historically black college that you she has never attended . You made my alma mater look as if the degree i received from there is worthless . I have a very successful life as do other JCC alumnus . It is up to our black authors to protray us in a positve light not degrade us . Before she writes another book she needs to get her informations researched thoroughly . Just in case Ms. Spencer reads this I can be reached at delta4620@yahoo.com
 I found that story line too predictable . I felt that the author made the female characters in the novel nothing but ... air heads . She made no effort to prove that a woman does not need a man to complete her as a person . I am just very disappointed that a sistah feels so lowly of her own kind .
 This book was okay , do n't watse your money . Borrow the book from a friend .
 After reading many -LRB- good -RRB- reviews for this book , I decided to check it out at the library . I think the book was overrated . There were some good moments , but it seemed like the book was put together over night .
 Let me first say that I read the reviews of this work and rushed out and bought it . I wish I had slowed down and read a few pages in the store , because I would have left it there . I found this book insulting on more levels then one , to the point that I was unable to finish it . All of the characters were simple and single minded with no signs of intelligent life anywhere to be found ! I am at a lose of words to describe how bad this book is . I would recommend , despite what you have read here , do n't buy it . For the record , I am an avid reader who enjoys the likes of Toni Morrison , Alice Walker , Anne Rice , Terry McMillan , Valerie Wilson Wesley , and many others . If you want a good , easy read about African American life , I would suggest Tryin ' to Sleep in the Bed You Made . It is a much better read !
 It took exactly 100 pages for this book to even begin to be interesting ! Ms. Spencer had a tendency to go on and on spatting what seemed to be her own opinions , and voicing them through Greg , her main character . While this can be good , her voice should not smother that of her characters . I thought Shreese 's character was too the extreme . She just seemed like a stereotype . It was not until further into the book that you can see she is a true person rather than a stock character . It was a slow read that did not pick up until page 100 !! From then on , I was just waiting for something to happen . The climax was smooth and well written , and the book closes giving you , the reader a sense of closure as well . It was refreshing since the beginning was so stale ! Spencer used stereotypes instead of modeling her characters after real people . It is almost as though this book was written by two different people . This book should have gone unpublished .
 I usually do n't give bad reviews but I must make an exception . I purchased the book sometime last year , and have struggled to finish it after pickin it up and putting it down a couple of times.After seeing all of the `` glorious '' reviews I decided to give it another try and FINISH IT ! I must say that I was truly disappointed . I am sure Ms. Spencer 's next book will be `` da bomb '' but this was a dud for me.It was tooooooooooooo slow - and it was sooooooooooo predictable . I mean I figured out the book 's ending in the first portion of the book but it took Ms. Spencer 200 pages to finally get to the end of the story.I 'm sorry ... I just was expecting a lot MORE based on all of the reviews that I read . But then again ... who am I to judge!Try it you might like it !
 I 've been a member of a book club for several years now , and as a group we rated thisbook a `` 1 '' . A `` 1 '' in our rating means `` a waste of time '' . We 've never rated a book thislow in all the years I 've been reading with them . I was very disappointed !
 After reading many -LRB- good -RRB- reviews for this book , I decided to check it out at the library . I think the book was overrated . There were some good moments , but it seemed like the book was put together over night .
 When All Hell Breaks Loose was a great disappointment . I thought the story was building up to be something more . I knew what the ending was going to bring before I got there and it was anticlimatic . I did n't like the synopsis of all the characters at the end . Ms. Spencer did n't make me really like and grow attached to any of the characters and I could n't care less what happened to them . All the male/female bashing and hatred was disheartening .
 I was sorry to see a fresh new author with such potential resort to stereotyped shallow character development , especially of her lesbian characters . These charaters -LRB- or shall I say caricatures -RRB- make the story lose its believablity and will distance many readers whose understanding of or expeirence in gay/lesbian culture goes beyond what they have learned from Jerry Springer .
 After reading all of the reviews for this book , I thought it would be pretty good . However , I found it to be predictable . The story-line seemed be dragging at several points in the book and I just was n't buying THE REASON for Adrian 's betrayal - it seemed unrealistic .
 This book was poorly written and contained information that was purely insulting . Women with perms are not natural and small black colleges produce mediocre people . Black women should uplift their people . We get knocked down enough already .
 The advice itself is outdated and not useful , however the general principal will never be obsolete . Save what you can , work hard and do n't live outside your means . I 'll try the Modern American Frugal Housewife instead .
 I love frugal and economical but this book made no sense to me . Reminds me of the foxwoods books but not nearly as useful.My first Kindle book that I had to delete without even reading half .
 I was really hoping that this book would have up-to-date tips on saving money . A few pages into the book , I realized that rarely did the suggestions apply to today 's world . I was only able to read just a few pages . Disappointing .
 But few of the ideas are practical in today 's world . I suppose if you lived on a homestead with few amenities you might be able to glean some usefulness from this book . But as a modern dweller , I was disappointed .
 This is a reprint of the 1906 edition . Linotype and monotype were recent technological innovations . The Helvetica typeface was 50 years in the future . No one had yet thought of using endnotes rather than footnotes . A hyphen is recommended in cases such as
 This reprint is a facimile of the original edition , but is poorly reproduced . It is a print-on-demand edition , and the original was scanned in halftone mode so that all the text has a dot-screen pattern making it uncomfortable to read .
 Well , who ` da thought it ? Bought this , thinking it was somewhat akin to the current edition and what to my surprise , it is the 1906 version and it is n't worth BEANS . What a waste of time and money.Now the current version of this book would be a good addition to anyone 's library .
 The Chicago Manual of Style has become the standard for professional writers and publications in many different fields . But this `` 1st Edition '' is hopelessly of date . It 's okay for historical purposes but so much of the English language and syntax has changed over the years that an up-to-date edition would be much more valuable , even if the price is higher.Russ Heitz -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm a long-time Zane Grey fan and thought I 'd read all his Westerns , but apparently I 'd missed this one . While I agree with the other reviewers about his compelling descriptions of the West and its beauty , overall I found the story both boring and didactic . Missing were the memorable characters of many other of his books ; missing also was the kind of action that makes it hard to put my Kindle down . I 'm afraid that I can give it only two stars .
 I must beg to differ with the other reviewers . I found this book to becompetently written and full of beautiful images of the landscape of themagnificent American West , but the love story , the social commentary , the cardboard characters , and the rigid , intolerant , and sometimesabsurd ideas left me cold.Glenn Kilbourne returns from the First World War in Europe and goes westto recover his health . His old New York City fiancee , Carly Burch , goesto visit him in hopes of luring him back to New York . But Glenn haschanged . He 's become a man of the west , a farmer and hog raiser , amanual laborer , an outdoorsman , a man among men . Carly tried mightilyto prove her worthiness by riding horses and sharing his life , butultimately returns to New York . Once there , she sees the shallowness ofher city life and finally goes west again.Grey 's idea of manhood and womanhood are about as stereotyped and malechauvinist as one can get . I ca n't cite page numbers here because Iread the book as a Gutenberg download on a PDA , but I 've got the exactquotes . Let 's listen to a few of them : Glenn to Carly speaking about Carly 's female friends : ... `` The best of you girls regard marriage as an escape , instead of responsibility . You do n't marry to get yourshoulders square against the old wheel of Americanprogress -- to help some man make good -- to bring atroop of healthy American kids into the world . Youbare your shoulders to the gaze of the multitude andlike it best if you are strung with pearls . '' ... Perhaps you did n't realize that the American soldiers who went to Francein 1918 were fighting to keep the Germans from violating the women ofNew York and Wisconsin.Glenn 's injured friend Rust from Wisconsin , speaking to Carly : ... `` You see , we soldiers all had feelings . And in onething we all felt alike . That was we were going tofight for our home and our women . I should say womenfirst . No matter what we read or heard about standingby our allies , fighting for liberty of civilization , the truth was we all felt the same , even if we neverbreathed ... . Glenn fought for you . I fought forNell ... . We were not going to let the Huns treat you asthey treated French and Belgian girls . '' ... Perhaps there are some women in the U.S. who do n't feel a need to marryor raise children . Maybe they even like to dance or listen to jazz!And to think that instead of raising good American kids , they 're lettingforeigners come in and pollute our race . For shame says Zane Grey ... `` Nothing wrong with jazz -- where the lights go out inthe dance hall and the dancers jiggle and toddle andwiggle in a frenzy ? Nothing wrong in a country wherethe greatest college can not report birth of one childto each graduate in ten years ? Nothing wrong with racesuicide and the incoming horde of foreigners ? '' ... I know that this was written in an earlier period , but even in the1920 's there were people in the U.S. who struggled for women 's rightsand who did not see `` the incoming horde of foreigners '' as bringing aboutAmerican `` race suicide '' . And while many disagreed about why we shouldor should not fight in the war , I should think that everybody with anyunderstanding of current events in the 1920 's understood that World WarI had nothing to do with protecting the women of America from Germanrapists.Grey was a throwback to a primitive mentality , anti-urban , anti-foreign , anti-female , anti-intellectual . The `` love story '' , such as it was , wasnothing but a story of a woman 's complete submission to a man . Therewas zero accommodation of the man to the woman . It was 100 % the otherway around.I could n't take either the ideas or the love story seriously . I 'll giveit two stars for its beautiful depiction of the west and for it ` scompetent writing . But I think that even that may be generous .
 I was slightly disappointed in this book , knowing it was a Zane Gray . The storyline is a love story , but the author dwells more on his views and tries to usealot of words to explain the surroundings . The physical dimensions of thebook was too large & bulky . Again , if your interest is in love stories , thenyou might enjoy this book .
 This is primarily Grey 's diatribe and condemnation of the lack of support of returning WWI combat veterans . A historical note
 Less western , more what makes a woman tick . Not a favorite , skipped whole paragraphs after one too many trips through this girl 's two page at a thought train .
 This is my first Zane Grey book I 've ever read . I was expecting an old-fashioned Western with cowboys , six shooters , `` purty '' school marms and villians in black hats . This book is n't about that at all.What it is is part condemnation of America 's shoddy treatment of its returning soldiers after World War I , and part condemnation of the modern women of the times.Zane Grey , using the voices of his fictional characters , rants against `` modern feminine unrest '' -LRB- AKA feminism -RRB- , the immoral dress of the flapper -LRB- Heavens , her ankles are showing ! -RRB- and says the women are , and I quote , `` idle , luxrious , selfish , pleasure-craving , lazy , useless , work-and-children shirking , absolutely no good . `` In one memorable scene , Grey has his heroine Carly preaching about the evils of such things as motion pictures , automobiles , jazz , birth control and plucking eyebrows . Oddly , Grey seems to be obsessed with a low birth rate in the nation and refers several times in the book to the fact that women are n't having babies like they should . It makes me curious as to what exactly was going on in the early 1920 's . So while this book was n't what I was expecting it to be , it turned out to be an interesting take on what post-World War I America appeared to be to one man .
 I had to buy this book for a class . It is the most BORING book ever . If you do n't have to buy this , please save yourself the misery of having to read it and do n't !
 Willie Williams and his fraternity brothers from `` the University '' -LRB- Stanford thinly disguised -RRB- go through the second world war and return to pick up their lives . Their problems are as expected
 I was very disappointed in this book . I collect Westmoreland Milk Glass - primarily the grape panel pattern . There was very little in this book on milk glass . A true Westmoreland Glass book would have a great bit of it in there .
 This is a difficult book to rate because it is strong on a few points , but extremely weak on others . It provides the most detailed history of Westmoreland Glass that I have ever seen , and some of the facts are fascinating . However , it is very , very , very poorly organized . Photos are not always identified . Many items are discussed but not depicted in photo or sketch . The price guide in the back uses different names/descriptions than what is used in the text of the book , so you can never be sure if you are checking value on the correct item . I enjoyed the book , but if you want to learn more about various pieces of Westmoreland glass , you will need to buy other books . Unfortunately , I can not offer advice on what others because I have not found a good one yet . Lorainne Kovar 's books are GROSSLY OVERPRICED and still do not do the job they should . I would NOT recommend Kovar 's books on any subject .
 As readers of Paul Lindsay novels know , the former FBI agent often portrays the modern day FBI in a less than flattering manner . What John Grisham did for layers in his novels , Paul Lindsey has done for the FBI . However , usually Paul Lindsey novels have at their core an agent hero fighting a flawed system where stats and appearances weigh more heavily than actual police work . In this thoroughly depressing novel , which also lacks any shred of humor found in his other works , the hero is fatally flawed on so many levels ; the conclusion becomes anti-climatic and expected.Jack Kincade is an alcoholic , a degenerate gambler according to his ex-wife 's attorney , a non-existent father to his son , Cole , and a burned out FBI agent . Emotionally dead to himself and others , he spices up his life by robbing banks using a technique perfected years ago involving night deposits . Assigned to investigate those same cases , which are very low dollar in terms of risk and reward , he has managed to dead end them all to this point . However , a lie can only be sustained so long.Thanks to the unexpected re-opening of a three-year-old kidnapping case after the frustrated father plants a bomb under the local jail , Jack Kincade 's world slowly begins to its final collapse . Partnered with Agent Ben Alton who is currently in remission form cancer after doctors amputated part of one leg , they begin to work the case . But in so doing , while successful on one level , Alton makes a fatal error in judgment with massive repercussions for everyone . With all the speed and emotion of geologic plates , this novel grinds toward a steadily darker life for all the characters involved in this novel.This certainly is not the best that Paul Lindsey has to offer . Virtually all the characters involved in this 260-page novel , are robotic in thought , emotion , and deed . That fact coupled with the incredible amount of loathing and self hatred expressed by many of these characters is appalling . The redeeming motivations found in his works are sadly lacking in this effort . Hopefully , this book is not a sign that like his fictional characters ; Paul Lindsey is burned out as an author .
 I read four chapters and put the book up for sale without finishing it . Why do some of these romance writers think it endears us to their heroes and heroines for them to be dumber than dirt ? And why do they think it 's funny to repeat the same thing over and over and over?Ugh . I got rid of Bradley ... and Cruisie as an author I 'll pick up and read .
 I have read a few of Ms. Crusie 's books and this has got to be the worst . The book was a total of 248 pages of nothing but a dingbat heroine and somewhat boring hero . I was truly surprised . The plot should 've been excellent . Instead it dragged and the heroine Lucy and hero Zach seemed to jump on each other the minute they met . I never got to see where they fell in love or when they even became friends . The lines are blurred . Even now I am not convinced they loved each other , more like they settled for one another because Zach was getting older and Lucy was lonely and they needed companionship.The ` funny parts ' the reviews talked about I thought were contrived in light of how the story was progressing and did n't help . Zach was too ... I do n't know ... he got under my skin . We are supposed to believe this guy was a hottie and a ` bad boy cop ' ect , ect , but all I got was he was in some sort of midlife crisis at age 38 . Lucy had other major issues I wo n't even get into , lol . I am surprised she made it through life as a teacher , that 's all I am going to say , lol . ~ Lucy Savage is not having a good day or week . Her cheating , loser of an ex-husband did n't even have the nerve to show up in court for the divorce and the dye job has left her hair green and breaking apart . To make matters worse ? Someone is trying to kill her . Now she is contending with a sexy cop named Zach who 's eyes smolder when he looks at her but he is looking for her ex Bradley . Apparently Bradley is not only a cheater , but an embezzler too . How will she finally get rid of Bradley ??? Zach will protect her round the clock until they catch whoever is trying to kill her by blowing up her car , her bed and breaking into her house . But who is worse ? Bradley the cheater-embezzler-ex , the guy trying to kill her , or Zach-the-sexy-cop ? And how in the world is she going to fix this hair!Really dissapointed . Was hoping for a funny romp , but was left frowning and wishing I had picked up another book . Try her other books , they are much better in my opinion ... ` Crazy For You ' or ` Welcome to Temptation ' for example ... Tracy Talley ~ @
 I love Jennifer Crusies books , and while this title was n't a complete waste of my time , it was n't a keeper either . This story was too simplistic and lacked the marks of a seasoned author . I looked at the copyright and was surprised to see it was recent as I would have thought this was a first effort .
 This book was a waste of my time - I bought the bundle and now I 'm not going to bother reading any more of Ms Cruise 's ghastly stories . The dialogue was atrocious -LRB- and not at all amusing -RRB- , not once did I even crack a smile , let alone laugh out loud , and the plot was so neatly wrapped up that it underscored its decided lack of depth.Agree with another reviewer - if you want mystery and romance , read Janet Evanovich !
 The ONLY reason I am giving this book a MARGINAL 2 stars is because it is entertaining in how bad it is . The plot is contrived , the characters are one sided and annoying and the writing is wretched . And no ... it 's not even funny . I did n't even crack a grin.But probably the biggest annoyance with the book is how annoying the characters itself are . Lucy tries so desperately to assert her `` independence '' it 's irritating ... and the bad boy sexy mytery cop ? The whole mid-life crisis thing made him not so mysterious ... and defiantly not sexy ... Honestly there were times when I had to stop reading in the middle of a chapter and just walk away because it just raditated with ... stupidity.If you want to read about a smart , funny airhead , with not one but TWO sexy men than please check out Janet Evanovich Stephanie Plum series.Trust me , you 're wasting your time by reading the title .
 Too short and too fluffy for the money . Wait for a -LRB- very -RRB- cheap used paperback .
 This book was a disappointment in comparison to other Crusie books . Her books were my first foray into contemporary romance . The plot is not too developed or very interesting for that matter . And the main characters , they come off pretty flat .
 After reading and loving Jennifer Crusie ` sBet MeI quickly downloaded a few more of her titles . I was looking forward to more light , quirky and amusing fun . I should 've been a little more specific.Lucy Savage just got divorced . Her newly ex-husband did n't even bother showing up for the final signing . Her controlling , though well-intentioned , sister is ready to remove body parts off the man , but Lucy is feeling more confused than heartbroken . She wants answers for why her husband was making time with a blonde bimbo in their house . Over lunch , she tries to explain to her sister that she 's okay but ready to take control over her own life ... as soon as she gets answers from Bradley for why he did what he did.Across the restaurant , two cops working on an embezzlement case overhear Lucy talking about Bradley and officer Zack Warren realizes that the tip he and his partner got to show up at this dive to nab Bradley the embezzler just went live . He confronts Lucy as she 's leaving the restaurant ... and then bullets are flying and he 's getting beat up by the woman who 's life he just saved.Lucy feels nothing but empowered as she realizes she 's successfully defended herself against a mugging and takes off after the police show up to grab the wretched scruffy guy in leather who put his hands on her . She feels so empowered , in fact , she decides to die her hair . Blonde was a mistake , so she tries for brunette . Just as she 's realizing that the attempted dye job left her hair dead and ... well ... green ... the doorbell rings and the thug she 'd beat up is standing there ... with his policeman 's shield in hand . Oops.Today Lucy got divorced , shot at , manhandled , dyed her hair green , and beat up a cop . She is n't having a good day.What started out as a sort of loony but amusing premise was quickly strained by an anorexic plot that pushed beyond the boundaries of plausibility or credulity and by characters that lacked more than superficial development . Zack is the Peter Pan who equates committed relationships with death and Lucy is the pushover who is so intent on remaking herself she 's willfully blind to common sense.Though I prefer more three dimensional characters and found Zack 's abrupt about-face on relationships as soon as he spends time with Lucy a bit hard to swallow , I honestly liked him . He 's pretty uncomplicated and generally a nice guy - and any male who still wants a woman with ugly green hair is worth something . His character and his reaction to things is where all the humor in this book lays for me . I did n't find him believable , and he 's pretty two dimensional , but I did generally enjoy him.What really turned me off this book was Lucy . I found her character to be so irredeemable - between her lack of common sense and worse , lack of intelligence , her absurdly obtuse reactions even after things started blowing up , and her apparent lack of self preservation , I could n't figure out for the life of me how Zack could even tolerate her , let alone love her . I actually found her distasteful as a character and difficult to read when paired with Zack.Unfortunately , for a book like this to work for me , I have to like both leads - like I did Min and Cal in Bet Me . I so disliked Lucy that what would have been a silly and unrealistic but entertaining light romantic comedy , Getting Rid of Bradley , was ruined for me . 1.5 Stars.Originally reviewed for One Good Book Deserves Another .
 There was something missing in this book and I believe it was the lack reality . I thought it was very funny but it was too unrealistic . I mean come on - a woman meets the man of her dreams the same day she is going to court to get a divorce - which yes that by itself could happen - but then the dream man happens to be severly commitment-phobic -LRB- he equates commitment to marriage and marriage to death -RRB- but after living with her for a few days he falls in love and asks her to marry him and obssesses over the idea of marrying her -LRB- oh yeah and it just so happens that he moves into her house the day after they meet because he is protecting her from a psycho ex-husband -RRB- . It was cute and all but as I was reading it just got more and more unbelievable . When I 'm reading a book I like to believe that the story could potentially happen in real life . This story is too far fetched . The whole book -LRB- newly divorced girl meets commitment phobic boy , move in together , fall in love , and decide to get married -RRB- happens in less than two weeks ! It is funny though with all the dogs and the dialouge . so it 's an easy funny read but it does n't leave a warm fuzzy feeling behind because it 's based in la-la land .
 The story line is the typical Crusie formula but plot was weak and felt rushed . Characters fall for each other almost immediately and without reason so the tension between them is lacking in comparison to her other books .
 I 've read a number of Crusie books , and the first few were enjoyable enough fluff , but then they all started to blend together . This was no differetn The stories and characters are WAY too similar book to book , right down to the physical descriptions and situations they find themselves in , the secondary characters , the settings , and even the way it all ends up.Also , I listened to this on audio book , and for the life of me ca n't figure out why the narrator assigned Lucy 's sister a Staten Island-ish accent . If they 're sisters who grew up together , why would one have that accent and the other not ? It was so stupid it was distracting !
 To be honest I did n't really like this book , it does n't really have spells just chants and potions and stuff , I would recommend buying somethine else .
 I ordered this book because of the good reviews , expecting a great book full of spells.There are n't many spells however , like the cover implies . Instead the author gives his knowledge of herbs , incenses and oils and what each can be used for.Spoken and Written spells seems to give a few spells worth trying , but overall , if you 're looking for an actual `` spell book '' , this is n't the one unless you like to go herb/incense/oil hunting.I returned the book the next day .
 This book was not a hit for me for serious reading about a century ofspells . I was hoping to get some of great great great great and so ongrandmother spells and this book does not give that . It was a fun book to go through .
 This book is a series of photos depicting a baby and a grandpa sharing an activity such as painting or eating . My two-year-old daughter loves going through page by page and naming each activity . My problem is that , except for one Asian , all of the babies and grandpas are white . It does n't reflect the ethnic mix of America at all . I do n't want my daughter assuming that all grandpas look the same . It bothers me every time we read it .
 Heed the School Library Journal Review . It said everything that I would have . I am amazed that this book was even published , much less picked up by an editor ... . And it makes me wonder what kind of editor would say that this `` book '' passed muster . I have read many books , all far more deserving of a read than this one , so I feel that I can say with utmost certainty that the writing quality is poor , the characters are all stock , the `` drama '' and `` secrecy '' is laughable at best , you can smell all the plot `` twists '' coming from a gazillion light-years away , and you have to marvel at the main character 's slowness at `` interpreting '' the `` symbols '' in her very transparent dreams and the `` meaningful coincidences '' that occur throughout the frayed plot . When I picked this book up , I was looking for a good fantasy \ adventure read with some romance tossed in . What I got was a bunch of words thrown together that even a first-grader could read through easily -- but I would n't dare insult one by giving him \ her this book to read at all . I 'm even hesitant to give it away or sell it second-hand because I do n't want anyone else to waste their time reading it . I realize that my review sounds hostile and cruelly blunt , but while it may be that , it is also honest .
 Although the logic sections of this book provide suffiecent tips , the math section lacked depth . I would not recommend this book as a primary soure , rather careful study of regular school curriculum should make you do well on this test . After all it is a test of what you have learned . Nothing prepares you more than keeping up regularly .
 The workbook was missing the key software that will be required in the course . VERY UNHAPPY . I wrote customer services and was not offered the missing software , but only to send it back . I need the workbook for my class , and the class is in its fourth week . I have since ordered the software from the manufacturer.Jim McShane
 Galbraith 's insight on society unfortunately gets lost in a maze of double negatives and confusing sentence structure . His ideas are sound , though he has a very off-putting pompous delivery . In fact , his verbosity and poor structure is so bad , that it turns what should be a slim read into a fairly mind-numbing experience . The book really needs to go back to an editor .
 Galbraith is an economist who could only operate in academia -- in any other setting he would be a joke . In his many books , which are widely cited , he attempts to provide an economic justification to socialism . The principle flaw in this book , from which all the others radiate out , is that all spending is equal . That government spending is just as productive to the economy as personal or corporate spending . He uses this assumption to justify confiscation of wealth by the government through the tax code . Of course , we know now that most of the taxes collected by the government is at best wasted money , and at worst counterproductive to society -LRB- welfare , subsidies , foreign aid to countries that hate us , etc. -RRB- All that being said , I highly recommend reading this book . It 's important to know the enemy .
 Mr. Galbraith is smart , accomplished , and learned man who knows what is best for all us . His view of a good society differs from past visions of societal utopia . Rather than a completely coercive state directing the actions of its citizens to some hirer calling , Mr. Galbraith aims to be ` practical ' and just further defines the third way . Nonetheless , his proposal of what makes a good society is not the classical liberal view and it is more attuned to the European model of society . Many of his proposals are so silly you wo n't take them seriously . But sadly , he is quite serious . For example , Mr. Galbraith states that in a good society everyone should have a rewarding life . Of course , he never defines the standard by which society should judge whether or not a life is rewarding . Neither does he address what one should do if their life is un-rewarding and what the obligation is of society to fulfill that vision of a rewarding life . And , of course , who is the ` rewarding life judge ' and does this judge have the authority of the state to take something from someone -LRB- who has a life that is deemed too rewarding -RRB- for someone who has life that is too un-rewarding . Mr. Galbraith fails to convince the reader of the practicality of his proposals and ends up straddling a line between socialism and capitalism , and saying nothing new .
 Galbraith is a very clear writer . He rarely uses technical jargon or mathematics . But unlike some other popular writers , it is n't because he is able to explain complex phenomena without them . He does n't appear to understand them . This book reads like a fairy tale or child 's letter to Santa Claus . Mr. Galbraith does n't seem to understand economics well enough to pass economics 101 . But he does have an excellent command of the English language .
 John Kenneth Galbraith can be considered a pragmatic liberal , and what he has offered in The Good Society is a concise outline of how a country can - and should - both prosper and take care of its economically deprived citizens . Galbraith argues that the government should bear the responsibility for building an equitable society , and he discusses his view of the proper role of government in areas ranging from education to foreign policy.The fundamental problem with the book is that it lacks the depth of treatment that his topics demand . Each of the chapters , which range from 8 to 10 pages in length , concentrates on a single , unique topic that would normally fill out an entire book . Accordingly , most of the points Galbraith makes are vague and general . For instance , he points out that America 's foreign policy should emphasize maintaining peaceful relationships with other nations so as to encourage free trade , but he does n't delve much further into the issue . Specific policy proposals are never mentioned.The second problem with the book , which is a consequence of the first , is that the ideas Galbraith offers are neither novel nor particularly insightful . In the introduction , he challenges the reader by claiming that some of his proposals for society will ruffle a few feathers , but none of the views in the book fall outside the mainstream of the Democratic Party.What makes The Good Society worthwhile is Galbraith 's argument , which he carries throughout the book , that policy should never be subordinated to ideology . Policy decisions , our pragmatist demonstrates , should be examined on the particulars of the individual case and should not be based on any brand of economic dogma . Also , the topics and general proposals presented in the book remain relevant today though the book was written ten years ago.On a stylistic level , the book is inconistsent . The writing ranges from concise and lucid to jarringly awkward . The frequent use of double-negatives , fragments , and inverted sentence structure make the reader go back over passages more than once.Because of the somewhat facile traetment of complex issues , I recommend The Good Society primarily to those without much prior knowledge of liberal -LRB- i.e. Democratic -RRB- policy . Generally , it is a `` not unpleasant '' read .
 This book was alright . It was n't exactly what I had expected . The story seemed a little above my kindergarteners . They did n't quite understand it all . It would probably be great for first or second grades .
 I bought this book with the honest wish to encounter a real criticism of Nietzsche 's thought . I believe it is in the interest of us all , and especially of us Americans , for Socialism to take on this Herculean critic of itself and of the ` herd ' in general . What I found was an encounter with a fantasy version of Nietzsche . This book is so wrong headed , from the perspective of someone who has real knowledge of Nietzsche 's thought , that it produces wry smiles that decline into outright laughter at the obvious bloopers . Finally I am left with embarrassment at the level of scholarship coming from Cornell , and even praised on the back cover by professors from Princeton and Yale . The book is admirably footnoted but most of the sources are secondary to Nietzsche 's writings and the many references to Nietzsche 's ideas are rarely footnoted -LRB- and indeed they could n't possibly be because they are often obviously wrong . -RRB- It is written in the obscure jargon that Foucault , Derrida , Heidegger , et al have made de rigueur in American graduate schools and is therefore difficult to understand without contorting oneself into a postmodern pretzel . I think , to end on a sort of positive note , it would make good fodder for a critique of the whole paranoid left , a left that was at the heart of the murder of socialism both from within and from without . So in a sort of negative move to optimism , and to steal a small amount of voltage and noise from the thunder and lightening of the -LRB- hopefully spurious -RRB- Left , go ahead and buy this book and use it as an object lesson on how not to write , how not to criticise Marx , Lenin , Lennon , Groucho , Nietzsche , or even your own mother let alone the Grand Dragon that this book tries to slay . `` Nietzsche 's position , '' this book proclaims fatuously , `` is the only one outside of communism . '' What else can I say ?
 I wrote the following review , in haste , in 2000 , but I 'm going to resist the temptation to revise it
 This is more of a pamphlet really . It is 100 pages long but the print is huge . There is no discussion of cultural expectations or changes in male-female relationships . I was looking for a thoughtful discussion of etiquette . What I got was a particular woman 's ranting about what kind of man she wants and what she finds irritating in the men she dates . Personally , I 'm not sure the author is the type of woman I am looking for , so I did n't find the `` book '' very helpful .
 This is an incomplete 1902 translation of Prus ' classic historical novel , `` Pharaoh . '' -LRB- It is missing the author 's stunning Epilog , which was restored only later from the original manuscript . -RRB- The translator , Jeremiah Curtin , demonstrates an abysmally poor understanding of the original text 's Polish language , and an equally poor grasp of English style . His primitive knowledge of the book 's subject matter and his inept , wooden , inaccurate translation -- it contains some real howlers -- help explain the novel 's limited appreciation , until recently , among English-language readers .
 This author knew very little about ancient Egypt , it 's people and it 's history - and did n't bother to learn.A wast of time .
 I wish this was broken into sections like the copy I borrowed from the library . It 's kind of overwhelming the way it is printed without any breaks .
 I know this is a classic , popular book , and Walt Whitman is amazing , but it just seemed like rambling random thoughts to me . I 'm sure there are a few lines in there that will really speak to me , but I could n't finish it . Maybe it 's just too intellectual for me .
 At least as available for the Kindle , this is not the 1855 edition . It seems to be the final edition , which is of course great , but not what I intended to get based on the product description posted . Also , the foreward and afterward mentioned in the description are missing . I do n't expect the moon for a low price , but I do expect to get what I pay for .
 I bought this book based on buyer 's reviews . I was very disappointed . This book is filled with much violence and little mystery/content .
 this was the same literature but not the book that was pictured on amazon website . very old version and took forever to get here .
 I bought this and returned it . There must be someone out there with the right voice and reading skills to bring us Whitman 's words and rhythms . Ms. Gibson 's soprano sing-song does n't make it .
 Although he may be as genius as he is , Walt Whitman is just random . His structure and development are atrocious , leaving us in a cloud of confusion . His lists , names , and metaphors can only be described as random thought . And do n't even get me started on his comma use . That 's how my little sister writes for crying out loud ! I mean , do n't you remember ? You 'd get lucky if you found an `` and '' in there somewhere . Granted , he did revolutionize poetry and writing as we know it . However , certain selections for his ever famous Song of Myself show that he can sure describe those bodily actions that he seems to love so much . I can cut him some slack , probably because he 's a romantic writer , but his random stringing of words , phrases , and lists do his poetry injustice . Poor Jonathon Edwards would be turning in his grave ...
 Whitman Glorified?Whitman 's descriptions of nature are inspired and his style exudes with the same passion as his subject . Yet , his self-absorption overshadows his talent . Whitman 's poem , `` Song of Myself '' takes up a significant portion of the book , Leaves of Grass . Here , Whitman keeps no points in reserve , but spends 52 sections `` celebrating '' himself . He feels he , as man , is the great panacea . He suckles at its mercy until it fills not only his subject matter , but influences his technique and his structure as well . His intriguing mind leads the reader along , until disappointment is found in another laborious passage expounding god status and the call to ascend to his level of distorted thinking . Whitman 's momentary descriptive nuggets are lost in a sea of narcissism .
 Walt Whitman 's life 's work is his `` Leaves of Grass '' , enlarged over the years with additional poems . Regarded as America 's poet , Whitman wrote in the 1840s through the 1880s , encompassing both the `` Manifest Destiny '' ideology of the pre-war , through the Reconstruction period of US History.The poems are diverse and upbeat . The language , for the most part , is clear and easy . Nevertheless , like most poetry today , the poems are so little different from prose , except in the presentation into lines . Very few poetic devises are used.One may correctly criticize my critique as one who does not appreciate contemporary poetry . But , in comparison to rhyhming verse by Longfellow , Frost , Byron , Browning , or Shakespeare , current poetry appears meaningless.Although a classic , `` Leaves of Grass '' offers only one or two poems that qualify for a standard anthology . None of his poems are memorable . Not a single line is considered worthy of citing anywhere in literature.I give two stars to the work , simply because I must admit my own incompetence in modern poetry appreciation . Whitman is considered important enough to be the major poet in the movie , `` Dead Poet 's Society '' ; so , the reputation of the work must be quite impressive , though it beats me how that is .
 The bold faced comments by Laura Ross are frustrating . Who cares what she thinks ? It would have been much more appropriate and an easier read without them . The thoughts are not sensitive to the original - seems lick a gemick.Not happy with the book .
 I recently got a Kindle , so I started looking for books to put in to it . Walt Whitman 's `` Leaves of Grass '' is an old favorite of mine , so I looked for Kindle editions . There were 31 matches to my search , though not all of them are the actual book of poems . My complaints about this offering start with the absence of a table of contents . Whitman did n't title the poems in the original 1855 edition , though he did in subsequent editions , but a table of contents could show the first line of each poem . Beyond the lack of TOC , the edition is not identified nor is the `` publisher , '' which makes it difficult , though not impossible , to associate a rating with a specific offering .
 The Kindle edition of this great book is not well formatted , and is thus physically difficult to read . Line breaks appear in the middle of words , not always divided by syllable or in a way that would meet the approval of any author of a manual of style.Having only paid 99 cents for this tome , I can only comment that I suppose I got what I paid for .
 Walt Whitman 's literary reputation has been hyped by `` gay '' critics -LRB- I suspect -RRB- . I 'm not totally hostile to free verse ; in fact , I like T.S. Eliot , the most famous proponent of this genre , but Whitman wrote ramblingly , seemingly devoid of poetic coherence that the reader 's creative imagination is left unstirred . I agree with Robert Frost , the truly great American poet , that writing poetry without the classic , conventional rules is like playing tennis -- with no net .
 I compared this to many other editions and this edition is completely wrong , the structure of the poems is all messed up.It 's such a pity considering Whitman 's poetry that the people of Simon and Brown were not even able to print an edition that manages to respect something as simple as the spacing and lines of the poems.Here is an example of the Simon and Brown edition , exactly as it was printed by them : As I ponder 'd in silence , Returning upon my poems , considering , lingering long , A Phantom arouse before me with distrustful aspect , Terrible in beauty , age , and powerIt is painfully obvious that it should be , as I have seen in all other editions I consulted : As I ponder 'd in silence , Returning upon my poems , considering , lingering long , A Phantom arose before me with distrustful aspect , Terrible in beauty , age , and power , The whole book was edited in this way , which makes it unreadable
 In the full bloom of my late sixties , I find too much of Whitman 's writing far less rhapsodic or even elegiac than I both remember and am told it to be . Hot air , any one ?
 I was n't exposed to Whitman in my education so I gave this try . I ploddingly and tediously read the introduction and the first 40 pages of this book before I threw it down.I failed and I am sorry . Certainly I am a philistine who deserves to be excoriated by the community who loves his work . Here 's my attempt to make peace : If you 're wondering if Whitman 's `` Leaves of Grass '' is a good place to start your enjoyment of poetry , go ahead and give it a whirl ! You can get it used for a penny .
 This edition DOES NOT contain a table of contents , which makes it impossible to navigate and totally useless overall.Save your dollar and look elsewhere .
 ... but this book is not usable in its current form for me . It has no searchable table of contents or index and I very much needed that . If all you want is to read it from 0 % to 100 % completion and not skip around , as I need to do , then spend your $ .99 . I returned mine and for another $ 2.00 bought the Floating Wolf Quarterly edition which is perfect for an ebook and I give FIVE stars.One other note to the publishers and to Amazon . One buys a book for two reasons . One is for the content , the story or facts that it contains and for that it could be handwritten on construction paper or kleenex . But the second reason is feel , ease of use , convenience and a certain unsayable aesthetic quality . These ebook editions lack severely in the aesthetic area but are wonderful in the convenience category . So , I wish the publishers would spend a little more time perfecting the convenience areas , even in the 99 cent versions . For many these books are what people begin with when they purchase a new e-reader and can lead to bigger sales later . You guys are missing the boat by more than just a few minutes here .
 Although the poems are beautiful ... and I certainly do n't mean to bash Whitman with this 2-star rating ... it 's the wrong book . NOT AS ADVERTISED . This was supposed to be the original 1855 edition . That 's what I expected , and therefore -LRB- in my mind -RRB- what I was paying for . The original 1855 edition , according to modern literary analysis , was the `` strongest/purest '' version . It was the true starting point of Whitman 's own -LRB- and consequently America 's -RRB- poetic awakening . Consisting of just 12 `` perfect '' poems , it was THAT edition which Emerson praised so highly.Whitman never put out another book ... just revision after revision , addition after addition , and edition after edition of Leaves Of Grass ... until you wind up with `` the deathbed edition '' which is a severely bloated and different work from the original.I was very much looking forward to a slender volume of the original edition . Which is what the item description says this is . It 's not . Be forewarned ... it 's the Deathbed Edition of 1892 ... nearly 500 pages . And frankly , there are MUCH better versions of the deathbed edition . Sturdier versions with nicer pages exist -LRB- this is a pretty weak paperback , printed on pulp pages -RRB- , with better footnotes and more authoritive introductions . Shop around.To sum up ... the 2 star rating is because lying about which edition this is , is a terrible way to sell the book . Whitman was fantastic and the poetry contained in the book itself is first rate . It just would have been nice to get what I paid for . The `` true '' editon , written by a YOUNG Whitman at the height of his powers ...
 A co-worker gave this book to me . He was more of a fan than I , but Whitman grew on me , and over the next several months , I learned to appreciate his work.However , I left this book above my toilet and was disturbed that a relative of mine snooped through it while taking a dump , discovering secrets that this co-worker and I had together . I now regret ever having read this silly book and am planning on burning it .
 NOT ! So many times I have tried to catch up with classics I missed reading when I was younger . I found this almost impossible to wade through . I never finished it .
 It is frustrating that the Kindle can not accommodate this . It was not fun to read with awkward line breaks .
 While I adore the first edition of Leaves of Grass , this book is not as advertised . I definitely encourage you to buy it in another edition . I returned mine with a note , so hopefully Amazon will change the description soon .
 I was looking forward to reading this since all the reviews were so positive . What a disappointment ! It 's a story that really goes nowhere . -- Just when you think something may happen , it does n't and your left with a rambling tale of a boy 's life . I did not find it clever or quotable . I consider myself a reader and found nothing in this book that stayed with me . I was happy to finish it just because I 'm one of those people that hates to Not finish a book once i 've started it . Thank God it was n't a long book . That 's the only good thing I can say about it .
 Trick or Treat sounded like a great book from the blurb on the cover , What I found was vile and disgusting . I kept reading thinking it must get better . But no . It never got better . What I found was that the ending proved how really poorly written this book is -- the author had multiple threads going . At the end , she dealt with none of them and ended on an improbability that only left more improbabilities . This is the only book I 've ever consigned straight to the trash .
 If this was your first Travis McGee book , do n't worry . Most of them are much , much better . This book suffers from an overload of the author 's rambling commentary on society . After the introduction to jealous husband , you have to slug through 100 pages before you begin to get into typical Travis McGee action . The action is often illogical , and too often Travis - err - Gavin stumbles into old friends at the most unlikely places , bailing him out of trouble . Sorry , this one just did n't click for me . In many ways , it reminded me of the Pale Gray for Guilt story , but there was much less action in this book .
 I 've read all but one of the Travis McGee novels , and this is the only one that felt like John D. was just going through the motions . I think he was burned out , and it really shows . He was too prolific to maintain high quality . This was the 13th book in an 8 year span -LRB- in addition to several non-McGee novels -RRB- ; by contrast , the last 8 books in the series are spread out over 14 years , which helped MacDonald keep the quality high.I can understand why MacDonald need to write this book
 So the consensus is thumbs down.But , even though this is n't MacDonald 's best , and even though there are indeed strong -- I would say uncharacteristic -- elements of misogynism in some of what Travis does to a particular woman for detective purposes , and even though the antagonist is so psychotically evil as to be unlikely to have survived past his teen years -LRB- much less prospered as a super-rich international corporate executive -RRB- , and even though some of the McGee cultural observations seem pedestrian and heavy handed , it 's still John D. MacDonald and Travis McGee.As one of the reviewers remarks , it may not be one of MacDonald 's best -- perhaps his teenage kids were acting up or protesting the war in Vietnam and his wife was verbally abusing him in that timeframe -LRB- 1971 -RRB- -- but it is certainly memorable ... For my complete review of this book and for other book and moviereviews , please visit my site -LSB- ... -RSB- Brian WrightCopyright 2009
 This was about my 13th McGee novel and it was a disappointment . I 'm hip to the Trav legacy , and aware that the author 's condescension toward women , rock music and men with long hair was part of the McDonald DNA -LRB- sign of the times , probably -RRB- . But this book just has too much of that . The villain 's level of sadism is over the top and we are treated to a particularly vicious drowning murder of a woman . The land development scheme is baffling Trav accomplishes a physical feat in the ocean that is flat impossible and his rescue is an outrageous coincidence . Finally , the villain 's comeuppance is out of a James Bond novel . Be warned.Still , I 'll probably get around to more McGee adventures . BTW , ever notice these common traits shared by McGee women
 A colleague of mine left this book on my desk one day . Reading it made me wish he had left the hardbound version , since that way it would have hurt more when I threw it back at him!It 's a detective story , you see , featuring the inimitable Travis McGee , the beach bum cum gumshoe who appears in over a dozen MacDonald outings.What can I say about this book ? In one stroke , MacDonald has managed to outstrip Flaubert , Dostoevsky , and Joyce , making them all look like mewling infants.Here 's just a sample of MacDonald 's deathless prose : `` And I suppose you had an affair with her . '' `` Gee , honey . I 'd have to look it up . `` I caught her fist about five inches from my eye . `` You bahstid , '' she said . -LSB- p. 32 -RSB- Of course , MacDonald can not be accused of being a superficial writer ! Consider these penetrating philosophical musings : `` I own some Sears electric clippers with plastic gadgets of various shapes which fit on the clippers to keep you from accidentally peeling your hair off down to the skull . I find that long hair is a damned nuisance on boats , on the beach , and in the water . So when it gets long enough to start to make me aware of it , I clipper it off , doing the sides in the mirror and the back by feel . The sun bleaches my hair and burns it and dries it out . And the salt water makes it feel stiff and look like some kind of Dynel . Were I going to keep it long , I would have to take care of it . That would mean tonics and lotions and special shampoos . That would mean brushing it and combing it a lot more than I do and somehow fastening it out of the way in a stiff breeze . '' -LSB- pp. 123-124 -RSB- But perhaps Travis , our hero , is at his most debonair when he 's beating the snot out of recalicrant women : `` I smiled at her , pulling her a half-step closer and said , ` If you get loud and say nasty things , dear , if you get on my nerves , I can hold you like this , and I can take this free hand and make a big fist like this , and I can give you one little pop right here that will give you a nose three inches wide and a quarter inch high . '' Please , ' she said in a rusty little voice . ` You can get a job as a clown . Or you can see if you can find a surgeon willing to try to rebuild it . ' '' -LSB- p. 136 -RSB- In sum , if you 're in the mood for sappy , incoherent , misogynistic , and , well , all-around cruddy fiction , you ca n't go wrong with the peerless Travis McGee ! -LRB- The author , John MacDonald , died in 1986 , and therefore -- it tickles me to announce -- will not be inflicting any more of these books on us ! God be praised ! -RRB-
 I bought this book because of the good review I read in ` Preview ' and was really kind of confused when I actually sat down and read it . I have never read anything like it , the whole set up and style was foriegn to me . I found the story itself pretty depressing . At least the parts of it I understood . I can see how some people would consider it deep and moving , but when I finished it I just felt like I had been tricked out of fourteen bucks . Read the first few pages of the preview on this site , it gives you a pretty good idea of the tone of the book . Wish that I had done that .
 I purchased this book based on the praise given in other reviews . I 'm pretty well in touch with my feelings , but this book just did n't do it for me . The progression is disjointed and somewhat hard to follow and the portions that should have been emotional did n't really resonate with me . I also finished this in no more than thirty minutes . Overall , I 'm just not pleased with this one .
 The writing style was fine , but I did n't find it interesting in the least . It may be a classic , but it really did n't do anything for me .
 Kenneth Stamp 's work demarcates a position in Black and White Studies regarding the efficacies of American slavery . The problem with this book is that it does exactly what slavery did which supposed to be rational and pragmatic but the Enlightenment made more problems than it ever solved.Slavery is one such problem and while Stamp examines the necessity of slavery , suggestions that it `` evolved '' rather than was consciously constructed to maximize profit regardless of human consequences to slavers or the enslaved are a complete msireading of what the book and slavery suggests . Stamp 's book is a useful piece in the total picture of slavery but it is by NO MEANS the most significant or even the most current.Everything in a canon is not there because it 's good . This book is in the canon because of it 's succinct economic examination of slavery . As such , Stamp completely neglects to examine racism , the thinking that justified slavery and still exists depsite the fact that plantation slavery no longer exists !
 I got this book hoping to get more insight on , well , `` cases that haunt us '' . This book and several others by Douglas , turned out to be a self-serving puff piece on several complicated cases . This is the literary equivelant of Leslie Neilsen in `` The Naked Gun '' saying `` Move along , there 's nothing to see here '' as a fireworks warehouse explodes behind him.Some of these cases deserve serious examination and not a simplistic write-off . Check out Terry Maury 's `` The Ultimate Evil '' to see where thorough investigation of these crimes can lead .
 The description of JonBenet Ramsey case is very lengthy , detailed and so boooooring -LRB- already known from the media ! -RRB- The `` psychic part '' of this chapter is short , just 2 pages . Short and disappointing , author writes
 Douglas kills his own credibility in the chapter dealing with JonBenet 's murder . He goes against his own previous writings about serial killers and crime scene staging to give John and Patsy Ramsey a pass . He never interviewed Patsy , hardly examined any case evidence , and generally made a fool of himself . The behavioral sciences unit he helped found had infinitely more acces to evidence in that case and they all said , `` Parents killed her , staged crime scene , phony note . '' One even said he 'd retire if they were n't involved . Tell me , Mr. Douglas
 Too many statements of duratiion of time profiling with clear poor grasp of human behavior . `` No mother would act this way . '' Vain , aging beauty queen mothers facing their 40th birthday with a history of dolling up in tights and rouge their preschool age children can probably be suspected of behavior slightly different from the norm . Interesting cases presented , but interpretations of behaviors are superficial , lack insight , lack curiosity . Why did Patsy Ramsey sit unmoved on the sofa while others with her reacted to screams from the basement -- Duh . . No clear answer to who would sit and compose lengthy note without worry of discovery -- Duh . I am inspired to seek other authors for insights .
 I bought this book in the paperback . When I opened it up I realized it was printed in VERY poor quality . The font on the writing is VERY small compared to others , about an eight or ten font on Word , and to make things worse the print is faded and not even crisp black print . I have good eyesight and do n't wear glasses but I knew after the first two pages I would have a major headache if I continued reading this book so I put it up . If extremely small and light faded print bothers you , then you better not buy the mass market paperback version of this book !
 Wait for the paperback . This book is a rehash of earlier works . It may be interesting to those who do n't know much about profiling . However , Mindhunter is a much better book than this recycled effort , which seems to have been written primarily to justify his support of the Ramseys . Regarding the Ramsey case , he presents a few credible scenarios incriminating Paty and/or John , and then immediately dismisses them as `` absurd '' . His ego seems to have created quite a blind spot .
 I enjoy Douglas 's writing style . He has always been an interesting read and was the initiator of my fascination with criminal psychology.However , this book was a far cry from most other things I have read by Douglas and others in the field . He mainly examines 5 cases -LRB- plus some smaller ones -RRB- . He offers insight into Jack the Ripper and the Zodiac enough to offer an interpretation of the mindset of the killer that is weak , but forgiven , considering how little evidence he had to examine . However , his chapter on the Ramsey murders was just maddening . John Douglas , known for his profiling , actually wrote that he will not profile the killer of Jon Ramsey , and he does n't . Although he offers his insight as to why he believes the parents did n't do it , this can easily be dismissed due to his close relationship that he has with the family.The other two cases were n't exactly cases the `` haunt us '' . The Lindenberg kidnapping and a late 1800 murder of a father in the US , were n't exactly enthralling . Considering that Douglas did n't offer any new information to the cases , or offer explanations that were contradictory to other explanations , it seemed he included these as filler ... and that just upsets me.Read Mindhunter , instead .
 Typical Douglas , in his self aggrandizing style , makes himself the authority on all crime related topics . If Douglas could downsize his ego , it would make it easier to read . For example , despite what the police , the state , and even his former colleagues in the FBI considered about the Ramsey case , Douglas `` alone '' has it solved -- i.e. the parents , from whom he took a substantial sum of money for his `` consultation '' , are innocent . Incredible that Douglas makes such a conclusion , even though he wasnt privvy to the evidence , as the FBI was and who came to a markedly different conclusion about the parents ' involvement.A waste of time to read this book . I have to agree with McCrary and Ressler , two greatly respected FBI profilers , that Douglas has gone Hollywood .
 Mr. Douglas has done a great disservice to his profession by his work on the JonBenet Ramsey case . His self-serving and patronizing chapter on the case is incredible . I knew very little about the case before reading this book , and Mr. Douglas certainly offered no credible insight into the matter . There are so many holes in his theories that I am compelled to completely disregard his opinion as entirely motivated by ego . Others have defended his integrity by pointing out that at some point in the case he refused payment for his services , but it sure was useful to have the Ramsey 's cooperation for the purpose of writing this book , for example .
 John Douglas sold himself out to the Ramseys . Acting as a paid consultant , he met with them and reviewed evidence and the crime scene . He criticizes colleagues and other law enforcement that believe the Ramseys are guilty . Mr Douglas did not work for the Boulder police or the D.A. so the evidence he reviewed was that which was made available by the Ramseys.If this is n't tainted , I do n't know what is.The rest of the book rehashes old cases and does not offer any new information . It 's a waste of time and money . Mr Douglas should be ashamed of himself for selling out .
 I thought this book was very boring . I was only fascinated with the details of the cases . I think it was poorly written .
 A Dummy 's Guide to Understanding Bizarre Murder Cases.-I would read this if you were a new immigrant to the Western world . So , i would look around for weightier books , on a specific crime topic.This book is too broad and not informative enough . The reason why these cases haunt the FBI is that they need to turn on the light-switch .
 This book was a major disappointment for me , although that should not have come as a surprise since the quality of Mr. Douglas 's books has declined steadily since the first one I read , Mind Hunter . The premise is a good one -- he uses his modern `` profiling '' techniques to provide insights into some older , well-known murders . But his performance here is mediocre & this book proves to be his weakest yet.The first four chapters deal in detail with Jack the Ripper , Lizzie Borden , the Lindbergh kidnapping , & the Zodiac killer . While the overviews are decent & his analysis more or less sound , of necessity he relies heavily on the writings & research of others & there is really nothing in these chapters that you could not find more extensively in a book devoted exclusively to any of those cases . The next chapter includes three more famous cases -LRB- the Black Dahlia , Bambi Bembenek , & the Boston Strangler -RRB- & the same criticisms that apply to the first chapters apply to this one except that his descriptions & analyses of the cases are much sketchier.The book really falls apart though , in the last full chapter , which covers JonBenet Ramsey . Douglas has ties to the Ramsey family & their lawyers & , while he makes a couple of good points in favor of the `` intruder '' theory , his allegiance is obvious & he often does not play fair with his readers . His attempts to defend the Ramseys from any & all allegations are fairly pathetic & seriously call into doubt his objectivity . As an example , he makes a big deal out of the fact that the Ramseys submitted to having samples of their hair , etc. taken saying that if they were guilty they would never have done so . But this is disingenuous -- the crime scene was the Ramsey house which would have been full of their hair & DNA so matching their samples up with something found in the house would really be meaningless . On the other hand , the Ramseys have consistently refused to be interviewed by the police -- interviews which , if they were guilty , would be very dangerous for them . Douglas also belittles the fact that the Ramseys hired lawyers right after the crime saying that any potential suspect would have done so . While true , it was this `` lawyering up '' that prevented the police from having contact with the Ramseys & from properly investigating the crime . While one could understand a suspect refusing to talk with the police even if he were innocent , it is much more difficult to understand the motivation of a parent whose daughter had just been brutally murdered to impede the investigation of the crime in such a substantial way . Interviewing & clearing the Ramseys , or using the information they provided to match up with other leads , could have focused on some other suspect & possibly solved the case . Regardless of who committed this crime , & it could very well have been an intruder , Douglas 's tortured excuse making for the Ramseys pretty much ruins this book & his credibility in general.For someone who has never read anything on the crimes discussed in the early chapters , this book will provide a decent overview & reference for further reading . But the contents are nothing special & , in the case of the JonBenet chapter , are much less than that . Two stars .
 I went into this knowing I would not agree with the authors take on the Ramsey case , so I was more than willing to agree to disagree on that issue . I found the Ripper and Borden chapters only mildly interesting , mostly just rehashing of information previously known.My main disappointment came with the Zodiac chapter . I have long been fascinated with that case . I was a young child when the murders were taking place , and living in Northern California at the time and I well remember the fear that permeated the area.So I was very sorry to see that not only did Mr. Douglas simply rehash most of the information from Robert Graysmith 's book , which many Zodiac researchers already consider unreliable -LRB- which is a kind description of what many actually think -RRB- , he also mistates what he calls `` fact '' . Mr. Douglas states emphatically that the last `` confirmed '' letter from Zodiac was in 1978 . In fact , although one expert originally confirmed that letter as from the Zodiac , that same expert later changed his position and stated it was a fake , albeit a good one , and all other experts rejected it as NOT having been written by the Zodiac . The fact is the last letter confirmed to have been written by the Zodiac was received in 1974 . Yet Mr. Douglas blithely anounces that the 1978 letter is authentic . Not that he `` believes '' it is authentic , an opinion he would certainly been entitled to argue . Some researchers do clng to that letter as authentic because it fits the most popular suspect , who has since been cleared by both DNA testing and handwriting experts . It fits their theory , based on the time that suspect was released from prison for a child molestation conviction . I would have liked he see the great mindhunters explanation for why a convicted child molestor would go so far outside his normal victim pool and attack young adults as the Zodiac , yet Mr. Douglas completely ignores that incongruity and again blithely states it could have been that suspect or it could have been one of the many other suspects . REALLY?Now I see why he was willing to sell out to the Ramseys . Highest bidders or just publicity?Sad and disappointing for such a highly respected man .
 I purchased this book on the assumption that Mr. Douglas would shed new light on old mysteries . I mistakenly assumed he would have looked at the case files and then offered new perspectives given his experience in profiling . Having some knowledge of the cases presented , I expected better.The Lindburgh chapter was interesting . In all these years , I somehow missed the fact that the kidnap ladder was hinged . I never doubted Hauptmann 's involvement . And I still do n't . Unlike others posting here , I take no issue with his stance on the Ramsey case , there is simply no solid evidence with which to charge them . Absent that evidence , it is irresponsible to assume their guilt . We should ALL know better than to convict people via the news media.My main gripe , I suppose , is that I expected better information on the Zodiac case . Douglas seems to rely almost entirely on the work of author Robert Graysmith . And Graysmith 's work is unfortunately more fiction than fact . Perhaps Douglas should have used Graysmith 's latest book identifying Jack the Ripper . He could have pronounced that case solved.If you still feel the need to read this book , borrow it from the library .
 I 'll try to make it short and sweet
 He makes the process even scarier than it already needs to be . He exagerates . For instance , he describes the pain of the biopsy as horrible . Having just had one , I can say the pain was not noteworthy.He goes to a hundred doctors to determine his course of action . Does n't that , by itself , show he 's at least a little bit crazy ?
 I was recently diagnosed with prostate cancer and am about to undergo a radical prostatectomy in about 6 days . I was disappointed in the book and found it amazing how many physicians and other professionals were consulted before the author determined or decided on his course of treatment . I had hoped to have a more balanced read and this book made me really wonder whether I have opted for what is best for me . I am not a doctor and did not have access to the professionals the author had access to . Fortunately , I first read a book by Dr. Patrick C. Walsh who developed the `` nerve-sparing '' technique before I read this book . At least I have some peace of mind that I have made the right decision .
 What the ... . is this hand drawn basic illustration junk?Must have had his kid do the drawing or something.This book is a total rip off and that 's being super kind . not a single useful new idea or jig.Books like this makes you not want to ever buy another book.one star only Because could n't do zero star.Straight into trash !!!
 If you liked the 2nd Editon of the Standard Catalog of Cadillac , you 'll undoubtedly be disappointed in this edition . This edition trades LaSalle information and price guide for a few more color photos of Cadillacs . While the LaSalle price guide is gone completely , the Cadillac price guide is unbelievably incomplete , leaving out pricing for 1921 through 1925 , 1927-28 , 1931 through 1935,38 , 1940,46 , 47,1950,51,52,1954 through 1958,1960 through 1962 - and more . This edition leaves a lot to be desired for the true Cadillac/LaSalle aficionado .
 Assisted by my wife , I 've been the editor of LaCad , the Cadillac LaSalle Club of Australia 's magazine for three years , and we 've used the Standard Catalog of Cadillac as our reference for those three years . This issue tops the last issue by the inclusion of colour and even more photos.Thanks to John Gunnell for this ` bible ' of Cadillacs .
 I have been a contractor for over twenty years , and a fairly successful one at that . Im sitting in my local cigar shop as I do on a regular basis and I meet Harvey -LRB- the author -RRB- , we talk . and he tells me about his book , so I read it . Well im on my fourth reading as of now , and im still picking up new thoughts . I have recomended this book to many fellow contractors , due to the ease of reading and the simple principles that we all forget from time to time . All I can say is great insight and simply stated .
 A little frustrated with the seller on this one . I bought the book and realized I got the wrong one , okay , my fault , but then I tried to contact them to return it and they just ever so not subtly refused to contact me back . Tried a couple times . This book is not good at all . I have the first one , which is amazing , but this one is so not aesthetically appealing to me . The cover made me think it would be a bunch of artists like the first but in this one they are more computer based artist and artists who paint far more loosely . Maybe that would appeal to some , or a lot , I do n't know , but for me my work is tighter and this book does n't inspire me like the first one . Overall , though , seller sucks !
 If your looking for an art book with more art similar to the cover , Keith Parkinson , look elsewhere . There is very little sword and magic fantasy contained inside . This book was a major let down . Parkinson 's art is maybe the first four to five pages , after that the pages would best be used right before a flush .
 Feldman attempts to `` solve '' church/state tensions by dividing the country into two camps -- secularists and evangelicals . This starting premise dooms the book . He has bought into the evangelicals ' rhetoric , rather than any actual array of beliefs on these issues . Those in opposition to the evangelicals are not anti-religion , as the term `` secularist '' implies , but rather in the vast majority of circumstances are themselves religious . The debate over relgion in the U.S. can not be reduced to this simple dichotomy . This is an ivory tower worldview , untouched by empirical reality .
 America 's church-state conflict figures prominently in a number of debates - same-sex marriages , stem-cell research , abortion , euthanasia , appropriateness of the death penalty , religious displays in public buildings and areas , government funding of religious schools , prayer in the schools , and the words `` under God '' in the Pledge . These issues have increasingly divided the U.S. for about the last 50 years , and during the last Presidential campaign they were increasingly used by Republicans for political advantage.Feldman points out that about one-fourth of the 2004 electorate identified `` moral values '' as most important to them , and 80 % of those voted for Bush . Further , the more often voters attended church , the more likely they were to also vote for him . Clearly this is an area very important to many.Feldman then goes on to divide Americans into two camps
 I heard about this book on Air America and thought it would be a good read . I was getting a sense that he leaned wrong when I read about Michael Newdow . Stating Mr. Newdow chooses to be offended or marginalized because under god is in the Pledge . Feldman states the Jehovah Witnesses had the right idea by asking to be excused or stay quiet during the Pledge . Sorry , but it 's not a choice to be offended . Why is it okay to allow pro-religious bunk to go unchallenged when there is no fact or science to support it ? Should we allow creationism ID in science class ? The scientists who support evolution are choosing to be offended ? When does standing up to the religious majority become okay ? If it 's just words and no physical harm is done then allow us the same opportunity . Allow science teachers to spend weeks on exploring how all the supernatural ideas in the bible fail scientific examination ? Religion has survived so long because challenging it gets one marginalized . That is the choice others make against someone who dares to confront religion . It 's a choice to allow superstitious mythology to be in our government and not say anything . The original Pledge did not have under god in it . Newdow is asking for it to be reverted back to the way it was . Even I could see that Newdow would be taking it too far to the left if he asked the Pledge to be amended to state `` not under/over/around / or near a god '' . He did n't ask for that and that is the point Feldman and I disagree on . Newdow wanted secular neutrality , Feldman wants generic religious ideas left alone .
 Planning a trip to both of these wonderful places and was tickled to see a book with both in the title . Unfortunately , the book was just strange ramblings and I never could find a point .
 This edition of ` Mont-Saint-Michel and Chartres ' was unsatisfactory to me.The book 's preface -LRB- a lead-in to the first chapter -RRB- was entirely omitted . The book had no index . The table of contents had no chapter titles . I was giving it as a gift and had to create them myself . These post-modern facsimile editions need such things . My recent purchase of another of Henry Adams ' books , Chapters of Erie , has such essential supportive material and was totally satisfactory . If it is omitted , your promotional listing should say so .
 This review is ONLY for the edition noted above . Most editions of this book are facsimiles of earlier editions . You can download the book from google for free . Exact same text and layout . I ordered this item -LRB- the ASIN 1604241438 version -RRB- twice at $ 4.96 -LRB- I see now its about $ 15 -RRB- and both times the cover arrived rather bent . The reprint is worth 5 dollars , because it is just a bound version of the PDF you could download from google .
 This book was printed in response to my order , i.e. , on demand , and the type chosen was so small I did not even attempt to read it . There were no illustrations.I subsequently bought a used copy of the paperback edition which included a brilliant preface , the illustrations , and an exponentially easier format.I threw away the copy purchased from Amazon.Probably my only truly disappointing encounter with Amazon .
 I have never seen such a lousy printing . Indeed , we received our copy on 31 January 2012 -- and saw that it had been printed on 27 January 2012 . It is impossible to read . The print size is worthy of an opthamologist 's chart to determine just how small a size print it is possible for the human eye to read . I do not know how Amazon can even think of selling such a copy of what is a great book . I purchased the book as a gift -- I am ashamed to present it .
 The intention is good but the book is spoiled by using gray scale pictures -LRB- except for a four page color section out of 700 + pages -RRB- which do not illustrate the authors results . One bright note , the author does explain the basics tools and features of PhotoShop Elements clearly but the lack of color detracts too much to make this book worthwhile . There are a lot of books on the subject which do an admirable job and this one comes up short .
 I really do n't see what the previous reviews are raving about . Here is a summary of the ideas in this book , 1 . -RRB- go the extra mile 2 . -RRB- use your mastermind . And `` mastermind '' is bascially to cooperate with people . Thats all . The rest just seemed like a lot of worthless ramblings . It gets 2 stars instead of 1 because at least these two ideas are worthwhile but the book is n't .
 You have to have a certain level of maturity or fandom to really appreciate Napoleon Hill . Many of the pearls of wisdom he has only make sense in hindsight . If you 're adding this book to your Napoleon Hill collection , you 'll love it.If you 've never read Hill before , you might have a hard time adjusting to him ... and in that case , this review is meant for you.The subject of this book is supposedly the business philosophy of Andrew Carnegie , as requested by Carnegie . I do n't think this essay was quite what he wanted , though . The book may have some jewels of ideas in it , but it 's so horribly written that they 'll slip past you without notice , or be so mangled that you just wo n't care.I do n't really have the overly paranoid `` Satan-is-coming ! '' view of this book that the reviewer a few slots before me does , but I suggest you read his qualms - it 's a good overview of the truly weird New Age-ish approach this book takes . Instead of saying , `` Be grateful for what you 've got , '' Mr. Hill suggests you sit down with an imaginary `` Eight Princes '' around a table once a day , each named for something you 're grateful for , and thank them . Um . Yeah . Loads of that sort of thing in here.And the whole book reads like an infomercial . `` We 'll get to the Master Key soon ... but first ... let me tell you about this other exciting opportunity ! '' In fact , he tells you the Master Key in the very last sentences of the book -LRB- ! -RRB- , I suppose so you 'll bother to read the rest.The Master Key is absolutely a golden idea , truly . I just would n't suggest * this * book as an introduction to it.Spoiler
 Avoid any edition from bnpublishing -- this is the second I have unsuspectingly bought and both are laid out exceptionally poorly , to the point that they are difficult to read.I think this book was taken from an ASCII text file in the public domain , copied and pasted into Microsoft Word , then printed . It is that amateurish.If you can get past the hard-to-read format -LRB- weird line breaks , missing paragraph indentations , typos , etc. -RRB- this book will change your life .
 This was a complete disappointment . They reduced the size of the book from 8 '' by 11 '' to 7 '' by 10 '' . This in itself is not so bad , but they reduced all the information in this book as well . They no longer cover any antique toys at best they only deal in vintage / classic toys . If your ideas of antique toy cars are Red Line Hotwheels you will like this book . If you are looking for Aircraft , American Paper Toys , Animal Drawn , Banks , Dollhouses and Miniature Furniture , Erector Sets , Farm Toys , Lionel Trains , Movie , Radio & Television Toys , Ramp Walkers , Schoenhut , Ships , Soldiers , Sparklers and Plunger Toys , Steam Toys , Wooden Toys , Cast Iron Vehicles and anything else before the 60 's forget it ! This has been reduced to nothing more than a baby boomer 's toy guide . If you enjoy Antique Toy World , this book is not for you ! If you like Toy Shop Magazine , well that is all this is . If you own the 11th Edition of Collecting Toys , hold on to it and get a second copy before you waste your money on this dreadful price guide .
 Apart from the first few pages I lost the author as observations based on experience was put to an end . The remaining chapters are based on mechanics of Spells . Conclusions drawn from observations is far greater in value than mechanics with no real experience notes as to what worked or what failed or how should the performer be feeling when all is going right and when it is out of sync . See works of Joseph C. Lisiewski , Ph.D. on Time and Flow and practicality to a reader in day to day work processing . This work Moon Spells misses this value to end user who wants to Do , Observe , Correct and again Do , Observe , Correct processes in his or her efforts to make a better quality of life .
 Mr. Null is renowned for being an expert in his field . His expertise and insights are often invaluable . However , in his book , `` The Joy of Juicing '' his experience appears to be overshadowed by generalities and a lack of research . For example , in the opening sentences , Mr. Null recommends that readers purchase a centrifugal juicer despite the fact that there is plenty of research showing that centrifugal juicers are not the best choice when compared to single gear and twin gear juicers . In addition , there is scientific research showing that centrifugal juicers create static electricity during the juicing process that kills vital enzymes and nutrients . Centrifugal juicers are also not the best choice for many fibrous types of greens since overheating can easily occur.The balance of the book is dedicated to recipes that are categorized by courses . While the recipes sound interesting , it would have been helpful for Mr. Null to explain why the recipes are beneficial for the prescribed ailment or purpose for which they were intended . Examples include juices with names such as `` Beauty '' , `` Fountain of Youth '' and `` Brain Juice . '' Also , in the section on `` Soups '' and `` Main Dishes , '' Mr. Null juices certain vegetables prior to boiling them . Considering that there is much research showing that nutrients and enzymes are killed after heating above 118 degrees , it makes no sense to extract a juice and spend up to 15 minutes boiling it to death .
 After seeing Gary Null on PBS and reading many of his books , I began juicing to improve my poor health . Rather than carry around his thick books , I was looking for a juicing companion which I can keep in the kitchen near the juicer which would tell me which produce would help which ailment and specifically all the helpful vitamins , minerals , etc , how and why it would help , as in his other books . This is just a recipe book like so many others on the market -- not at all what I wanted and expected from Gary Null . He needs to write a new book , `` Juicing for Your Health , '' or `` Juicing to Live Forever , '' something to that effect to address our specific ailments , and for the already healthy , how to live healthy forever by juicing , tell us how much and how often we should juice for what outcome , how long does it take to experience some results , how to add a ` boost ' and where to purchase them , etc. . Tell us in baby steps how often and what to juice to improve particular illnesses . Many of us have more than one malady and I think I could figure out on my own how to incorporate or combine specific juice recipes to help more than one condition , for example , fibromyalgia , insomnia , hair loss , and chronic sinus headaches . Juices to avoid colds and flu would be helpful as well , for instance , my child is chronically ill with ear , sinus infections and various mild allergies and I juice for her to boost her immune system and avoid missed school days but I was hoping you could be more specific in what I could juice to help her . I would be interested in what could boost her brain power with her learning disabilities . I also attempt to juice for my pets but I feel I 'm juicing blind without a specific guide , all I know is that onions , grapes and grapeseed extract can be lethal to pets . I look forward to a BETTER juice book , one I know Gary Null has the knowledge to put together , this one was a waste of time and money and such a disappontment ! I would purchase a juice book by Gary Null which told me what a recipe would do for my family 's health , photos are always nice , too . Got it , Gary Null ? This book definitely missed the mark ! What we need is information on juicing from all your books combined into one , I 'm not interested in recipes without knowing why it would help and how by listing nutrition facts for each produce and/or each juice drink . My dad juiced briefly and stopped because it caused diarrhea , this should be addressed with how to avoid it when it would go away , etc. . Gary , we need more info . Even if a recipe tastes good I do n't want to bother if I do n't know why , how and what it would help . A whole section on weight loss ? why not a whole juice book on improving health to prolong life and diminish illness ? I look forward to a COMPLETE healthy juicing book from Gary Null , not yet another recipe book !
 The title is misleading . There is no joy , no discussion , no valuable information . It 's just a list of juicing recipes .
 While there are juicing recipes in here there are a lot of recipes that are more appropriate for blender or food processor . As part of my resolution this year I bought a juicer but many recipes make very large quantities - Like 3 quarts or even a gallon ! Um , if I need to feed juice to that many people I doubt I 'd ever use my juicer and would instead by concentrate or the prepared stuff from the market . Not really helpful for the novice juicer .
 Do n't support this huckster by buying his book . Read some of the reviews of his anti-aging book or talk to a nutritionist or a scientist at the UCLA School of Public Health . The REAL nutritionists -LRB- with REAL credentials -RRB- will tell you he is a quack . `` Milk is pus from a cow '' according to Null . This is the lowest form of proselytizing -- trying to sell an idea by appealing to a `` disgust factor . '' Milk is a good and essential food for those who are not allergic or intolerant . His nutrition advice is damaging ; teenagers , the elderly , and those with chronic illness could develop protein , iron , and calcium deficiencies following his program.Also note this
 Please let it be known that this is a 1973 recording . The CD is so hard to hear that our 2009 CD players are even left confused . The recording is poor compared to today 's standards and IT 'S ONLY ABOUT 20 MINUTES LONG.Sure , the information is great but I want to know more . When the CD was over I felt cheated . Almost like I got an advertising piece that gives you a teaser of what the book is about so you can buy it.Please understand , this has nothing to do with the option method which sounds great and I wish to know more about . The review is for the CD itself which is a complete waste of money .
 Never read this book . It is boring . The author repeats everything over and over again .
 I 'm a 10 yead old boy who loves to read ! but I totally hate this book . It was a summer reading assignament from school -LRB- 4th grade -RRB- . Nothing happens in 148 pages of boaring , repetitive and monotonus writing.They say things over and over again . This book is lable as an Eco mistery , but it seams to me like an encyclopedia type of reading . To much unnecesary information.I would not recomend this book at all .
 I read this book in my class and it took me forever to finish it . I am a big reader but I just could n't get into the book . I think it should have been more exciting . In my opinion , it seemed as if the author kept repeating the same information .
 Juggles large numbers of mythic references with some skill but not full confidence or accuracy , and does n't really have a lot of insight . The book is also burdened with a Hildebrandt cover . I recommend David Colbert 's `` The Magical Worlds of The Lord of the Ring '' for juvenile readers , or Anne C. Petty 's `` Tolkien in the Land of Heroes '' for adults .
 The book we received was a photocopy of the original . It was a black and white copy and totally useless . We are sending it back .
 Schlafly has certainly done her homework , and presents a number well-researched cases with attention to specifics . Certainly her career as an attorney gives her considerable insight into the judicial process.However , her conclusions are flawed and filtered through her own bias , almost to the point of making it seem as if she has a vendetta against jurists who do n't rule according to her own narrow viewpoint when they simply rule based on precedent and the letter of the law.Her hypocrisy is that she believes that the only right way is her way , and would take away the freedoms of others in order to impose her own rigid definitions of protected speech , separtion of religion and state , and so on.Certainly there are problem judges in this country , and some of her examples rightly point this out . But we can all take comfort in the fact that Schlafly is not a judge , else she would be at the top of the `` Supremacist '' list . And the way to stop her , is to stop buying her sad , short , overpriced books . Because taking away her right to author and sell them -LRB- as she has advocated doing to others in her books , columns , and newsletters -RRB- would be hypocritical .
 Schlafly here considers these `` tyrannical '' judges to be `` supremacists '' . Supremacists you ask ? What kind of supremacists might she be talking about ? Are they supremacists who enforce the Bill of Rights ? You might know what I am talking about . These are the obviously sleazy people who allow all sorts of people to `` voice their opinions '' and express themselves through artistic freedom . Obviously these `` supremacists '' judges are rogue defenders of the Constitution and Schlafly believes that the First Amendment only applies to wholesome speech.Now that my sarcastic portion of this review is over with , I will get to the bottom of the barrel here . Schlalfy , points out that video games are being protected by Supremacists judges who unjustly hold up the Bill of Rights in order to to allow the industry to spew violent material across the United States . Why stop at video games though Schlafly ? There 's a boatload of movies and violent books that you might miss , no right-wing pretend dictator like yourself would be complete without burning a book or two , right ?
 Not recommended for non-neoconservatives who believe in true justice . The author is just a dog for rightwing politics . The same neonazi neocons who complain about activist judges are themselves promoting their own set in the process . If you believe in losing the Constitution and turning this country into a theocratic dictatorship , then buy this book and join the losers .
 Predictably , Schlafly latches onto the Right-wing delusion that someone has to stop these darned activist Liberal judges before they destroy the whole country . Never mind that these judges are doing their jobs ; namely , they are interpreting law in accordance with precedent . Schlafly commits the all-too-common egocentric error of reviling any law or decision that does n't conform to a narrow , regressive , and repressive interpretation of `` the founders ' intent '' as viewed through the lens of modern Conservative insanity.The author makes no mention of the fact that when judges ' `` activist '' decisions coincide with Conservative agenda , these judges are praised for upholding the law . Schlafly , like many of her contemporary demagogues , seeks desperately to paint Conservatives as the victimized minority charged with defending the country against encroachment of modern ideas , when in fact they are a radical and dangerous sect already controlling the three branches of government and the press.If Schlafly feels that the matter is so grave as to require desperate action , then perhaps she should consider that it is the preponderance of backward-thinking Conservative judges and legislators , not to mention an anachronistic executive administration , that is to blame for the destruction of the system.If you long to convince yourself that forward-thinking judges are this country 's greatest problem , then you might enjoy this book . But if you recognize that the country ca n't languish in outdated and regressive thinking , then this book is of no use to you .
 As to be expected of a book endorsed by Edwin Meese and George Bush , this book talks about how to permit right wing fascism by undermining the balance of power afforded by the Judicial Branch . Phyllis is in her typical form , blasting judges for such things as ending segregation and protecting human rights . Like another reviewer said , past the title there is nothing new . If you want to see where people like Reverend Pat Mahoney , Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell get their ideas of how to destroy this country by breaking down the balance of power so that they can build a murderous Theocracy , this book is for you .
 I knew mrs Schlafly 's ideas from reading her columns at townhall , and this book therefore taught me nothing new . If you read the book description that is displayed above , there is no more need to buy this book.Her point
 You ca n't throw out the baby with the bathwater ! If you feel that our Judicial system is flawed because it is not being held accountable - would n't that be an argument for more checks and balances not less?So then what is this really about ? I believe that the author is afraid of social evolution -LRB- as evidenced by her other books . -RRB- Although I do n't understand why she is - without it she could n't be an author , lawer , columnist , AND be the mother of six . Anyways , she would like to replace our judges with know it alls like herself . She does a good job of presenting the facts that back up her agenda , but she misses any evidence of how the system that she proposes would be doomed to fail . After all , history shows us the ugly death of all previous Theocracies . If you are afraid of moving forward , this book is for you . If not save your money for a book with more balance .
 I first discovered Mrs. Schlafly about two years ago when I caught her , quite by accident , on a news program speaking about her infamous book THE POWER OF THE POSITIVE WOMAN . I laughed . I thought it was a joke . Too bad it was n't -- I 've read that one too . Mrs. Schalfly does it again with her most recent book , telling only one side of the story and basing her argument on the Word of God , to which she apparently has more authority than anyone other than the attendees at the Last Supper . This book is definitely worth a read -- it shows the serious conservative flaws with the cry of `` activist judges ! '' Once again , all she 's really done is shown the world that what she 's saying really is n't worth saying at all . But God Bless America for recognizing her right to say it . Read it , but do n't buy it . Check it out from your local library .
 I 've had this book for over a year and I must say that as time goes by , I am less and less impressed with this book . I have no problem following instructions yet it took me three tries to get some of these recipes to turn out . I never got her sweet nut crust to work . I used the recipe from `` In the Sweet Kitchen '' instead and the crust came out perfect.And some of the recipes are not nearly as imressive as they look . The only recipe that I 've made that received any `` wows '' from my guests was the tiramisu tart , and that was n't until the third time I made it when I made significant changes to the recipe . A few of the recipes were huge disappointments.I would highly recommend `` In the Sweet Kitchen '' or the Cindy Mushet book instead .
 The recipe instructions are inconsistent and ridiculously overcomplicated . `` Great '' pumpkin pie , for example . The instructions say to bake the pie directly on the oven floor . If you have a gas oven that heats from the bottom , you are getting nothing but a burnt pie -LRB- thanks for a Thanksgiving failure , Rose -RRB- . Designer Apple Pie is nice , the trick of boiling down the apple juices is slick . But the cream cheese crust ? I 've had better results from the Joy of Cooking recipes . Her recipes are too fragile to be reproduced consistently . If you are off by a degree in the oven , or off by a minute in the timing , forget it , your pie is ruined . Other pie recipes are less sensitive . Working with her crust recipes is like walking on eggshells.I 've been making pies for 20 years . I ca n't say the details that make Berenbaum 's recipes so complicated make her pies much better than ones I 've made in the past from other cookbooks . Very disappointing .
 I 've had this book since year nought . But I have never made anything from it . Having said that I currently have cubed butter and a flour mixture in the freezer . My first stab at making pie from this tome . Obviously my rating of 2 stars does not reflect the quality of the recipes . It 's reserved for the wonderful folks at Scribner . I think Ms Beranbaum might be the world 's most gifted cake/pie/bread maker but she certainly needs a bit of help when it comes to picking a publisher . My ` Cake Bible ' fell apart very quickly as the pages could n't wait to detach themselves from the feeble spine . This has not happened to my pie bible coz as I said , I 've never used it . The sections are not very well organized and having to refer back and forth is annoying . A couple of those built-in bookmarks -LRB- like the Gourmet cookbook -RRB- would have been so helpful . Anyway , I can go on all day but other reviewers have beaten me to it .
 I bought this book because it was referred as being a breat book on pies - I needed to make a great chocholate torte . But , the book does not have a chocholate torte so having the book , I tried other recipes like the Apple Pie and the `` Grand Canyon Pie '' . I made several mistakes and as a software engineer who is quite capable of following instructions , I found this a miserable book for instruction but a great book in terms of a glossary . There are not enough pictures in the book - I like to see what the author is trying to convey - take the `` Grand Canyon '' for example - would n't this be a great pie to have a picture of ? No , the author does not describe or show how it all comes together - even though its probably a great looking pie.If you like chocolate , or lots of pics , skip this book . I agree with other reviewers on less than positive reviews . If I had as much talent as the author , I would have done much better on the book - for example , tell the reader what is needed before starting and show details -LRB- drawings if you do n't have a digital camera -RRB- of what you are trying to convey - pie and pastry making is 95 % visual and the author does not go into great detail here . She falls -LRB- no pun -RRB- where ALL authors of baking fall -LRB- because they are not great writers I guess -RRB- - in that they do n't put themselves in the readers shoes , i.e. `` I never made this before - so I hope to see an example '' shoes of the reader and assume that we know what comes next . I expected a book I guess as a bible -LRB- as other bibles demonstrate -RRB- to show me everything about pies I buy in fancy restaurants but I did not find this to be the case . Not even a receipe on a chocolate rasbery torte , shame on the Author .
 After reading just a couple of her receipies , I discovered this book is not for the faint at heart when it comes to baking . Although when I watched her on an early morning program , I gathered there was a more balanced experience of receipies . Her citation of types of flour is simply more information that I was interesting in having and boardered on what one might call flour snobbery . So far , the only method I have regularly incorporated in my pastry baking is her reference to chilling . So as all is not down the pastry funnel , I will pick and choose a few more receipies now and then to try .
 This book has some good baking TIPS , but many of the recipes simply do not work . I 'm a fairly experienced baker and do n't seem to have this kind of trouble with other books .
 Do n't waste your money on the Rose Levy Beranbaum Pie and Cake Bibles . She unnecessarily complicates the recipes , and the instructions are not easy to understand . After hours of pains taking effort , the results are quite often NOT GOOD at all . I 'm a very experienced cook , and have been disappointed each time I ventured into one of her lengthy and obtuse culinary ordeals .
 I hate to be a party pooper , but as much as one hopes to love this book , it was just too poorly written and edited . It has many terrific ideas for someone who has baked pies before , but for a newcomer like myself , the defects are pretty glaring . I bought the book because I love `` The Cake Bible '' . But this time , the editor went to press before finishing her work , and I bet she 's responsible for wasting many thousands of hours of her readers ' time , considering how popular this book is.In order to make crust using this book , you have to flip back and forth between many sections
 I was disappointed in this book -- too European for my taste . I expected more from her . I 'll give it to Goodwill or such .
 I love pie but not this book . I have been consistently disappointed with the seven recipes I have made from this book . I followed the directions carefully but a crust that the author raves about as her favorite was dry and crumbly and lacked flavor . Several fillings were similarly lacking in flavor . Author admits a bias against fillings she deems overly sweet but her versions seemed bland to me and to my tasters . I understand tastes differ but I have not found one recipe in this book that I would make again .
 This book rates down there with Chris Murphy 's Miles To Go as one of the most amatuerishly written biographies I have read . Most of the other readers ' reviews here , and especially the Kirkus review , touch on my frustrations , but I think they are being FAR too polite . Yes , it 's the only bio of this musical genius , so I guess the intention was good . But unfortunately , the author apparantly thinks that HE is part of the story ! There are lots and lots of personal opinions , recollections , critiques that have no place in a bio purporting to tell the life story of its subject . The admittedly good interviews often were strung back to back without editing , then followed by a passage by the author retelling the same facts just discussed by the subjects . The ramblings and redundancies became so tedious to me that I was not only tempted to put it down , but throw it at the wall . Only my love for Richard Thompson prompted me to plow through it.OK , I admit that the pictures are worth having , but you will probably learn as much from the booklets included in the 2 excellent RT box sets . And you will have the pleasure of listening to Richard 's wonderful music.It IS the only available RT bio , and a lot of work went into it . If you 're a fan you 're going to buy it anyway , and you probably will be glad to have a copy . The intentions were noble , so I 'm raising my rating to 2 stars . : o -RRB-
 I bought this to replace my old very old zip code book from the post office and am returning it . I did n't realize til I received it that it does not give you the zip for a particular address . For instance , for Petaluma , CA , all it lists is the 2 zip codes there , without showing which streets belong to which zip .
 After their sun goes nova , two groups of survivors find themselves marooned on a faraway planet . Cut off even from each other , the two groups follow two distinct paths
 After starting to read the first of many stories in this book . I closed it and did n't read the rest . I do not like fiction because fiction is a story made up in someone else 's head . I thought these would be true stories . So if you like fiction , you will like this book . If you want true cat stories , which I prefer , this is not for you . It 's my own fault being disappointed in this book merely because it is fiction . I guess it 's a good book , again , if you like fiction .
 I bought Kingsley 's ` Reality ' in the hope that it would offer insight to a major pre-Socratic philosopher , and maybe even tie his thought into modern phenomenology and human Being.Unfortunately , the tone , style and method of the book make it very difficult to take seriously . Why?For one , the book is in desperate need of editing . A good half of the text could simply be discarded without any material detriment to the content.This is in large part because the text drips with Kingsley 's personal whining about the Western intellectual tradition and his wish that it were simply less rigorous than it is . Every other paragraph seems to be a lament that ` we ' are intellectually deficient in one way or another , or are naively not open to one or another assertion . Before long , I discovered that I could quickly identify paragraphs of this repetitious lamentation and simply bypass them without losing the thread of his exposition . For someone who claims that , '' ... there is no time at all to spare '' in recovering Parmenides , he is extremely wasteful of both his and the reader 's time.Another issue are his sparse `` Notes '' and complete lack of footnoting . For someone who purports to advance his ideas on linguistic , cultural and archeological evidence , he certainly invests very little time in referring to his sources or evaluating alternative views . Advocates will argue that he provides frequent references to the Parmenides . However , these references to the text offer little to support his wider claims of context and interpretation . That is a great pity because every now and then he gets around to asserting something very interesting . However , it is often difficult to accept his assertions seriously when they remain unverifiable.In a similar vein , Kingsley often makes vast leaps of argument , taking sparse evidence and pushing his conclusions far beyond any reasonably supportable boundaries . In short , he has written a work of fantasy , based on a small rump of real evidence.This , ultimately , is why there are few notes . This , ultimately , is why much of his text is a lament that ` we ' in `` the West '' - by which he really means ` you ' - are not open to wide ranging and unfounded assertions.What Kingsley really wants is for his reader to accept his assertions as a revelation . Unfortunately , his own prejudices , style and method undermine reception by an interested but rigorous reader.I would only recommend ` Reality ' to someone who wishes to be entertained by a sort of dreamy mysticism , though Kingsley explicitly denies that this is what he offers.The book will not satisfy anyone interested in a serious consideration of its purported subject matter . There are numerous better books on Parmenides and the pre-Socratics , including
 Attention teachers of expository writing : Kingsley can well be used as the quintessential example of an author who disrespects his readers .
 I simply ca n't believe that other reviewers praised this work as one of the best books of the century . It has nothing to do with bona fide scholarship.One might , from the synopsis and reviews , assume that this book is a study of Parmenides , Eleaticism , or Empedocles ; however , it is only a bizarre incoherent rant by a man who has no place in the academic world.It is simply rambling that goes on for over five hundred pages . Fifty would have sufficed . One can print far better material on Parmenides off the internet for free.Save your money . Do n't make the mistake I made by buying this nonsense.Only a firm with the name `` Golden Sufi Center '' would have the temerity to publish this piece of trash.F.J.NuganWPB , FLA Respose to my critic : Mr Mayock feels that my interest in video games invalidates my thoughts about this book . For what it 's worth , despite playing these games , I am against these current wars - wars as tools of a cynical , empty geopolitical paradigm -LRB- so called neo-conservatism -RRB- . Only a when civilization itself is threatened by an ideology like National Socialism is war justified.Remember that Socrates and Wittgenstein were both soldiers who fought for highly dubious causes . I suppose that even the greats of philosophy would be disqualified by you.I sincerely doubt , Mr. Mayock , that your are an academic or that your vouching for the scholarship of Kingsley has any value outside that benighted little place you call your mind.Books by bona fide scholars that I have read recently are `` Marx 's Interpretation of History '' by Melvin Rader , `` Bread and Circuses '' by Patrick Brantlinger , and `` The Decadence of the Modern World '' by I. Robert Sinai . You may care to take a look at these books to better understand what scholarship is and is n't . I have to restate again one of my chief charges against this book - that one can print for free far better material on Parmenides , Empedocles , Eleaticism off the internet.If Michel de Montaigne were alive today and writing essays for the New York Times weekend magazine he would write one not just about Kingsley but this whole class of Ph.D 's , professors , etc. who live in the basement of their own arrogant know-nothingness . He would entitle it the following
 I am a General Contractor building residential and commercial buildings and this book is an insult . These are `` Kristen 's '' `` usual days : '' `` What can I bring you ? '' He -LRB- it 's always a HE -RRB- responds : `` A cup of coffee and three sugars . '' Next page , a man needs '' ... connecting bolts and a blueberry muffin . And an egg and cheese sandwich . '' Next page
 Only buy this book if you want to feel your child is a loser , it 's ALL your fault and there 's nothing you can do about it , EVER ! I 'm not even going to pass this book on , it 's going in the trash ! That being said , there are some great kids social skills books out there
 I was just curious as to what it talks about . I read the foreword only and I felt as though it was not only realistic but outlined as though there is some formula for someone to like you . It may have been informative for someone else but not for me because I do not care who does not like me . Usually people that do not like you do not like themselves and you remind them of something that they are not and never will be.I passed it on to someone else . If you buy this keep in mind that if you love yourself , to not care what someone else thinks becomes second nature . Books can not generalize a subject like this because everyone is different and there is always inner spirits of people in conflict with one another . If people do not like you that means you are doing something right . Probably not everything but something .
 I hate the book . It was the worst thing i 've ever seen ! What ever you do , do NOT buy this book !!!
 This is the first book I have ever purchased on Amazon that I had to return . It seemed to have been written by a man , there was not one scene that did not include some type of phallus . I am a fan of Victorian tales and classic from writers like Jane Austin , this book seemed to be written by someone from modern times trying to speak with the syntax and semantics of Victorian times . I would not recommend this collection to anyone who likes sensual and sexual play between women . There were some scenes with incest and rape . I did not get very far in this book , about the first 5 stories , in an attempt to find something worth my time . I returned the book the very next day after receiving it in the mail.Take a look at it in a book store before you purchase it to varify my words .
 Surely this book is a joke ; a very bad joke . I am quite familiar with Victorian Literature and am quite familiar with so called lesbian tales of sex and I am quite familiar with the differences in the way women and men write each . This was written by a man , have no doubt ! The Pseudo Victorian style was probably put together in the late 1960s or 1970s when such books seemed to be all the craze . As has been pointed out , there is the problem of incest and rape involved in some of the stories . This is a normal `` guy thing . '' I have no doubt that a local yokel frat boy would love this sort of thing , and to be honest , that is just who it was written for . Do not waste your money on this one , nor your time trying to read it . Neither is worth it . A person could take a copy of The Pearl , switch a few words around , and come up with something better than this ... what ever it may be . I do not recommend this one and really rather resent the publisher trying to pass this one off as Victorian Lesbian Literature ... it is far from it .
 I seriously question the validity of these stories as real Victorian writing . As another reviewer mentioned , there are no background and bibliographic references whatsoever . I would at least expect approximate dates and publishers of the original texts.My guess is that they were written by a man familiar with Victorian erotica , but some time after the era ended . One clue is that one story describes the woman as a `` lesbian , '' a word which did n't come into popular use until well after the Victorian era . Sexologists began using it in 1889 , but it is really doubtful that a writer of common porn would be aware of the most recently published scientific writing.On the other hand , the stories are entertaining as some ridiculous little pieces of erotica .
 I got this book as a free gift for attending a CRM conference . Some of the author 's points are valid -- the book was probably written before a lot of this material became obvious . -LRB- One of these days , I 'm going to find a book that says `` People issues do n't matter if your company 's managers do n't have a customer focus or your firm doesnt have the necessary IT infrastructure in place . '' Ca n't wait for that . -RRB- I worked for Lucent in the 1990s and would swear that we coined the phrase `` People Process and Technology . '' Anyway , it 's been worn pretty thin . The tone of the book was a bit pedantic and stiff and so I found it a bit hard to to get through . I like Paul Greenberg 's and Jill Dyche 's CRM books much better , though , and would recommend them over this one , along with a new book called `` Why They Do n't Buy '' by Max McKeown that is definitely the go-to book for CRM automation !
 I travel extensively and am a fan of Frommer 's guides which I generally find to have a nice assortment of options in varying price ranges . The volume on South Africa however , was a great disappointment . If Frommer 's were to be believed , you had to pay $ 200 and up for a decent hotel room . Fortunately I have often traveled in South Africa , enjoyed its reasonably priced accomodations , and knew such prices were nonsense . I stayed in Cape Town , Johannesburg , Durban and other top destinations in season for less than half that much . The guide also overlooked destinations a bit off the beaten path and proved of so little use to me that I did n't bother to pack it home with me . I strongly suggest the Eyewitness guide instead or just surf the web for tons of great information from the South African Tourism Board .
 I selected the Frommer 's travel guide to South Africa while planning my trip because I always heard how superior a guide it was.As far as information goes , it definitely has it . I plan on taking this guide with me to Africa because it is full of interesting and helpful details.However , the drawback for me is that it would go on and on and on about all these great things about the country , but there were no pictures ! And reading a travel guide is not like reading a novel where you can let your imagination roam . I wanted to see what I was going to be getting myself into since I would be spending 2 weeks in a foreign country with no idea what to expect . I would read something in the Frommer 's guide , then have to look up pictures on the internet.Like I said , I do plan on taking this guide with me when I go to South Africa , but as far as actually planning the trip , it was not very helpful because I could n't see what it was describing . If you 're looking for a better South Africa travel guide , try DK Eyewitness Travel on South Africa . Much better .
 Bought this book on Kindle . It turns out to be impossible to navigate and is difficult to use as a guidebook . Maps are wortless on Kindle , but I knew this prior to buying it.In addition to the Kindle shortcomings I find the guide suprisingly boring.I dont care if a taxi company is run exclusivly by women and I do not understand what a `` chi - chi '' atraction is . Sadly it is impossible to return this Kindle book.Bought Bradt and Rough Guide in paper format as replacements . Will not use this one.Found this Kindle book to be worthless and as a result it got a bad rating .
 We are fans of Frommer 's Guide books from previous trips and choose this book from Amazon.com without reviewing it the old fashioned way - browsing through the pages/sections . Too late we discovered the book barely mentioned our destination points
 This guidebook is a waste of money - info is too scattered and does not address areas I will be visiting
 This was one of Agatha Christie 's `` not so good '' books . Thankfully there are n't many but they do exist . Perhaps she should not have mixed genres -LRB- spy thrillers and crime -RRB- . Mind you , there is n't a James Bond chase scene in the book but the opening pages takes the reader to a fictional Arab nation on the verge of a coup d etat and sees its young prince exchanging ideas with his English pilot on how to smuggle out the royal jewels.I am not spoiling anyone 's surprise when I say the deaths in this novel are connected directly or indrectly to the jewels -LRB- which have ended up in a girls school , by the way -RRB- . The three murders all come rather late in the book and as such the revelation of the culprit by Poirot feels rushed.Yes , the book is touted as a `` Hercule Poirot mystery '' although we only get to see him three quarters into the story . Since almost all of the investigation was handled by the local inspector , an undercover Special Branch officer and a very intelligent girl , it would have been better if they tied it all up with no need for Poirot to show up.All in all , I was not impressed with Cat Among the Pigeons . Those new to her work should start with other titles as this one may turn them off Agatha Christie , who was a good mystery writer actually . Her mystery novels usually ends with the reader -LRB- me , in this case -RRB- gasping and going , `` Damn ! She 's good . `` This one did n't . Nuff said .
 Really , I do n't think Cat Among Pigeons is considered one of Agatha Christie 's best works . How can it be ? The story starts very slowly , with no real narrative hooks in the plot at all . There are superficial facts about characters in the book that really do n't affect the story at all . It just fill up pages . Then , the murder of the gamesmistress is discovered near the middle of the book , which I think is another mistake . How can you expect the reader to keep on reading when they figure out that the actual murder is a long time coming ? Then , the famous Hercule Poirot -LRB- who is the only reason that I read this book -RRB- is introduced very lately into the book.I think another reason that I really did n't like this book was because there are so little suspects in the book . I mean , you can right off the bat count off numerous people . Plus , there are many who were incapable of actually commiting the main murder , and this also eliminates many but a few.All in all , I was disappointed by Cat Among the Pigeons . If you are looking for a real Hercule Poirot thriller , look for Murder on the Orient Express or The Murder of Roger Ackroyd .
 An interesting story , but the author tried to do too much in 400 pages . Too many characters and too many voices resulted in a somewhat awkward tale full of flat , one-note caricatures . At first , I found it somewhat misogynistic , as the first hundred pages lacked a single female character that was n't a monster , a nutjob , or a complete waste of oxygen ; as I read on , I realized that the male characters were n't any better , there were just more of them . Being un-Christian , and especially un-Catholic , I just did n't `` get '' a lot of the horror aspects of this book , either . Ho-hum , the Succubus is killing someone else now , next ? This is the author 's first novel , though , so maybe the next attempt will be better . Not a horrible book , but not compelling enough to take with me to finish on a plane .
 Having both pros and cons about Michael Marano 's first effort , if I could give it 2 1/2 stars I would because that 's where I saw it - right down the middle.On the positive side , I found it to be an extremely interesting concept , reminiscent of the Book of Job because here are two `` spiritual '' -LRB- ? -RRB- beings watching humans deal with what is being thrown at them from outside their own realm . Two demons battle for dominion on earth . I found the characterization to be exceptional , containing the kind of detail that usually is the domain of Anne Rice . Of the main characters , there is Lawrence , a clerk in a bookstore who has come to terms with his own homosexuality , but not his father 's death ; Paul , a teacher founded in reality who , at one point , encourages a student teacher to fight the good fight , and then a few pages later , decides to quit teaching himself , and finally ; Ed Sloane , our resident theological anti-hero . All of these people are drawn in great detail . Also , I liked how Marano does for the west end of Boston - Kennemore Square , Copley Place , Fenway Park - what Rice does for New Orleans . Namely , he paints it as a very dark location . Never in this book did I ever get the feeling that the sun was shining . However , though this tapestry is dark , it is , at times , quite beautiful.Still , as the one armed economist might say , `` on the other hand '' , there is no force of good in this book . I think the reader needs that in this kind of story . There are no good guys , no guys in white hats , no Lone Ranger to save the town and hence humanity . Rooting for one of the demons over the other does n't offer much either . Belial , the Unbowed One , operates through his daughter , the succubus , who `` heals '' people by devouring their souls and then drops pieces of them -LRB- the souls -RRB- into hell . Nice touch . The other , Leviathan , the Enfolded One , is no prize himself . A sort of reptilian worm , he pulls humanity 's chain by initiating events like the Gulf War . Rooting for one these guys over the other is akin to either being garroted or hung with an electric rope
 Interesting concept , some interesting characters , but too much . The language gets so heavy handed -- how many similes and metaphors can you take -- and melodrama , boy ! At times this book was like reading the worst sections of Anne Rice 's Violin over and over and over ... Yeah , yeah , yeah . . I got it already ! Move on .
 I enjoyed the storyline and charactor development . It should have been a ` good read ' but was , for me , spoilt by cumbersome presentation and ` arty ' expression . I was looking for a story which the theme promised but it got lost in the litteray world . Why ca n't these writers present ideas and thoughts simply ? Complexity does not equate with ` quality ' . I also deplore the trend of many a horror novel nowadays having to have a statutary gay component . What 's wrong with a bit of plain old spine chilling with a touch of straight on the side?When I finished this story I was not desperately looking for another by the same author ! Compare this to `` The Stake ' or `` Crota ' which where fun reads .
 it was well written and i probably would have enjoyed the plot had i been able to follow it . i lost interest before the end and lost the book ... no sweat off my back . it was nothing special and it would probably be better going to the library .
 I was really looking forward to this book only to be hugely disappointed . In every other sentence in every other paragraph was some sort of descriptive phrase `` like moths to a flame '' ; `` like bees to honey '' , it was soooo boring . Then what was the author thinking by splitting some of the pages into 2 or 3 columns then having a sentence run all over the page ??? If you go to the author 's website he talks about how to be original in your stories and ideas before you put them to paper . . and the author tries desperately to write this lyrical prose but falls way short . And big deal these demons are causing the ills of the world including the gulf war ... please -- who did n't see that plot coming a mile away . And my biggest beef with this book is the author 's constant use of the `` n-word '' . It just seemed to me that the author had no idea at times what he wanted to do with his characters . Some of his passages were just drivel . This is by far the 2nd worst book I 've read this year . I 'm not even going to give this to the library it 's so bad .
 Mr. Marano 's story wanders ... and wanders ... and wanders . His characters do n't interact , and their development is pointless . This book is fully 200 pages too long . How long can the demons of Hell just sit and stir to existence and still keep our attention ? Not 250 pages ! There are some good moments , such as the Succubus inhabiting the mouse , but they are few and far between . The premise of this novel was so very promising -- I was very excited to read it . And I was let down completely . Mr. Marano , please , next time you have a good idea for a story , please write a story , not an epic adventure of style .
 I liked the characters . He did a great job of letting the reader get to know the characters . However the plot was awful . At the end I was left feeling like he just threw a bunch of words together just to end the book . It 's almost as though you 're left wondering exactly what happened at the end .
 WARNING
 What else to expect from a Cato Institute publication ? They support the corporatism of space as the last frontier .
 I bought the Kindle edition of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard under the impression that it was the translation done by English playwright Tom Stoppard as the authorship of the item clearly states in Amazon 's description . However , upon examining the title page of the Kindle book I was shocked to see someone else listed as the translator . I have not read this translation and therefore can not review it , but I am extremely disappointed that Amazon is misrepresenting this item and they need to dix it !
 The packaging allowed something to stab through thepaper of the book and ruin the bottom of two pages . I repaired it with tape , but itcould not be used by anyone but me . I will keep it however .
 With hundreds of versions of The Cherry Orchard available , you would think that Amazon would have the sense to name the translator . I think this is the same version used by LA Theater Works in which case the translator would be Michael Frayn .
 Although Chekov 's play accurately reflects the decline of Aristocratic power in 19th century Russia , it is unfulfilling . Mdm . Ranevskaya 's Orchard is bought under her feet by a `` friend '' whose hunger for profit motivated his friendship with her . So this is the transformative moment
 Reading this book , though it was very short , was an incredibly large waste of time ! It was confusing , badly written and pointless . Reading a book where the plot is hidden in choppy sentences and weird Russian words contributed to my dislike of this book . Take my advice , if you are going to read this book dont read it before bed or you will most definatly fall asleep !
 `` The Cherry Orchard '' is an atrocious play . If we hold this play in high regard , then we dramatist 's need to reevaluate our standards . Chekhov wrote a play that will make you not care an inch about the character 's or their situation -LRB- s -RRB- . For him to think that this is a comedy makes you wonder if he understood the point he himself was trying to make . The characters are pathetic and they 'll make you pity them - not because of their predicaments , but because of whom they are . I do not recommend .
 This book lost all credibility when I read the authors ' attack on fundamentalism . I am a former fundamentalist , so I might be expected to have an apostate 's bias against fundamentalism , but these authors are not only inaccurate but almost comically biased . The authors claim that the fundamentalists ' belief in the truth of the Bible is `` borders on idolatry , '' that fundamentalists are `` often parasitic '' and define themselves not by belief in their scriptures or truth , but by their opposition to `` other approaches . '' Instead of examining the mainstream Christian fundamentalist beliefs , the authors simply define all fundamentists as having `` a totally closed world view , '' and damn all fundamentalists by guilt through supposed association with the Ayatollah Khomeini , David Koresh and the Taliban.Lastly , the title is misleading , especially when sold in secular stores , as mine was . The title would more accurately be , _ A Liberal Christian Response to Philosophy _ , instead of the current title .
 `` I did n't say anything then because that has a very good chance of happening , and there is n't really any way out once Uncle Frank gets you , except holding your breath for a really , really long time , which might spoil the day for everyone else , even though the ambulance would come and I would get to ride inside it while they saved my life . `` Verbatim quote of the author 's writing abilities . I myself had a hard time trying to understand some of these sentences - imagine my first grader 's annoyance.Run-on sentences , mixed verb tense , missing punctuation , you name it . The book should be called `` Bad writing lessons . '' The editor must have been out sick the day this manuscript was turned in.Give it to a kid you dislike to repulse them away from reading.But the illustrations are nice . So , one star for that .
 This book seems just a vehicle to vent the author 's bitterness and is a very poor representation of the experience of Catholic schooling and upbringing . I am saddened to think readers may think it is . It is neither humorous nor entertaining . I read it cover to cover looking for merit and found none . I have to give it a poor rating .
 The book did bring back pleasant memories of attending a Catholic School . It 's too bad that Gina Cascone hated attending a Catholic School . I kept reading hoping that at some time she would say something good about being a Catholic . But that never happened . If I had n't experienced Catholic Schools myself , this book would convince me that sending your child to a Catholic school is child abuse . I only recommend this book for people who hated being Catholic .
 This memoir was very , very funny . Cascone has a way with a phrase and a quick delivery that keeps the book moving along , and her description of her classmates will ring true with readers of all denominations -LRB- we 've all known the Teacher 's Pet , the Rebel , etc. -RRB- It 's a bit hard to know how to classify this book , though . On the one hand , it 's a very amusing trip down memory lane . On the other hand , it 's a hugely one-sided and even somewhat erroneous picture of Catholicism . Cascone recounts her experiences through the eyes of a child , which is effective given the fact that this is a memoir . The problem is that her discussion of the Catholic faith never grows beyond what she knew as a child . The reader sees the religion through the eyes of a child who is being given very extreme , pre-Vatican II instruction . I 'm certainly not faulting her for sharing her experiences and her reactions , and I certainly believe that they really happened . But the book is about an adult who , at the end of the story , rejects Catholicism based on a stunted understanding of what the faith really is . Ultimately , I guess it 's a good argument in favor of getting to know faith as an adult before deciding to reject it.In the final analysis , I think this was a very entertaining book , but it certainly does n't offer anything in the way of real spiritual insight . Do n't let it inform your view of Catholicism because there 's much more to the religion than you 'll find here .
 I , too , grew up Catholic . I , too , have hilarious stories of my experiences . How lucky I feel , though , to have been raised to honor and respect my faith . Yes , my old friends and I still chuckle over certain eccentric nuns , over chapel veils and pagan baby collections , but mostly we feel lucky and richer for this experience . Since my patent leather shoe days , I 've been widowed -LRB- young -RRB- , lost my father -LRB- young -RRB- , raised six children ... no heartache or challenge has been too great , as I have been comforted and strengthened by this two thousand year old faith Gina Cascone so glibly dismisses . Had she remained true to her faith , some of what she says could be taken as good natured fun . She has instead turned her back on Catholicism and puts herself above sacraments and revered practices and beliefs . Her humor smacks of arrogance and ignorance . How sad .
 Unlike other religiously oriented books such as the Da Vinci Code , in this one you really have to take religion seriously . If you do n't believe , then the book will look silly . If you do believe , then the book will make your beliefs look silly . Kind of a no-win situation . I found it boring.But , more importantly , can we stop publishing books in which `` suspense '' is created and maintained by telling the story from two or three perspectives , then breaking up these stories into three-page fragments?I swear , I almost grabbed a razor blade and cut the book up so that I could reassemble it into a coherent narrative .
 I like Steve Berry . And I find his books well researched , enlightening and thrilling . But there needs to be some logical even if albeit unexpected ending . Here , not so.The Da Vinci Code conspiracy here is in the Sacred College of Cardinals , in the very government that runs ONE BILLION CATHOLICS . That 's a lot of Hail Mary 's from a guy that 's said quite a few Hail Marys himself . And I would venture a guess that Mr. Berry is not that happy with his roots , which appear to be Catholic . I 'm not sure ; does n't make any difference . But , a lot of people in and out of the church are n't too happy . I think that 's probably the nature of the God-Man relationship . You believe it and accept it or you do n't . So Mr. Berry posits that the Visitations of Mary were in fact real and she spoke to a select few , and the few were not prelates of the church but rather the most common of folk ... if you believe , that 's kind of how it went . And the church revealed part of the conversations heard by the folks ... but Berry alleges , not all.And what the church conspired to hide was tumultuous . Staggering . Incredible . And also , unbelievable . I ca n't really describe the topics because that gives away the ending . Nor is the ending offensive . Nor are the conclusions Mr. Berry reaches necessarily wrong . It 's just not going to happen . The conclusions that James Patterson arrives at in Beach House I and II , as ridiculous as they appear that cross mutation can create children who can do orbital physics in their head and sprout wings -LRB- and fly -RRB- , makes more sense than Mr. Berry 's conclusion.Steve , you had me until the Third Secret . Then I left to put my mortgage on the Detroit Tigers to win the World Series next year . 2 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 I wish the Catholic bashing would stop ; perhaps a way to do so would be a real 3rd secret . I finished this book just because I took it as total fantasy . If you put aside all the preconceptions about doctrine , Catholic history , etc. , and are willing to just go for a ride without expecting the thing to make `` Catholic sense , '' the book can actually be rather enjoying in its plot . Of course , the actual 3rd secret -LRB- which has been revealed by everyone reviewing the book here -RRB- is ludicrous , but entertaining if you can set aside everything else . So it 's what you expect ; a Steve Berry novel , which has its own universe . You should expect to get what you know you are buying from this author , nothing more .
 I kept reading past the midpoint of the book , hoping that this was not going to be another liberal-inspired jab at the Catholic church . But , as the end wore on , sure enough all of the liberal jargon found its way in to the final chapters , pro-choice , homosexuality is OK , female priests , married priests . This is suppose to be a novel , but I hate to see an author play fast and loose with factual history to satisfy a political motive . This book is a waste of time . My first Steve Berry read , and my last .
 This book is rife with misconceptions about the Catholic Church and is a disappointing read for anyone with even the slightest understanding of marian apparitions . The suspense builds until finally , near the end of the book , the missing portion of the `` third secret of Fatima '' is revealed . The problem is that the missing portion of the secret is preposterous and unbelievable , making the climax of the book a disappointment.I am surprised that best-selling author Steve Berry would produce a book that is so poorly researched . He has lost credibility with me and I will never read another of his books.Beyond betraying the author 's ignorance of the Catholic Church , the book was poorly edited and had many typos . At one point , the name of even one of the main characters was misspelled!While many would find the book 's suspense compelling , I thought reading it was a waste of time .
 I began reading Steve Berry 's books in order . The first two were fine . The Third Secret was just absurd . I got almost to the end and just gave up . Very rarely will I not finish a book once I get into it . I can overlook some implausability and use my imagination when reading , but this was just too far . I thought Dan Brown 's Demons & Angels was pretty farfetched at the end , but The Third Secret is even worse . I am not particularly religious , so it was n't that I was offended by the book . I stopped reading Mr. Berry 's books for quite some time after this book . I finally decided to pick up with his next book , which is much better so far.I recommend this author , in general , for some light , entertaining reading , but skip this installment .
 I bought this book in hopes that it might compare to Dan Brown 's novels with his masterful mix of political intrigue , historical theory and fact , unforeseen plot developments and well-written characters . Conversely , The Third Secret seems implausible , poorly written and simplistic . The story centers on Colin Michener , a believable character , and his inner debate with God and the Vatican concerning his ex-girlfriend and the necessity of ruthless ambition within the Sacred College . Father Michener 's wish to reconcile the demands of Catholicism with his own feelings makes him easy to identify with . The novel has a promising beginning , but it fails to develop three-dimensional characters or unexpected plot twists . After all , the story centers around knowledge that God approves of abortion , female clergy , papal suicide and married priests . Not that these things would be bad , but rather extremely unrealistic in view of Catholic dogma . The book also features many typos including multiple misspellings of one of the main characters ' names and other common words . I suppose I should have known better when I saw that all of the outstanding reviews on the cover are from newspapers in Wichita Falls , Memphis , Orlando and Roanoke , without a Post , Globe or Times review in sight .
 I 've now read all of Berry 's books and although I mostly enjoyed the story lines , I progressively grew weary of how Berry re-writes his own version of Christianity into each one . I realize this is fiction , but each story seemed to try harder to change some truths about Christianity . I read The Third Secret last , and finally have decided to stop reading Berry 's books . Writing about Mary , the mother of Jesus , visiting the earth and telling us that heaven approves of homosexuality and that abortion is just fine if that 's what the mother wants ??? I realize that not everyone believes the Bible . But if you do , these two issues are clearly defined as sin . Interesting that in his `` Writer 's Note '' at the end of the book , he discusses what is fact and what is fiction ... but absolutely fails to mention his own fictional words he put into the mouth of Mary . Decent story until this ficticious third secret is revealed .
 What a piece of propagandistic garbage ! If an author is going to usehis liberal pipedreams as the basis of novel , at least he could do ismake it much more plausible and entertaining than this.Although I 'm not Catholic and have fundamental and profound theologicaldisagreements with Catholic doctrine , it 's laughable to assert thatthe Third Secret that Berry finally reveals could cause such a negative impactas he imagines . True , the Catholic faith has a problem because it placesChurch Tradition and the papacy on the same authoritative level as theBible , but it would n't take five minutes for a competent Biblical scholarto disprove much less neutralize Berry 's `` revelations . `` Suppose Berry 's plot actually happened . Suppose the messages in thevisions were actually given as Berry imagines . Only someone who hasno Biblical knowledge or skill at simple Biblical exegesis or , on the otherhand , someone who believes special revelation continues today likecharismatics claim , could swallow such balderdash and be deceived -LRB- thoughI 'm certain many would be -RRB- . We find in the early pages of the Bible TWO standardsby which to determine if a `` prophecy '' is of genuine divine origin . ONE , it must come to pass if it is of a future fulfillment . If it does not , the person is a false prophet . TWO , and it is here Berry fails miserably , is that if the nature of themessage contradicts what is already written in Scripture , or would lead someoneto behave in a manner forbidden by God , the message , and the messenger , is false and is not to be obeyed.Therefore , within Berry 's own creation , there is this ridiculous internal inconsistency which makes nonsense of his entire premise.Well worth avoiding the waste of time I unfortunately spent reading this tripe .
 The author is quite talented ; the book well written . The religious history very interesting . There is sufficient adventure , intrigue and excitement.But the central theme , that many core beliefs of Catholicism are at odds with the God it purports to serve , that Mary herself has repudiated such beliefs , and that a progressive pope will shortly put an end to these beliefs , is more than a stretch , it devolves into an anti-Catholic message that is wrapped around a good yarn . This is exacerbated by the depiction of high church officials as evil Mafia type figures who readily engage in heinous acts , including murder and extortion . Yes , some church officials have in the past been guilty of deceit and cover ups to protect child abusers , but this is a far cry from high church officials engaging in conduct rivaling that of the characters in `` The Godfather '' series . But if comparing the Catholic church to the evil demonstrated in those movies is your cup to tea , then this book is for you .
 This book is a huge disappointment . I bought it because I had enjoyed other works by Steve Berry , and I like the genre . Having read the DaVinci Code , for example , I regarded Berry as a more engaging and better writer than Dan Brown . Then I got The Third Secret . It 's lame . The anti-Church criticisms are formulaic and without nuance . I found it amazing that , for example , Berry 's stridency against Church rules prohibiting Catholic priests marrying offended me because , in fact , I agree with Berry 's position . It 's just that we was so overbearing in his preaching that it detracted from what should have been his main point ... entertaining -LRB- not insulting -RRB- the reader.The villainous Cardinal , his amoral henchman , the female interest -LRB- whose thought processes are completely unrealistic -RRB- and , of course , the emotionally torn protagonist are one dimensional and unbelievable.I do not say to not buy another Steve Book ... I bought this one because I liked the other ones I read . Just do n't bother with this one .
 I really wanted to like this book . Even when I found gross errors concerning basic Catholic Doctrine regarding confession , infallibility and suicide . Not to mention the idea that Paul VI would send his secretary back into the archives alone and with his Papal Seal . Get real people.As I was reading I had developed the idea -LRB- or hope -RRB- that Berry would present the third secret as an admonishment to the Curia for their lack of Christian leadership and a call to correct the errors of their predecessors . He had laid the ground work in pointing out that self interest is alive and well within the Curia . He had also pointed to the lack of the Vatican 's Christian responsibility regarding the care of those in need.In short , the Vatican leadership of the Catholic Church today , and for centuries -LRB- since the time of Constantine -RRB- , bears a strong resemblance to the actions of the Temple Sanhedrin of our Lord 's time . They do not practice Christianity as our Lord taught . They store up earthly treasure for themselves and the Church -LRB- under the guise of protection -RRB- , follow the Letter of the Law -LRB- Doctrines and Traditions -RRB- without concern to the Spirit of the teachings of Christ in much the same way that the religious leadership of the Jewish people ingored the Spirit of their own laws and worked to contrive their way around the Letter of the Law to satisify their own self interests , all while rationalizing that their actions were for the good of the people.So I was disapointed with the book . I did read it all the way through which counts for one star and I did learn a few things about the orphans in Romania and the birthing homes in Ireland . So that merits another star . But I had the distinct impression when I finnished the book that Berry had a deadline to meet and had to `` wrap it up '' and the `` secret '' he presented was `` way off the wall '' and not even worthy of the slightest consideration.I would not recommend this book to anyone .
 ... the first dozen or so pages are crammed chock-a-block with most every anti-Catholic cliche you can think of . I did n't continue to find the rest of them . It 's as if the world-changing reign of John Paul the Great had never happened . I know it 's only a thriller , but I just did n't buy the set-up , YMMV .
 This book is weak on a number of levels ... Where to start?I could tell you things like the fact that while there are moments of good suspense in the last 3rd , the book starts in a fairly slow manner.Or , I could tell you that the book seems to contain few actual Catholics who both believe like Catholics and act like Christians -LRB- and even though I 'm not a Catholic , I know that there are many -RRB- . But really , all that is just secondary compared to the absolute gall of picturing the Virgin Mary descending from heaven in a vision and1 . Telling a priest it 's okay to sleep with a woman to whom he is not married2 . Giving the thumbs up to same sex sexual relationtionships3 . Approving of abortionNow , regardless of how you feel about these issues -LRB- and yes , I know it 's fiction -RRB- , it 's still very , very , very poor form to put what is clearly anti-catholic -LRB- and what many would say is anti-Christian -RRB- doctrine/ideas in the mouth of Mary.Particularly ridiculous is the idea that Mary `` chose '' to have Jesus and so she clearly favors abortion.Aye carumba ... Steve Berry should thank God that Christianity is different than many other world religions . If he tried this kind of garbage with some religious figures he 'd probably end up having to go underground.As it is , he should merely be ashamed of this insulting , poorly written rip-off of the Da Vinci Code .
 Monsignor Colin Michener is the personal assistant to the current pope , a man who is his dearest friend and adviser . But for all their closeness , the Pope is keeping a secret from Colin . Colin knows that the Pope is visiting secret Vatican archives and from their discussions , something is weighing heavily on the Pope 's mind . Colin 's world is turned upside down , though , when the Pope commits suicide . Immediately , men begin vying for the position of pope , but Colin has a different mission . Complete a task the deceased pope asked him to and uncover the third secret of Fatima.There will be no more Steve Berry for me . I had tried three or four novels by this author and I find them to all be the same
 Having read all that Steve Berry has written , I expected much more from this author . The entire book deals with the inside of the Vatican and the machinations and politics behind picking a pope and the various disagreements between people that live and work there . Then you throw in some old time miracles and their interpretaions , without really revealing what they mean until the end , and all you get is a boring book that never satisfies.The reason I entitled this a religious impossibility is because some of the characters in the book , cardinals , the new pope , etc. , are so evil and downright criminal , that there is no way they would have not been found out long ago , even assuming you throw out the logic of seemly holy individuals actually engaging in murder , assasination and bribary . Even the good guy is clueless for most of the book . When the end arrives , number one , you 're finally glad its over , and number two , you relly do n't care about the , hidden for years , prophecy . Read something else .
 I enjoyed Berry 's two other novels , despite reading reviews which complained that both books were too far-fetched and improbable . I do not mind suspending reality to read a book or to watch a movie , but this book took things a little too far ! I am Catholic , and maybe that is why I found Berry 's third secret revealed at Fatima and subsequently hidden by the Church too unbelieveable . There were several parts to the secret , and if Berry would have limited its scope , the book would have been more compelling and believeable . The portion of the secret that deals with motherhood is just totally improbable and Berry just goes too far with it . Also , it is too trite that the villian in the novel is always able to figure out the protagonist 's next step . This book starts off well , but attempts to accomplish too much , which makes it difficult for the reader to suspend reality and enjoy the story .
 If you do n't mind the liberal propaganda and the way Berry totally ignores any Scripture that contradicts his agenda , you may enjoy this book . It is a page-turner . However , when the third secret is finally revealed , it is quite anti-climatic after all the build-up it was given . I was expecting something apocolyptic and got the Democratic platform for social policy instead . Conservative Catholics and all Christians who happen to believe the Bible is true will find the book offensive .
 Father Michener is plagued with worry for his dear friend and mentor Pope Clement XV.Clement is concerned with a starling secret that is hidden in the archives of the Vatican . He then sends Michener on a trip to unravel the mystery of the third secret that the Virgin Mary has reveled to three youngstersGripping page turner ? No , the only reason why I kept turning pages was because I was highly expecting a blow out a secret to end all secrets but once reveled I was sorely let downInsights on the Vatican was nothing more than the writers own opinion which makes this book a decent fiction read , one that you can take on a long airplane trip to pass away the timeblah
 Ready for the THIRD SECRET ? ... . wait for it ... . SPOILER ALERT !!!! here it is -- GOD IS SICK OF THE CHURCH 'S OPPOSITION TO HOMOSEXUALITY AND ABORTION -LRB- Among other things -RRB- .
 All in all , I found this book to be quite disappointing.It had been highly recommended to me by a friend and was indeed fast-paced and suspenseful . So in that sense , it was a good read -- up until revelation of the `` Third Secret . `` The missing part of the `` Third Secret '' was so anachronistic to the times of the Fatima apparitions -LRB- 1917 -RRB- that it really seemed totally out of place and out of context , and not at all credible -- even for a work of fiction.That and the fact that the missing portion of the `` Third Secret '' -LRB- in the book -RRB- just had no relation or relevance to that portion of the Third Secret that has been widely publicized by the Vatican.It seems that the `` Third Secret '' is simply a fictional vehicle for the expression of the author 's own personal viewpoint on social and religious issues of today.Also , the dialogue was pretty flat overall , and the female leading character 's dialogue was so monodimensional as to be almost comical.It starts well , builds suspense , but then lets the reader -LRB- me at least -RRB- down with a thud at the end .
 This novel starts out wonderfully then takes a strong left hand turn into schlock about fifty pages through . The `` protagonist '' -LRB- use the term loosely -RRB- priest is charged by the elderly German Pope , whom he serves as private secretary , with investigating the mysterious `` third secret '' of Fatima that has remained under lock and key in the Vatican despite the promise of John XXIII and John Paul II to reveal this earth shaking secret from the Blessed Mother.Along the way , the priest gains and loses a Cardinal appointment due to the death of his boss , beds his ex-girlfriend , battles an Italian , conservative , and hence evil Cardinal with designs on the papacy and his cartoonish henchman priest , and finds out the third secret of Fatima which is nothing more than what `` liberal '' Catholics have been pressing for since Vatican II.I do n't mind anti-Catholic or anti-anything novels as long as they are well written and somewhat plausible . `` The Running Mate '' by Joe Klein is an example of an anti-GOP novel that is funny , well written and basically skewers both sides of the political debate . `` The Third Secret '' is not very good , unfortunately , and if anyone else did n't guess at least part of the `` Third Secret '' by page 125 , then they were n't reading very closely.Hopefully this author will write better books . I rather doubt it .
 To preface
 True the first 64 chapters are an interesting read but then you get to the end of Chapter 65 and finally read the Third Secret of Fatima you waited all these pages to see you want to toss this book in the trash ! I finished it today and I couldnt help but think this author finished the entire book and then inserted a few paragraphs of very badly written political agenda items and attributed them to the Virgin Mary . You honestly go huh ?? They are so out of place and farfetched . Dont waste your money . Its not 1/1000000th as good as the Da Vinci Code .
 Who knew?Who knew that what the Blessed Virgin Mary , the Mother of God , really wanted to reveal to those simple shepherd children of Fatima , of La Salette , of Medjugorje , is that abortion is perfectly OK ? -- after all , she CHOSE to bear the son of God , thereby proving that the choice to abort or carry conceived children to term is what God really desires for women . Or , who knew that Our Lady really looks with favor on homosexual acts ? These are some of the loopy revelations disclosed in this tawdry excuse for a religious thriller.Apparently the silly season -- as Fr . Richard John Neuhaus characterized that period following Vatican II which featured personages such as Matthew Fox , clown Masses , and balloon-festooned vestments -- is yet with us . Despite the rout of the progressivist agenda with the pontificate of John Paul II and the election of Benedict XVI , some folks persist in acting as if the Catholic Church will any day now morph into a mirror image of liberal Episcopalianism.If that 's your wet dream , this is the book for you . Others will find its earnest iconoclasm initially mildly amusing but oddly anachronistic and , in the end , stupefying .
 I had looked forward to this book , as I enjoyed `` The Romanov Prophecy '' as a fun summer read . Unfortunately , Berry 's allowed his religious and social views to turn his latest book into a screed . The hero 's antagonist is a cardinal that believes in priestly celibacy and other traditional Catholic dogma , which makes him not merely wrong-headed but a scheming , blackmailing , cartoon villain who does everything but twirl his mustache as he ties the heroine to railroad tracks . The `` secret '' that Barry 's concocted is intended to be `` provocative '' in the model of `` The Da Vinci Code , '' but instead the revelation manages to be both hilarious and -LRB- there 's no other word for it -RRB- blasphemous at once . Save your time and your money .
 The Third Secret is another entry in the Vatican intrigue genre . It has the usual elements
 I would give it zero stars if Amazon allowed , so in order to write this review I had to give it one , but that is pushing it . Do n't waste your time money or brain cells on this one . Just another piece of poor FICTION that rides on the tails of DaVinci Code and Angels & Demons . Steve Berry ca n't write his way out of a paper bag . Steve the word is `` anticlimactic '' not `` anticlimatic '' . Anticlimatic means you are against the weather ! HA -LRB- pg 111 -RRB- I think there is a template out there for bad fiction about the Vatican
 How many stories can intrigue in Catholic Church spawn?Berry tries to imitate Dan Brown -LRB- which is also , admittedly , his own basic style -RRB- but he really falls flat with this work.Stock characters
 And I am a recovering Catholic now Episcopalian ! Also , a registered Democrat with moderate to liberal views!Part of the argument we on the religous `` left '' as it were have with those on the far religous `` right '' is that they seem to want everything clearly outlined and defined . Like taking the bible verbatim . With the exception of the ten comandments when was anything said in the Bible or by Jesus as clear as a bell ?????? That is we , on the left think the Bible was divine inspiration not divine dictation . There is just no way the Mother of God would clearly say all the things the 3rd secret is suppose to reveal and so clearly in the syntax of the day now in the 21st century !!!!! It was an interesting point that the author had Clement be a pope of German birth and the book was probably started long before Benedict 's election . The stuff on St. malachy 's predictions was interesting too althought probably a fraud .
 This book was , according to various sources , written in 1999 , so it is hardly intruding on Brown territory esp in regard to the book Angels and Demons , which also deals with the election of a Pope . Compared to the Brown books its lowkey version of events makes it actually rather effective . Unfortunately it ends up making the same mistake as the Brown book , its villains turn out more worthy of sympathy than its heroes . In particular the Cardinal Alberto Valendrea , who Barry is determined to paint as such a scoundrel , won my admiration far more than the unhappy Colin Mitchner and his colorless girlfriend . Both the Father and the Cardinal are contesting over the content of the lost Third Secret of Fatima , which in this reviewer 's opinion might as well have stayed lost . The book 's a good airport read , but there 's little of serious import about it .
 It is difficult to understand why this book has been rated so highly.The place where the Pope spends the Summer is spelled incorrectly throughout . Author
 Held my attention for an airplane ride -LRB- hence 2 stars -RRB- , but I was sincerely disappointed for the last third . Kept reading because I did n't think any author would be that brazen . Trivializes current political / social / religous arguments to an insulting degree .
 The book was suspenceful throughout and I enjoyed it so much that I could not wait to get back to it , but the ending was less than satisfying and boardered on `` corny '' .
 This book is weak on a number of levels ... Where to start?I could tell you things like the fact that while there are moments of good suspense in the last 3rd , the book starts in a fairly slow manner.Or , I could tell you that the book seems to contain few actual Catholics who both believe like Catholics and act like Christians -LRB- and even though I 'm not a Catholic , I know that there are many -RRB- . But really , all that is just secondary compared to the absolute gall of picturing the Virgin Mary descending from heaven in a vision and1 . Telling a priest it 's okay to sleep with a woman to whom he is not married2 . Giving the thumbs up to same sex sexual relationtionships3 . Approving of abortionNow , regardless of how you feel about these issues -LRB- and yes , I know it 's fiction -RRB- , it 's still very , very , very poor form to put what is clearly anti-catholic -LRB- and what many would say is anti-Christian -RRB- doctrine/ideas in the mouth of Mary.Particularly ridiculous is the idea that Mary `` chose '' to have Jesus and so she clearly favors abortion.Aye carumba ... Steve Berry should thank God that Christianity is different than many other world religions . If he tried this kind of garbage with some religious figures he 'd probably end up having to go underground.As it is , he should merely be ashamed of this insulting , poorly written rip-off of the Da Vinci Code .
 This is one of those books that leaves you feeling as though you have had several hours of your life stolen from you , and sadly will never get the time back . The characters in the book do not keep in character . Not many pious devout priests would just decide to fornicate and not feel any guilt , or overnight completely lose faith . Berry did a reasonably good job of researching the Marian apparitions , and Vatican terminology , but he knows absolutely nothing of Catholic theology . Shame on whatever Catholic schools `` educated '' him . They failed . As another reviewer aptly put it , the ending was so blasphemous that it was almost humorous . Do n't waste your time .
 This book deals with the ever fascinating subject of prophesies , the vatican church , and corrupt officials . The book does not have a good grip on the suspense it tries to create , but actually aggravates the reader , and frustrates him . The plot is different from the usual ` Da Vinci Code ' type books , but it could have been handled much more efficiently . In all , this book is good for reading , but is definitely not a keeper .
 The Third Secret follows the typical suspense/thriller model . It is adequately interesting to keep one reading . The early pages filled with interesting bits of information about the Vatican 's history . However , -LRB- And I wo n't give away the secret -RRB- at about page 350 , the book takes a dive . Steve Berry apparently thinks that no one will object when he shoves in his personal views on divisive church issues . But whether you agree with him or not , the revelation is completely unwarranted . I suppose Berry was trying to set his religious thriller in the same vein as Dan Brown 's `` heretical '' books . In the end the book devolves into a treastise of Berry 's personal views , presented in a way that debate is impossible . That added to the absolutely deplorable behavior by the story 's protagonists -LRB- which Berry makes no attempt to challenge -RRB- makes this book a disappointing read at best .
 Selecting this book was a mistake in the sense that I thought it was a Catholic novel . I had recently read Michael O'Brien 's most excellent `` Father Elijah '' and was eager for another faithful and exciting novel.I got a pretty good sense of where Berry was heading with this about a third of the way through , but was open to the possibility that he might be masking what would eventually finish as a novel true to Church teaching . Not the case . The purported secret message from Mary in this story was not only naive and inconsistent with biblical and Church teaching , it was insulting to one 's intelligence and ability immediately see the ridiculousness of such a supposed message . You might as well have expected the reading audience to believe that Mary 's message was that she `` was a Yankees or Dodgers fan . '' Come on ! * SPOILER * That God 's message through Mary would , among other things -LRB- such as approve of homosexuality , endorse female priests , condone priestly celibacy -RRB- supposedly use her assent to give birth to Jesus by the power of the Holy Spirit as a means to assert that a decision to have abortion is along the same plane is beyond what any rational , free-thinking person could believe , regardless of their faith . It is just not a logical jump that can be made without invalidating logic . Mary was never faced with deciding to terminate the human life within her . Her decision was upstream of that - whether or not to be with child.The writing itself was adequate - I 'm not going to slam Berry 's writing abilities just because I think his message is another form of a wolf in sheep 's clothing . It was fine -LRB- not great , not poor -RRB- and he did a reasonable job of building suspense.Avoid this book . There is an abundance of other suspense novels available and this book can only serve to further assault Church teaching and deceive a few unsuspecting , undereducated Catholics .
 Each to his own taste , but I wish I 'd read some of the negative reviews here before I wasted time and money on this book . The only `` secret '' revealed in this book is the author 's personal , overt political pro abortion and gay marriage agenda . Seriously , if you are a Christian , do yourself a favor and just skip this ridiculous attempt to make fun of your Christian beliefs .
 The Third Secret is one of three books by Steve Berry that I own , but it 's the only one I 've read ... and could possibly be the last . I tried to get into this book four different times but could never get past the first 75 pages . The best part of reading this book was that it served the same purpose as taking a sleeping pill . Each time I picked up it allowed me to fall asleep within ten minutes . A better name for The Third Secret would have been Ambien ... The Book . Virtually nothing happened in the limited time I read the book , the plot moved at a snail 's pace and the characters did not hold my interest . The old saying about books defintely applies as an argument for not reading The Secret Secret , i.e. , so many books , so little time . Do yourself a big favor and avoid any temptation you might have to read this book . It ultimately will serve as a waste of your valuable time , not to mention a waste of your money . The only reason stopping me from giving this book a 1-star rating is my guilt in not spending more time to give The Third Secret a chance to improve . However , for me , the secret about this book was already out of the bag , so to speak . That is , that after 75 pages it was no secret that The Third Secret was a real snoozer .
 I truly enjoyed a good portion of this book . I read it quickly because I could n't wait to find out what the Third Secret was . But , I was so disappointed . The secret revealed by the Virgin turns out to be liberal , politically-correct nonsense . I could barely finish the book .
 I have to say I was sorely disappointed in what Steve Berry finally came up with as the remaining Third Secret of Fatima and the 10th Secret of Medgejgorje . -LRB- ** Beware plot spoiler coming ... if you do n't want to know ... STOP READING NOW *** !!! . -RRB- Sounds to me like he must be friends with Dan Brown . Do they both have some kind of feminist agenda ? Or was he looking for something to cause some controversy ? I do n't know . All I can say is that I was really looking forward to how the book was going to end . Then , when I finally got to the chapter where both secrets were revealed ... after reading that , I just shut the book and did n't even bother to finish it . How disappointing . He had to have been able to come up with something better than that weak , lame secret . After reading part of the book , I was interested to the point that I told myself I would go out and buy the rest of his books to read them too . Not anymore . Ugh . The downhill slide I guess started when he had the Virgin Mary telling the Pope he would have to kill himself . I know it 's only a book ... but come on . It really bothers me when an author has heavenly beings saying things that they -LRB- the author -RRB- want said . Same goes for why I do n't like the Joshua books . Girzone 's too sick to be a priest ... but he can travel the world selling his books . Doe 's anyone else think that 's a bit strange ? Get real Steve !!! You had a book that could have people on the end of their seat ... and you blew it ... totally blew it . Very disappointing !!!
 I have never been so disappointed with a book . This one had some real potential , it actually kept me interested -LRB- not engrossed -RRB- through the first half . That 's when things started going down hill - and fast.This one went straight into the garbage when I finished it !
 The book was pretty well written , but is typical in that the conservatives are the evil ones and the liberals are the good guys . How tiresome that plotline is !! But the unforgivable sin is the third secret . It is just plain stupid . Any one who knows anything about Catholicism will just laugh off the third secret . It is just wishful thinking by people who want their Catholicism in the cafeteria style . I stopped reading it after that .
 It is sad that the author undermines what could be a legitimate plot and wastes no time to subdue it by pushing his personal anti- Catholic , pro-abortion agenda , in the most offensive of terms .
 This book targets some very political issues right at the heart of the Catholic church and then -LRB- here 's the unbelievable part -RRB- one of the Cardinals engages one of the priests to kill other priests to maintain the status quo and ultimately become pope . I 'm not Catholic but I just do n't think the premise of the book or the actions of the characters were believable .
 This could have been a good story but it lost all credibility with me by Mr. Berry 's admitted ` taking liberties ' with the Virgin 's third secret . ` Taking liberties ' is an understatement . It 's more like blasphemy . His rendition of the third secret supposedly spoken by the Virgin was way out of line . And also by Clement XV - the pope in this story - taking his own life after the Virgin told him to do so . The characters might have started out to be credible but they fell off the radar as well . Why would a priest who knew about a certain character murdering another priest tell that person , the murderer , that if he told on his accomplice who happened to be the next in line to be pope - after much manipulation of course - that this murderer is free to go upon confessing his part in the murder ? And who was he to even make such a decision ? The lady friend journalist was also wishy washy with all her smart-ass rebukes to the same guy who kept threatening to kill her too . In an effort to try to make her into a capable person who knows what she wants in life , she came across as workable as play dough and about as smart . Apparently Mr. Berry is a reluctant Catholic who has a lot of built-up resentment for the Church concerning celibacy to women priests to abortions to homosexuality . It becomes glaringly obvious that he uses his own opinions as being the message from the Virgin which he really has no business doing , even in fiction .
 The characters in Berry 's novel seem to be computer generated , as does the story itself . Once again , the evil Catholic Church has hidden the `` truth '' from a blind & stupid laity , who must be recued by the liberal elite . Those priests , bishops & nuns who have failed to live up to their vows due to their exclusive knowledge of what `` Truth '' is , i.e. `` situational '' . Berry quotes extensively from scripture in this piece of work . He even quotes a scripture that makes his whole story just plain silly . `` What you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven & what you bind on earth , will be bound in heaven . '' Guess he overlooked that one because , after all , most of us loyal to the Church , are too dumb & blind to `` catch it '' . I 'm an old woman now , so I 'll just stick to my ongoing conversations with Jesus through the Eucharist , the rosary , & just plain `` listening '' . By the way Steve , Jesus loves you ... but , He 's not too fond of the way you presented His Mother.Kathleen RineyTroy , Tx .
 Although The Third Secret is the first and only book I have bought and/or read from Steve Berry , I was not impressed . The first two thirds of the book was written well . The book bviously puts the Catholic church in a very bad light . The mysterious untold portion of the third secret -LRB- which is what keeps you reading the book -RRB- was so bizaar and completely rediculous that it blew away any semblance of believability that the reader may have had up to that point . What a severe let down . Fiction of this type has to retain some trace of believablity even to the end . I can not recommend this book .
 A colleage recently recommended this book to me when we were on a business trip together . While traveling , she and I -LRB- both Catholics -RRB- discussed how change in the Church happens from within . Someday , we hope to see a Pope from Africa or South America who reflects the changing face of the Faithful . Someday , we wonder if women will be able to have a stronger role in the Church . It was during this discussion that my colleague mentioned THE THIRD SECRET and said that it focused on an African Pope . She also mentioned that the book was wholly irreverent , but that she enjoyed it . I had enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons , so I thought this might be worth a spin , too.I stayed up until 1 a.m. last night to finish THE THIRD SECRET . It was a good yarn up until Chapter 65 , which -- as noted in other reviews -- the big whopper of a secret was revealed . Perhaps someday -LRB- likely not in our lifetimes -RRB- women will be allowed to celebrate Mass , or the celibacy vow might be overturned . Despite secular pressures I doubt we will ever see the Church wholeheartedly embrace same-sex marriage and abortion . I mean , come on , this IS the Catholic Church we 're talking about here . And to have Mary , the Mother of God , say this stuff ? Steve , buddy , that 's waaaaaay over the top . It would have been much more plausible to stick with the plot thread of priests debating and doubting their vow to the Holy Order . Having that stuff come out of Mary 's mouth is just too crazy for even this `` liberal , progressive '' Catholic .2 stars
 This book is contrived , poorly written , and far-fetched . It casts Church conservatives as evil and diabolical men trying to thwart the will of God by hiding and/or destroying the revelations from Fatima and Medjugorie . It turns out that the ` revelations ' are based on God 's dissatisfaction with Church doctrine in areas that liberals are always whiny about . ** Spoiler below ** So the repeated appearances of the Virgin Mary were due to her anger that the Church opposed homosexual marriage , abortion , female priests , and allowing priests to marry and have families . How lame and predictable . Terrible book and a waste of time .
 Painfully , painfully , painfully bad ! At first it 's just the bad writing and the stock cardboard characters . If you 're looking for psychological nuance or complexity , do n't open this book . Thank God the author spared us the love scenes ! But by the time the secrets are revealed , the book has descended into a comic awfulness reserved for only the greatest bad books . I was writhing and groaning on my couch . If your book club is used to reading good books , have them read this one sometime , and then sit around like the guys in Mystery Science Theater and have a great time poking fun at it . But hey , it was a best seller ! Says a lot about us does n't it ?!
 I wanted to like this book but just could n't . It was close but too slow , too predicatable and certainly no thriller . Somewhat interesting twist on the `` secret '' but not enough to recommend it as a must read .
 the author uses a great inspiring event to sneak in at the end of his story his personal perverted idea of morality . . this book iwould describe as a piece of garbage . . i assinged my copy to the garbage disposal where it belongs ...
 Warning ! Spoiler!The secret that motivates reading this book is that Mary has given the world a message from God and the Catholic Church has kept it hidden . The secret
 I agree with the `` disappointing '' review and would add that the resolution of the mystery could have and should have been without the author 's own agenda . To suggest that the Blessed Mother would actually call for murder , suicide , abortion , homosexuality and promiscuity in the priesthood is appalling ! I would not reccomend this book to anyone and as I am a full time employee of a county library in an upscale community , I will tell our patrons to pass on this novel .
 This book is contrived , poorly written , and far-fetched . It casts Church conservatives as evil and diabolical men trying to thwart the will of God by hiding and/or destroying the revelations from Fatima and Medjugorie . It turns out that the ` revelations ' are based on God 's dissatisfaction with Church doctrine in areas that liberals are always whiny about . -LRB- ... -RRB- So the repeated appearances of the Virgin Mary were due to her anger that the Church opposed homosexual marriage , abortion , female priests , and allowing priests to marry and have families . How lame and predictable . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 A good book constantly makes you wonder what is going to happen next . It makes you care about the characters . It stirs emotion . It keeps you on the edge of your seat . It makes you want to go back to it and keep reading.The Third Secret does none of these .
 i wish I could give this book no stars.I would have to strongly disagree that Steve Berry did a good job of researching this book . Steve Berry does not know the difference between doctrine and rule or excommunication and censure . As a fallen-away Catholic , he probably did his research by listening to the lies and misconceptions promulgated in anti-Catholic websites and chat rooms . It is very clear that Steve Berry has major conflicts with the doctrine and rules of the Catholic Church and justifies his leaving the Church by writing about how horrible and evil it is.I was unable to go through much of the book because of the overwhelming anti-Catholic bias . This novel is just one more of the many novels that will be used by anti-Catholic bigots in their attacks on Catholics and Catholicism . Do n't spend your money on this garbage .
 I read a few reviews and decided to get this book . I enjoyed the first 200 or so pages , but the book begins to bog down with `` The third Secret '' revealed by the Virgin Mary at Fatima . The secrets she revealed to the three children are a closely held secret , but why is the Church afraid of those secrets ? Berry -LRB- the author -RRB- has the sterotypical `` evil '' associates ranging from a Vatican official who longs to be the Pope -LRB- with , of course , evil conspirators along with priests who are close to the reigning Pope in the book and who are oblivious to the schemes behind Vatican 's closed doors . Of course , the beautiful former lover of a priest is involved and the political agendas of this author are evident thru the book.The `` secret '' is revealed late in the book and I yawned . The Big Secret ? I wo n't give it away , but it 's clear that the author has his own agenda . Is the `` Third Secret '' something about the end times ? The birth a new religion ? The end of the church ? When the `` Secret '' was revealed I felt like a kid who orders the toy in the mail only to find out it is a piece of junk . Seriously , if the `` Secret '' from the Virgin Mary at Fatima gave the children that information it would be absurd beyond description . The `` Secret '' is so pathetic that it is clear it is the author 's idea . I was sorely disappointed in the last 100 pages and I was able to predict the ending with seventy pages to go . The book is awful and it 's obvious that the author has issues with the Catholic Church . Yeah , it 's fiction , but it 's not that great of a read . If you want to read conspiracy theories and the Vatican with a fictional twist there are far better books out there . Skip this book unless you want to torture yourself for a few hours of reading .
 while this plot line may have some twists and turns that have a newer spin , this book is n't `` new '' in terms of a fast paced thriller . Mr. Berry does keep the reader engaged , but with so many other books on the market with similiar plot lines centering around the Church , well , one can see the ending before it actually happens . The characters are pretty much stererotypical , the woman hard-boiled woman who has lost her faith and so forth and then the `` love interest '' . However , if you need a good read on the plane or while traveling , pick it up !
 The Third Secret is a very good story ; unfortunately its written in a mediocre manner . The plot is shallow and poorly developed and at times , obvious . Its more akin to the work of an amateur than a published author . Although Berry seems to have stumbled while penning this work , the editor has badly let the reader down ; errors in prose , style and consistency are too numerous to mention.I suggest those who wish to read Berry 's work wait for the paperback edition or visit their public library . The Third Secret is a poor waste of hard earned wages .
 I was really intrigued by the jacket copy and read this book with hopes of an intelligent thriller about an intriguing religious mystery . The third secret of Fatima has long been a subject of speculation . The revelation of it a few years ago was a letdown , so it was totally plausible for Berry to concoct a thriller around the `` real '' secret.But this book misses the mark . I am willing to believe in cardinals wheeling and dealing and not always for holy purposes . But do we really believe a cardinal would authorize murder to get his hands on the secret and the papal throne?The secret that Berry invents is a totally ludicrous wishlist of changes in the church . That he suggests that the Virgin Mary has been endorsing these changes for almost 80 years is a hoot.Is it possible to write a thriller about the Catholic Chruch that does not have priests bedding mistresses or murdering people ? There are plenty of mysteries , intrigues , backroom deals , etc that could provide plot points . If it was n't for the timeliness of the recent papal conclave , this would be of even less interest . Add this to the slush pile started by `` Angels and Demons '' .
 I enjoyed berry 's novel , The Amber Room , and thought this would be worth reading . It was n't !! The plot was well done , but when it came to the revelation of the `` secret '' , I moaned and wanted to toss the book across the room . What a letdown !! I literally laughed out loud and thought just another liberal minded person wrote this book . Very disappointing
 Being a big fan of the genre , I had read quite a few of Steve Berry 's books and enjoyed them up to this point . But after reading The Third Secret , I will never read another Steve Berry book again.The plot line borrowed significantly from the likes of Dan Brown in his DaVinci Code and Angels & Demons books without providing anything original besides a ludicrous conclusion . When I finally arrived at the conclusion that is so terrible it felt like I got punked by Berry , I physically threw the book down in disgust.I have never read such a terrible book in my life.Goodbye Steve Berry !
 This is the most nasty Catholic bashing novel I have ever read . There must be a better way to get an opinion accross .
 The Third Secret by Steve Berry was not one of my favorite by this author . I had read a few books by him prior to this one and found them intriguing as well as thought provoking , because of the subjects he chose to focus on . However this book simply fell flat.The Third Secret follows Father Collin Michener a secretary to the Pope and his mission to reveal a murder and Vatican cover up of certain events that took place at the Miracle at Fatima . The plot was too much like The Da Vinci Code by centering mostly in Rome and unheard small villages that the characters arrived simply because the author decided they needed to be there . The characters lacked conviction in their reasoning for their actions and beliefs which were both suppose to drive the story forward . The climax had no originality in its execution or resolution.Having gone to a Catholic school I found the book very poorly researched . It took on very controversial topics , which were not simply Christian based , without any good conclusions about them other than ` get with the program Catholicism it 's the twenty first century ' . There was not enough history or religion to make this book worth reading or really thinking about after you have finished it . The Third Secret is a quick read that will leave you the second that you have turned the last lack luster page .
 `` Frustrating '' is what another review said and that really hits the nail on the head . The only suspense in the whole book is waiting to see what the third secret is which takes until the very end to find out . Only to find that
 I read this book thinking that the author may have some good insight into what the famous `` Third Secret '' of Fatima is , especially in view of today 's world . Instead he wrote a book that ended up insulting Christians , Catholics in particular . I was shocked when he finally gets to the end of the book and suggests the Mary was sending messages from heaven implying that God is upset because there is not enough acceptance of abortion , homosexualitry , promiscuity , you name it . Steve Barry has totally lost it . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I was interested in this book based upon the title . After having read some of the reviews of people that have read it , I 'm glad I did n't order . It sounds like a sensational , fictional novel with no basis in history or in fact.Pope John Paul II revealed the third secret of Fatima in the late 1990s and attested to the content of the third secret of Fatima . This was also confirmed by Sister Lucia when the secret was revealed and before her recent death . The information is readily available on the internet in well known , respected publictions ... including many international news agencies . Just do a google search . The secret was intentionally not revealed until after the event occurred ... the attempted assasination of the pope . It 's a wonderful story that goes on to explain the pope 's devotion to Our Lady of Fatima and how he dedicated the two bullets that pierced his body.So why buy a titillating , fictional novel if you are on a quest for the truth ?
 I liked The Amber Room and LOVED The Romanov Prophecy . I was prepared for another terrific book . What a disappointment . This book is far more a fictional in-depth look at the selection of a Pope than a mystery thriller . I found it too far-fetched to be remotely believable.The flyleaf says Steve Berry is at work on his next book . Let 's hope it 's better than this one .
 This textbook has the most mistakes I have ever seen in a textbook . How can ASQ -LRB- the `` American Society for Quality '' -RRB- recommend this as a study guide ?? . I just took the SSBB exam and this book was not helpful for my preparation . The -LRB- simulated -RRB- exam questions are much more focused on calculations than the actual test . I could not even find some concepts , names and tools from the test in the glossary .
 This book was not helpful as a reference in the ASQ SSBB exam . -LRB- Go to the Indiana Society of Quality materials for a good reference . -RRB- It does not have the level of detail in subject areas to be a functional reference , and according to their own CD full of corrections and further reviews below , it is not helpful as a technical reference .
 This book came with six pages of Errata . Even with that , I still found multiple mistakes throughout the book . This book about Six Sigma was written on the one sigma level . I would not recommend this book to anybody . You can not trust this book !
 This is one of the worst written six sigma book I have read . It has neither depth or clarityThere are also many mistakes in the book . The formatting is also badly done . It is a poor effort and I am shock that this book is associated with ASQ .
 I bought this book because my 8 year old daughter wants to be a VET . She actually did enjoy the book but she also finished it in under 10 minutes . There is almost no text in the book it 's mostly pictures with a sentence or two at most.This book reads a lot more like a free brochure you pick up a kids fair rather then an $ 8 book . For what you get I would say this book should be free .
 I bought this for my child who said she wanted to be a veterinarian . He was board to death with this bland , uninteresting book . Is n't there a good book out there for kids on this topic ?
 This book has a novel premise and that 's about it . This might have made a good short story , but as a novel it is completely uninspiring . The characters are all cardboard cutouts who inspire no empathy . The plot consists of one unbelievable deus ex machina turn after another . The contrived mini-chapters with the giveaway titles are annoying . The natives of the planet Melaquin have no depth or ingenuity behind them . Do n't bother with this book .
 This book was one of the slowest and stupid books I have ever read
 This book is a somewhat enjoyable and a quick read . It starts with some very interesting concepts that offer the promise of great science fiction philosophy . Unfortunately the author seemed to get tired towards the end of the book and does n't put much effort into ending what starts as a great book.At first , I thought the author was writing a book based on a concept that was pretty original . That is the concept that an entire book could be written with a protagonist , but no antagonist . With no clearly defined villian , the hero was free to explore more than just the tight boundries dictated by modern day media entertainment . And for two-thirds of the book this concept is brilliant and works very well . Unfortunately , at some point the author seems to `` wake up '' and realize that he has no where to go with the book because he has run out of ideas or he is too scared to creatively finish what he has started . And so within the last 40 pages of the book he creates your typical villian character and ends the book on a huge cliche . Sad , this book could have been so much better if the author had stayed true to his original premise .
 Basically I agree with John Clute 's assessment of this novel . Mr. Gardner is a fine writer , but has a knack for using really dumb sociobiological explanations . Let us hope he has mulled through consequences when writing COMMITMENT HOUR . He deserves another chance .
 The first few chapters were original in content and writing style . I was intrigued and reading on in hopes of high `` original '' adventure . Alas , the author quickly ran out of his promising creativeness and the book turned into an amalgam of other sci-fi books . It felt like reading Ringworld meshed in with some others . My interest was lost and I skimmed through the latter two thirds of the book without losing much .
 I found this story to be a story that went no where , and its plot and characters were unengaging . First of all , the basic premise of the story was implausible ; that gave it a bad start . -LRB- although how is something called speculative fiction judged implausible ? -RRB- None the less , the idea of a benificial , but virtually omipotentent power existing in a universe where exporation is still necessary , is contradictory . For an interesting take on the ` ultimate ' society read Stanislaw Lem 's ` The Cyberaid ' . The basic premise of the explorer corp , on the other hand , is not only believable , but has countless parrallels in current society -LRB- think of the migrant workers that we ignore in the name of cheap produce -RRB- . Society has always found some group to marginalize for its own benifit and there is no reason to think that this will change . The other interesting point of the book is his take on the transparent humans ; the idea that being nearly indestructable will lead to stagnant emotional and intellectual development is quite inspired . It is too bad that a book with two basically interesting ideas could end up being a boring read . Ultimately the story line and characters did not catch my interest , and he did not seem to take his foundational premises anywhere . It was a chore to finish . I gave two stars because of the interesting ideas , and because the writing is clear and easy to follow .
 The Red Limit is another of Timothy 's Ferris excellent distilliations of astrophysics for public consumption . As usual , he is skilled not only in making science concepts comprehensible but bringing into vivid detail the * story * of science -- how we know what we know . It even includes the occasional philosophical discussion.So why the low rating ? Because this book is twenty years old . I had assumed that the reprint would maybe have some updated material , but it does n't . This is effectively a book on the State of Cosmology circa 1983 . Do n't waste your money on this . Ferris 's own Whole Shebang is better written and more up to date . You might also check out Lonely Hearts of the Cosmos , which is a very similar book but far better and has been updatee for the most recent discoveries . Bill Bryson 's Brief History of Nearly Everything only covers cosmology in basic detail , but is also far more up-to-date .
 I love history books and have read just about all the books in this series.This one was very weak . It starts out okay , but as you go along , it just becomes what other reviewers have noted - a very opinionated , biased piece . But even more than that , the book stops reading as history and more as narrative mishmash of events with the ever present biased commentary.I hate putting books down once started but it took me the better part of two years to get to the end of this . I could only take a few pages at a time and then I 'd have to set it aside for a while.Anyway , all I can say is this was a major disappointment .
 I recently read Theodore White 's books on the Presidential campaigns of 1960 , 64 , 68 and 72 . I was thinking this book would be a good read to keep going in chronological order ... I do n't want to quit reading too soon but the book has a tone that makes me wonder if it was written in the 1970s . . It is incredibly dated and the author appears to me to be clearly pushing a very conservative viewpoint . He seems to be selective in what he talks about and does quite a bit of editorializing . Do n't think I am going to bother finishing it .
 As a new knitter attempting to teach myself , I thought this book would help me become proficient in no time . Boy , was I wrong ! Granted , I 'm only on the first project , but I feel I 'm lucky to be squeeking even the essentials out of this poorly-written book . Some of the instructions -LRB- even illustrated -RRB- are unclear and confusing , and I was completely lost on the selvage information , which was not illustrated ; they actually used a selvage skill in the first project ! I gave up that part of the instructions after about 10 rows - it was impossible to see what I was doing and it made absolutely no sense.The first project was a scarf - ideal for new knitters , but she has you using `` chunky '' yarn and no. 17 -LRB- HUGE , FAT -RRB- needles , which were awkward to use at first and the chunky yarn made it difficult for me to really see what I was doing . Some of the other projects are just plain DORKY - no one I know would be caught dead wearing that fringed top!The `` stand-up '' feature is impractical ; the pages are n't even properly set up in the instruction part of the book to allow one to stand the book up and merely turn it around - half the pages are upside-down ! I would rather have had a regularly bound and set up book than this halfway effort.While I will keep this book and likely refer to it occasionally , I would not recommend it to anyone . I 've ordered `` Instant Expert
 Do n't buy this book!I was really excited when I bought this book
 It 's interesting that reviewers mostly either rated this book one star or five , and almost nothing in between . Seems like evidence that the book actually merits one star , and the five star reviews may have been written by those with added incentive . Even the language of the five-star reviews mimics the language of the book exactly , as though the book 's author or someone from the organization wrote them.I actually borrowed the book from the library before deciding whether to buy it , to see if the material was worth keeping around for future reference . Without even having spent anything on it , I still felt used , like I was suckered , because I invested my time in it . It 's even structured in the same way as an infomercial , with a page of enticement alternating with a page of personal testimonials from seminar attendees . -LRB- And by the way , the MIS seminar frequently mentioned in these testimonials costs $ 7,000 ! I looked it up on Ron LeGrand 's website , mentioned once every few pages in the book . -RRB- To be fair , there is some actual information in the book , albeit prefaced by constant disclaimers that further investment in training is necessary to be able to apply these principles . But something in one of the testimonials led me to believe that there 's probably not much to his exorbitant seminars either . Here is an actual quote from p. 54
 I seriously suspect that people who gave 5 star reviews for this book work for the author or publisher . This book is nothing but a plug for his real estate courses . Believe me , buying this book will make the author , LeGrand , millionare not you .
 This is like those `` tutorials '' you find for computer programs
 This book should have been titled ` Being Healthy Through Islamic Sufism ' . There is almost nothing on Sufi methods of healing . Since this book is titled ` The Art of Sufi Healing ' if you are looking for the actual * methods * or * art * of Sufi Healing , you will be very disappointed with this book.Very little of the book talks about the nature of the body and the causes of disease and methods of healing . The author does not display any detailed knowledge of Sufi healing methods . Certainly nothing that would allow someone interested in being a healer to be able to apply . Most of the first part of this book is common information in alternative healing circles and available on the Internet . No reason to buy this book for that information.The majority of the book is a collection of practices , meditation , whirling , stretching , etc. aimed at keeping someone healthy . Again , this information is not about healing . It seems the author had not achieved enough experience in specific Sufi healing methods to arrive at a meaningful synthesis in this book . The information that is presented is cursory , based on an Islamic Sufism order . There are other Sufi orders , including the Sufi Healing order , which possess much more meaning knowledge of ` The Art of Sufi Healing ' than is presented here .
 Being a fan of Richard Bach I was surprisingly disappointed with this book.There is so much detail about flying , I do n't know if there was ANY `` learning '' to be had ... Maybe , if you fly planes , this might be interestingThis book bored me so bad I did n't finish it .
 I 'll paraphrase the intro from the front of this book
 A vividly imagined tale of what might have been had the infamous Lucky Lucan -LRB- wanted for murder -RRB- come to Paris with his body double , settled in for overpriced psychotherapy with a former fake stigmatic and ultimately ended up sealing his fate in a most unexpected -LRB- and unbelievable -RRB- way . Although clever in places , witty in spots , I found this book a quick read primarily because I wanted to be finished with it quickly . The characters were brittle and unsympathetic . The scenes artificial . The book flowed like a swift stream , confident even cocky in places , but lacking the kind of depth that makes you want to dive in and swim .
 I have long been a fan of Muriel Spark 's , truly enjoying her humor and style . I liked her autobiography as well . But this book is a great disappointment . The characters are shallow
 Here 's one British reader who is feeling generous this morning so has given ` Aiding and Abetting ' two stars instead of one ... The seventh Earl of Lucan disappeared on November 7 , 1974 , having bludgeoned the child-minder to death and failed to dispose of his wife in the same manner . By all accounts , he was a fairly useless individual , so it should come as no surprise that he mistook his intended target . If he is to be remembered -LRB- which seems fairly unlikely in the long term -RRB- it will be for the fact that , despite having no obvious talents or abilities -LRB- other than the consistent ability to lose at gambling -RRB- , he has managed to evade the law for so long . Suspicion lies with the so-called nobility for having sheltered and financed him for so many years '' ... to protect his good name ... '' can you believe!If Muriel Spark is to be remembered , it will most likely be for ` The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie ' . It will most certainly not be for ` Aiding and Abetting ' which reads like an unfinished second draft . The sentence structure is impoverished , the characters lack either characterization or motivation , and the story is , frankly , stupid.Save your money ... you 'd do better buying a Superman comic .
 this comes from someone who knew nothing of the legend of lord lucan . . but still . . from the opening of the story i was intrigued by it . however , the book is constantly repeating the few details that it shares with us on the crime and lord lucan 's disappearance over and over again . i felt the book to be very incomplete . the key word here is repetitive . It 's just a bore ! Pass it ! -LRB- the last two sentences being the only in need of capitalization -RRB-
 I kept getting the feeling as I read this book that I was supposed to be impressed by its elegance -- an elegant , exotic heroine , living in Paris . Not one , but two men claiming to be an internationally-famous criminal . Spare , sophisticated prose and dialogue . But I just could n't make myself be interested in the characters or the plot.I ca n't be more specific without revealing more of the plot , but I just could n't feel that the plot was interesting or believable . The characters were so sparely drawn that I just could n't care about them . Perhaps if I were a Muriel Sparks junkie , I might be more excited , but I just was n't .
 The chase for Lord Lucan was beyond unbelievable . It seems like everywhere they turned , Lucky appeared as if the story took place in the confines of Bermuda ... not Scotland , London , Paris and Africa.Secondly , Lucky having a double made little sense . I failed to see the upside of Lucky having a double ... can you imagine all the effort and repair that went into building that ruse ? Clearly , the double was an unsustainable burden from the start -LRB- no wonder Lucky wanted him dead -RRB- . Yes it 's a satire ... but that does n't allow for utter contrivances . This books only saving grace is its brevity . Given it 's blatant shortcomings , I hope the positives the book has garnered here are not token . That 's the problem with reviews that lack impartiality ... one can never be sure of an accurate review .
 there are some uproarious jokes in this novel , but they are few and far between . the rest is a furious but empty chase , for money and protection which has the merit of speed alone . it begins and then it is over . the main characters are motivated by selfishness and greed . there is nothing likable here . and as a meditation on faith , the aptness of false-healers , idiot lying priests , and medicine-magic , the novel is disgusting and shallow .
 I purchased this book with great expectations . It is richly illustrated with rare photographs of obsolete aircraft soldiering on in an important area of operations . The writing and research was excellent , which I have come to expect from Mr. Hagedorn . However , one of these rare photographs depicted a nude strip-club dancer . Others depicted aircraft with explicit ` nose art ' . When I read a military history book , it is my expectation that I -LRB- or my son -RRB- will not be subjected to objectionable photos . I returned the book for a refund . Sorry Dan .
 Book was not written by Zane Grey , but by his son . He is nowhere near the author that his father was . There were numerous typos and mistakes all through the book . I bought the book beleiving it was written by ZaneGrey , but it was based on characters created by Zane Grey.Very dissapointing .
 ... I found this book to be relatively well written , but tediously boring . This book should probably be considered `` Recreational Mathematics '' and is jammed with math ; very little prose accompanies it . Indeed , if you do not love math , or do not love math for the sake of math -LRB- rather than , say , a physicist who merely loves math for the sake of his primary interest in physics -RRB- then you will probably not enjoy this book.The prose that the book contains seems to attempt to relate the various math that Gazale demonstrates to practical problems , especially in electrical engineering . I found these analogies to be difficult to follow and did not create much understanding of the material . For example , he discusses resonant LCR circuits and power transmission lines , and his descriptions pale in comparison to those I found in Feynman 's `` Lectures on Physics . `` Now , ... this book has a number of useful things in it which is why I say it 's `` well written . '' It does include mathematical summaries in the end of every chapter . In my opinion , this was the best part of the book . By reading only the summaries , the reader `` takes away '' most of what the author is trying to say , without having to suffer through the rest of it . If the summary is not self-evident , the reader can always go back to the chapter to divine how one of the entries in the summary was derived.All in all , I would not recommend this book to those interested in anything other than math for math 's sake . If your interest lies elsewhere , or even only obliquely in math -LRB- such as in learning math for a specific use -RRB- , then avoid this book . However , if you do enjoy a mathematical romp , then this book could well be the one for you .
 I purchased this book over a year and a half ago , and I have yet to win big . I have studied this book from cover to cover , and use it with Lotto : How to Wheel a Fortune , also by Gail Howard . Anyone who considers purchasing either book should know that the majority of the jackpot winners in her testimonial section are from the late eighties . In theory , Lottery Master Guide appears to offer a variety of proven systems to beat the odds , but sad to say , I do not feel it lives up to its claims . I personally , would advise you to save your money and not purchase either book .
 It is a so-called `` how to win '' guide that has nothing scientific . The book is simplistic and focused on prediction . No mathematical approach.Reading any lottery book with the word `` win '' in its title is a waste . For realizing this , you must first get in touch with the essence of lottery . For doing this , get a book on mathematics of lottery.You better use the money to buy more tickets instead of this book .
 Gail Howard is the pioneering author on lottery winning systems , having started about twenty years ago . She deserves credit on many points
 I brought lottery master guide . It 's helpful and It 's takes about 6 months or more . I 'm mad to my brother and my parent . I will give NO Stars . Winning the lottery is NOT EASY . My parent is asking for help . Helping other is very important than winning the lottery . I 'm so excited to win the lottery but no . It 's just a dream . I 'm not satisfied about lottery master guide . It 's just nothing . Please save your money for your needs ?
 I spent several hours with this book . Gail does a good job of explaining her processes but does n't give many clues about how to use the numerous analyses to actually pick numbers . The end result here is that all the science in the world can not predict the future.The lotto balls that blew up the tube yesterday have no relationship whatsoever to those rolling around in the machine today . Every one of the balls are put back into the machine each time and the odds are always the same . Another book , The Lottery Manual , will put this in plain English.Gail 's book also makes ridiculous statements about her Balanced Wheels - IF you pick the right numbers , the wheels guarantee a win . That 's a huge and costly IF . Further proof is that she claims people who have used her methods have together won $ 74 Million . Considering the Billions that have been won in the lottery , these wins are statistically insignificant and no better than chance.Finally , she mostly toots her own horn in this book ; promoting her other books and her archaic 1980s DOS software . This is useless and time-consuming information that will win you nothing . Think about it , if she had the secret , why would she share it ? Invest your lottery dollars and the money for this book in a high-interest online savings account . This you will always win .
 This book is about lotteries and the systems she uses . None of them help you win the lotteries . I 've tried to use this book and her software to win . Dont waste your money on her books and the software they sell . None of them will help you win lotteries . People make money off you . If their books and software worked they wouldnt be selling it . They 'd be super rich winning the lottery all the time and hiding in the hills with all their money .
 Please . Save your money and do n't buy this or any other book by Gail Howard . The entire premise of number combinations that are more likely to hit is bogus . It sounds good but its not real . Do some research online about statistics and probability . Each remaining ball has the same odds of being drawn . There is no skill to these types of lottery games-unlike say following the remaining scratch ticket prizes available for a certain game online and seeing what is the best buy . She has her success by people randomly winning with her book . Those that win are publicized . Those that do n't are quietly forgotten . Seriously , youll win more money by taking the money you would have spent on this book and buying lottery tickets .
 I assumed a book costing $ 25 would be a valuable addition to my knowledge of playing the Lotto and Lottery . I feel Gail Howard is more hype than substance . Her latest ploy is to adavance -LRB- she has used him for years to diminish me personally -RRB- Stig Holmquist to create a web page that was simply designed to decimate my credibility . If you Google Prof. Jones Lotto will now be greeted with `` Con Man , '' compliments of Gail and Stig , of course he is selling you everything from Poker Sites to Viagra . I have never believed in this style of business . Buy Gail 's book , maybe try my book , but I will not lower myself to attacking her personally.Like `` Sylvia the Psychic '' on Montel , Ms. Howard has parleyed her image to connote a knowledge of Lotto , but I would pass on her book . She claims to be a close friend of Ivan Dimitrov , I honestly doubt these claims ? She also strongly states , as does Stig , that I `` stole '' the Wheeling Systems . A High school student with one-year of Algebra could create unlimited wheeling systems . Let 's at least be honest!If you look at Stig 's reviews on Amazon or Google , he has become the hit-man for Howard . If you want to spend 2 1/2 times the money for the same information , although I feel my book has more information , purchase Gail Howard 's book . I will not call her names , she could be a very good person , and I feel personal attacks are not fair . And yes , I have 6 1/2 years of University education , California State Fullerton.Ronald Jones
 I have just finished reading this story , which was the very first Philo Vance mystery for me to encounter . The book was full of dull and rather pointless -LRB- at least to the plot of the story -RRB- information about Chinese ceramics and dog breeding . Vance 's ramblings made it very difficult for me to get into the book , and I found myself sympathizing with Marcum and others when they were fuming over his endless and dull speeches . But I persevered and kept on reading , sure that all this would pay off to a wonderfully clever ending . And I do admit , that trick with the door lock was wonderful ! But other than that , the ending was unsatisfactory and disappointing . I do not wish to spoil the story , but what happened to the dead body after it had been initially attacked ? Oh , come on ! I know that it could actually happen , but please , to bring that unusual an element into the conlusion of a mystery is just plain anticlimactic , though I understand the author 's intention of surprising his readers.Overall , the events of the story are not very well arranged , and although the events do come together at the end , it was not in a very satisfactory manner . Other than the ingenius door lock trick , the story was not really worth the time I spent in reading it .
 Thurber revealed `` The secret Life of Walter Mitty . '' DuBar should have kept his life a secret unrevealed!A lot about the drinking and useless meanderings of Jules DuBar , written in a painfully simplistic and predictable style . DuBar 's life is not interesting , except in the fact that a highly educated man so often behave so coarsely . -LRB- But geologists often took pride in that kind of behavior back when . Very macho , those guys ! -RRB- Save your money , or toss it in a river , but avoid this book .
 As a rider , a student of biomechanics and dressage judge , I have my copy of Museler and do not regret purchasing it . I do understand that it is a classic publication . However , if you have limited cash , you would do much better to purchase the platinum standard book for the independent seat of dressage , AN ANATOMY OF RIDING by Heinrich and Volker Schusdziarra -LRB- father and son medical doctors -RRB- . They wrote their book after being given a copy of Museler . In order to settle discussions about dressage riding by referring to Human Anatomy , they found fundamental problems with the Museler account . These problems include Museler 's invention of `` sacral muscles '' which do not exist . They also shed light on Museler 's term , `` bracing the back , '' which can lead to problems with the dressage seat . Their critique of Museler is sensitive and detailed , with much clearer diagrams . My copy of Museler has such tiny illustrations that they are hard to make out . On second thought , you may wish to purchase both the Museler book and the Schusdziarra book and make up your own mind . I fervently hope the second Schusdziarra book `` Reitergesprache
 I 'm specifically writing my first Amazon book review because I just finished this book and it annoyed me so much . I think the topic is incredibly relevant and interesting , but Yeoman basically seems to regurgitate many other books and articles . He says himself that the history chapter is largely pulled from `` The Prize '' -LRB- Daniel Yergin -RRB- . I know that Yergin 's book is not quite light reading , but it does much more justice to the complex social and political history of oil . John Ghadvizian 's -LRB- sp ? -RRB- recent book `` Untapped '' is also much better , especially to understand more about Africa.Then , moving from rehashing , Yeoman goes into editorializing for the second half of the book , in a way that seems just as thoughtless , only more cliched . The book is clearly anti-W , and I definitely do n't disagree with the effect that administration has had on our global reputation and energy policy -LRB- domestic and international -RRB- , but he beats us over the head with his opinion instead of presenting the data for itself . Last , he preaches hydrogen as a saving promise . I believe that we 'll need a diverse set of options to wean our current dependence on oil for transportation , and fuel cells may have a place in that , but he seems to just fall into the hype . -LSB- ... -RSB- Last , for some reason it just annoys me that he re-titled the book a couple years after the first print -LRB- it was originally called `` Oil
 If you hated the George W. Bush administration and believe that CO2 emissions are rapidly accelerating us towards an apocalyptic fate , then you 'll probably like this book . Yeomans takes opportunity to malign the former president and various members of his administration . There is not a single footnote in the entire book , and the chapter on `` Exploration or Exploitation ? '' is terribly one-sided . The sourcing notes at the end of the book list the Village Voice , the Center for Social and Economic Rights , Rainforest Action Network , and Global Witness as the primary sources of information for describing Texaco 's involvement in Ecuador . No lack of objectivity there . While the scientific community does generally accept CO2-based global warming scenarios , the extent of CO2 's effect is still subject to debate -LRB- water vapor accounts for most of the `` greenhouse effect '' -RRB- . The fact is , the environmental organizations Yeomans is so friendly with have just as much of an agenda as the automotive and petroleum industries do . Without an environmental crisis , they become irrelevant . I give it 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 -RRB- only because it was relatively well-written and probably could find use as `` informative literature '' for dissemination by the environmental rights movement .
 I believe Al Ristori to be a well respected Fisherman who normally shares valuable information in a cut to the chase manner.But this book fails to live up to that reputation.It is definitely not a '' complete guide to Saltwater Fishing '' . Almost all of the information presented in the book is cookie cutter and generic information that can easily be found on the net for free.This book was clearly not a labor of love and Al merely put his well know name on it to bank some coin ... and has disappointed me in the process ...
 As a political satire during the `` enlightenment '' Voltaire 's `` Candide '' works quite well . As a comprehensable , logically structured novel it can be at times confusing.The great thing about `` Candide '' is Voltaire treats these characters in a way I feel satire works best . You need characters who are complete cliche , sterotypes of those being mocked . Satire I feel only works when you are without limits . Go overbroad , get crazy , but always remain consistant . Do n't get serious on your audience when the first 50 pages did not . It breaks your flow . And Voltaire stays true to that form.In some ways `` Candide '' reminds me of the work of Homer . It is a grand epic where one absurb event after another takes place , but sometimes it leaves you scrathing your head wondering , `` how did we come to this '' ? You can argue Voltaire , in an attempt to pass one by the censors of the day had to make the book seems `` pointless '' so the government would n't be offened , but , we come to ask ourselves , what side is Voltaire really on?He seemed to be for the enlightment , but Pangloss , who is a symbol for the enlightenment , is presented as such a fool , who repeated says everything happens for the best when nothing is working out . Is Voltaire saying the enlightenment has lost its way ? If so , he never really provides a way for it to redeem itself.Many of his attacks on society can still be agrued today , especially his opinion of the government which makes the book a worthwhile read , but the structure of the story and much of the character set-up I found poorly done.In short the novel works well as an example of great social and political satire , but can be improved in story development . ** 1 \ 2 out of ***** Bottom-line
 I totally missed the point of the novel . Maybe I need a professor to explain the satire but I did not get it . I kept waiting for the story to tell me something about myself or about society - it never did . After reading some of your reviews , I am led to believe that I totally missed the boat . Did I really ?
 This book never should have made it into print past the eighteenth century . It has no sublety . Monty Python does a much better job of getting the point across without the typical French bitterness
 The book has a certain trivial entertainment value , but anyone who thinks that it stands as a serious philosophical critique of Leibniz 's `` possible worlds '' -LRB- as many have believed -RRB- , is , how can I put this delicately , a philosophical imbecile . Kurt G&ouml;del , humanity 's greatest logician , had it exactly right when he bluntly asked , `` Who ever became more intelligent by reading Voltaire 's writings ? '' People too dense or disinterested to follow Leibniz 's deliberations regarding the reciprocal entanglements of possibility , freedom -LRB- openness -RRB- , complexity and contingency -- which do not of logical necessity -LRB- or even logical implication -RRB- have anything whatever to do with Voltaire 's pedestrian concept of `` optimism '' -- wo n't have a clue as to what Voltaire is attempting to mock . And they wo n't be alone . If we suppose that Leibniz was Voltaire 's true target , then Voltaire apparently had no clue about that which Voltaire was attempting to mock.All of that may be , if only just slightly , too harsh . Voltaire -LRB- Franois-Marie Arouet -RRB- does n't actually claim to even know exactly what Leibniz 's philosophical treatment of ` possible worlds ' was ! While he mocks Leibniz by name , his treatise -LRB- if we may call this little catalog of misfortunes a treatise -RRB- assails a simple-minded caricature of Leibniz 's ` possible worlds , ' Voltaire merely batters a clownish straw man . Whatever Voltaire 's target or motivation , this is no work of serious philosophy , and yet , so long as you do n't irrationally expect anything of epistemological or general philosophical weight , this goofy little romp is modestly entertaining , and more memorable than more complex -LRB- and more rigorous -RRB- works which , unlike Candide , actually require critical thought . Perhaps one person has attempted Leibniz for every 5,000 that have enjoyed Voltaire 's fluffy sarcasms . For every 10,000 that have read Candide , perhaps one has grasped Leibniz 's ` possible worlds . ' That one knows what a strutting clown Voltaire was . Clowns can be fun , but should n't be taken very seriously as teachers of philosophy .
 Call me a philistine , but `` Candide '' did more to confuse than enlighten me . Yes , I know the story is deliberately far fetched , almost surreal , but it still failed to make an impact even when considering the work in this context . Absurdity can only travel so far.My sad but brief review is that `` Candide '' is less meaningful today that it was at the time of its writing . No , I have not found the meaning of life but nor has Voltaire .
 Timeliness , being crucial to any piece of social commentary , has stolen the best parts of `` Candide '' and hidden them away from the average modern reader . Voltaire 's humor , already delivered dryly , is lost to the same culprit , as is his sarcasm . Once stripped of those crucial elements `` Candide '' reads like the outline of a potentially great tale . But it can not be considered a story , too much is lacking . 1 . The tale is 90 % exposition . Rather than showing us dear Candide 's many wondrous travels , letting us come along , allowing us to feel the events unfolding , we are summarily told . 2 . Though the plot takes many turns , some of them clever , there is no art to the writing . We are simply , and again summarily , hurried from place to place , twist to twist . 3 . There is no character development . All we ever know of Candide is that he is naive , that he does not learn from his experience , and that he has some truly horrid luck . There is nothing to make us care about him , or any of the characters . At most we say , ` Oh , that 's too bad . ' But we say it without feeling or concern . 4 . Of the final 10 % , nine is dialogue . In this we get our only glimpse of Voltaire 's intelligence . But as pleasing as that is to see , it can not make up for the artless way he placed his words . Each character , regardless of upbringing or social standing , speaks in exactly the same manner as every other character , and I suspect that they all speak in a manner that was exactly as Voltaire may have spoken . The remaining 1 % is spent , poorly , on some very minimal scenes . He spends so little time on actual scenes , that it seems he must have considered them a great inconvenience . Voltaire gives us no more than is required , which is wonderful in any descriptive passage , including the setting of any scene , but it 's all done just as artlessly as the exposition and dialogue . The ending is good . There is a little moralizing , telling us to look to our own lives , but it 's done with subtlety . This is the one place Voltaire 's simple style pays off . This book is best suited to those of simple and undeveloped literary minds . Those who know anything about writing or good literature can find many better books , under and outside of the `` Classic '' umbrella .
 Candide may have been something in its day , but as a modern reader only marginally versed/interested in 18th century France , I found reading it to be rather dull . -LRB- Before I get comments about how I 'm stupid , I would like to point out that although I sometimes like to read classics for fun , my career and focus has always been in the sciences -RRB- Like other satires I 've read , Candide seemed heavy-handed and flat . The philosophy of optimism is silly ! Absurd things happen ! Cue another character who only stands for symbols and has no real personality!This is why I do n't read satire very often.I gave this two stars rather than one because I recognize that one may potentially get a chuckle out of the some of the ridiculous situations , and that someone more well acquainted with the particular philosophies may find Voltaire 's criticism more entertaining . And it only took one day to read , which I suppose is a mark in its favor as well .
 This book 's eponymous protagonist is a naive young man who was taught by his teacher , the philosopher Pangloss , that ours is the best possible world and that everything in it always happens for the best . According to Pangloss , misfortunes only ever visit us because they contribute in some way to the general good and `` the more private misfortunes there are , the more general good '' there is . Pangloss also dusts off the old chestnuts that all men were created equal and that all property should belong to everyone . Voltaire wrote this novella mainly to refute these ideas , which he attributed to Gottfried Leibniz.It was hard for me to get excited about this book-length refutation because I do n't know anyone who believes that everything in our world always occurs `` for the best '' . Most of us are aware of people who think that private property is evil and that all men were created equal , but unfortunately , those are not the parts of Pangloss 's thought that Voltaire spends most of his time refuting . He simply has Candide go through a long series of fantastically cruel misadventures , all just to prove to him that life is n't a piece of cake after all.At one point in the novella a character named `` the wise man of taste '' -LRB- oh , the subtlety ! -RRB- holds forth on literature . Among other things he says that a good writer should always strive for newness without being bizarre . Voltaire clearly failed his own test here - all of `` Candide '' is bizarre.While pretty violent , this book is not at all depressing . This is mostly because Voltaire seems completely uninterested in his characters ' inner lives . I ca n't imagine what a movie based on `` Candide '' would look like , in large part because a cartoon would be far more appropriate for it . After being hanged , raped and pierced with swords , the characters invariably dust themselves off to cheerfully continue their arguments about Leibniz 's ideas . Their emotional responses to being hanged and raped are n't any more realistic or thought-provoking than the physical ones.Voltaire made his naive , honest , idealistic protagonist German . After two and a half centuries that stereotype has n't really changed . Another one has though
 Candide is my favorite book , and I 've read it multiple times in boh french and english . This is by far the worst english translation I 've come across . It makes absolutely no attempt to preserve the grammatical structure of Voltaire 's original , and consequently much of the irony and wit is lost . Read Candide , but not this copy.The Signet edition is not bad .
 I disliked the book very strongly . If it was in new style english and brought out the meanings in plain words it would have been so much better.It took me reading somethings 4 or 5 times to understand its real meaning , and sometimes after that it still did n't make sense to me . I did find it weird how the story from way back at that time is really close to a lot of stories on the Jerry Springer show.To end my review you would like it if you were into old english literature , but thats just not for me .
 Granted my having read Candide in it ' a original French in a highschool French Lit . class may have something to do with my dislike of this novel . However , we read other books in that class that I loved -LRB- Une Si Longe Lettre for one -RRB- . I can only conlude that it is the book not the class that was so horrible . There are many things detestable about this novel so I will limit my critisicsm to only several aspects
 This is a french book . French books are , of course , often french , but this one is frencher than most . Ah , Pierrot ! Reading this fine french book makes me the sad clown of life . Could Voltaire be any frencher , you ask ? I doubt it . I am a sad clown , I say . Even when he criticizes the French he does so in a , how do you say , french way . Oui , oui ! So come , bring along your Jerry Lewis video tapes and we will read this very french book together . It is frencher than a Quebecer at a Steisand concert . Frencher than Little Richard at an amfAR banquet . Frencher than Richard Simmons at a french pride parade . Read Candide and you too can be a very french sad clown . Sacre Bleu !!!
 you call this literature ?!? I mean come on now , this is a little bit ridiculous . Who can really understand this ? Not only understand it but see where it might have anything to do with us and today 's society !
 Well , this had been on my list for some time . Maybe I expected too much ? I think it was probably just a bit above my taste , perhaps . I get that it is satire ... I get what is being satirized ... Maybe I was not in the right frame of mind and one day I will reread it.It is short and that is easily done .
 I bought this for my daughters history class and when she was writing her paper , we discovered that this copy had no publisher , no date of publication , and when she called the company , they had no further info . She had to explain this to her very to the book instructor . I really think it should not be sold . Next time I will look more carefully when I shop for other than text books
 I found the book itself to be interesting and entertaining , however I attempted to write a paper about it for school , but there is no publisher information or translator . I do not suggest this version of the book for students planning to use it in papers .
 This story was meant to be Jean Giono 's gift to the world , but the publishers took over to make money . There are certain places on the web where you can still access this wonderful story the way in which the author intended .
 Purchasers should be aware that this book is a miniature and its approximate size is 3 1/2 '' x 3 1/2 '' .
 A small band of children in Florida are trying to scrape up a living in a burnt out dead town . A plaugue -LRB- nuclear holocaust , diesease ... whatever -RRB- killed the adults on the planet which indirectly lead to the death of nearly all the children as well . These 7 children -LRB- the oldest being 17 -RRB- are fighting to make a living when a strange teenager -LRB- around 15 -RRB- appears on the doorstep.He calls himself `` the Anchorman '' and intices the children into a wild journey to find a man named `` President '' -LRB- kinda corny dontcha think ? -RRB- . The journey is laced with strange happenings and interesting appearences but has a killer cliffhanger at the end.This book could have been very good , but was far too wordy . It spent far too much time trying to make stories , rather than developing the characters and the plot . On the hole , a rather disappointing start to a series . This review is by a 15 year old avid reader ... who is definitely not impressed .
 This is the story of a group of children left to survive on their own after a virus -LRB- hence the series title `` fire-us '' - which is virus in baby-speak -RRB- has killed most of the human population.Some parts of the story are interesting . One of the older kids , Hunter , spends a great deal of time searching for food in old stores and houses . The dialogue between the kids , however , is tedious and boring . It is also very difficult to believe that children would end up acting the way the main characters do in this story.If you want to read really good survival stories , then try reading Philbrick 's Last Book in the Universe or Robert Swindells ' Brother in the Land .
 The Fire-Us trilogy is an entertaining post-apocalyptic thriller for those who are too young to remember the fears of nuclear annihilation that came to an end in the 1990 's . Unfortunately , in the final installment , the authors ' political biases become all to clear.For adult readers , this trilogy is an example of the kinds of evil allegations that our currend political Left is willing to spread about conservatives . If a conservative writer were to say such things about liberals he or she would be called a witch hunter , a McCarthyite , or worse . But so be it . The tale itself is entertaining enough on its own merits.THE KINDLING , opens in the town of Lazarus , Florida . We learn that five years earlier , a mysterious plague called Fire-Us had wiped out every adult on the planet . Although the plague did not harm children , most of them have died of neglect . But a hardy band of survivors in Lazarus boast that `` We 're still here ! '' The eldest of them would seem to have been only eight or nine when the plague struck . They have been so traumatized that they only have dim recollections of their First Mommies and First Daddies , and their First Names are only dim recollections . But they have survived by taking shelter in an empty house and by raiding abandoned stores in the town.We meet Teacher , with her holy scrapbook that records the history of the band and gives surprisingly good advice on the decisions of the band . There is Mommy , who attends to the needs of the younger children ; Teddy Bear , Baby , and Doll . Hunter and his brother , Action Figure do the hunting for the group.A stranger of dubious sanity who calls himself Angerman shows up and joins the group along with Bad Guy , a store mannequin that seems to be his alter ego . Soon afterwards , the group rescues Puppy and Kitty , a boy and girl who seem to be too young to have been born before Fire-Us -LRB- virus ? -RRB- . Puppy and Kitty can not talk , only bark and meow . Angerman persuades the group to seek out President to learn what happened in Fire-Us . They set out . As this installment ends , they reach and abandoned shopping mall and encounter the first adults they have seen in five years .
 I suspect if you 're a Garwood fan you will enjoy this novel . To me , her novels are all too similar . With Ransom , she takes the reader yet again into the highlands with a bit of mystery , adventure , clan-loyalty , and romance . Actually , the romance aspect is debatable b/c attraction is NOT romance as far as I 'm concerned.Garwood 's characters are all the same , she merely changes their names in each of her books . I 'm not saying they are dislikable , just redundant . Other reviewers boast this is Garwood 's best highlander romance ; if this is true , I am not interested in reading any others . It was n't awful , it was just the same old stuff .
 I have always liked Julie Garwood -LRB- until the Roses -RRB- . But this book is pretty lame . It has echoes of her past style , but is vastly inferior . The first few chapters were so confusing that I checked to see if pages were missing from my book . I tried hard to like it , but how many times can you read
 This was the first ever Julie Garwood book that I picked up , and so I did n't have anything to really compare it to . If you have never read any of the author 's books , you may like this one . Otherwise , you 'll find it dissapointing . It does n't hold a candle to The Secret or The Bride , as I found after I read those two . As far as characters go , I was left feeling unfulfilled . Brodick was a perfect supporting actor in The Secret , but here he does n't seem to carry his own . His dialogue is slow and there is little of it . I was left with the feeling that he was not very intelligent
 This book promotes everything that a woman should not be
 I read through the first 50 pages of this book , and I couldnt keep up with all the characters . I Did not read the first book `` The Secret '' , and maybe it would have been easier to keep up with if I had . Either way , it was just way too confusing .
 possibly the worst book I have ever read ... her history is not good-being English the term `` Pa will paddle my backside '' is not really something that a modern English person would say let alone someone supposedly born in the reign of King Richard . It just grated so badly that the rest of it left me cold , I love historical romances/fiction but please make some effort to get the time period even remotely correct !
 Good God ! This was the first book of Ms. Garwood I ever looked at and I swear it will be my last ! I ca n't believe something so shallow and unbelievably cheezy still gets published ! All the characters do is look at each other , sigh , rapidly hug and kiss and realize over and over and over that they are in love ... It was so tacky I could n't force myself to finish . This is housewife 's bliss ! All that 's missing is Fabio on the cover .
 My aunt persuaded me to read this book . I am not a big fan of Romance but I gave it a try . Did this book change my mind about this geanre ? No , not really . The characters seem very undeveloped - the author told us upfront what they thought and felt rather than letting them convey it through their actions . Brodick is very rude and primitive . All that comes to mind is that he talks `` gruffly '' - that word was used 98 times to describe him -LRB- and that is only where I bothered to count -RRB- . As for poor Gillian , she is just too irritating even to talk about . To wrap it all up -- NOT an interesting read . -LRB- Sorry Gulie Garwood . . -RRB-
 Pleasant reading material , but not in the same league as some of the other Julie Garwood books I have read . A good tale , but not much excitement .
 Gillian claimed to be Brodick 's bride to spark his curiousity . He tricked her into marriage to claim her heart . What Brodick did n't know was that in order to claim her heart , he had to give her his . He had to show her he cared.This is a truly heartstopping romance , one that I found I could n't put down . It 's about the brave , stubborn young Gillian who is the only key to finding King John 's beloved jeweled box , and the only key to the toughest Hilander Lord , Brodick Sinclair 's heart
 I waffled between giving the book one or two stars , but I ended up giving it two because I did n't absolutely hate it . However , I would not recommend this book to a friend if she asked me for a good read , which is a shame because I think the plot had a lot of potential . Jolly old England in the days of Robin Hood , sexy Scottish highlanders with delicious brogues , murder , long-lost sisters , and a beautiful heroine
 Seriously , 200 + thought this book deserved five stars ? This was my first Julie Garwood book and will be my last . I enjoy dialogue between characters , but seriously -- 10 pages of dialogue between the heroine and a six-year-old ? The characters were superficial and the amount of dialogue was way overkill . If they had n't told me the book was set in Scotland and they did n't frequently throw in the word `` Laird '' I would have had no idea . There was no culture , no historical authenticity ... I agree with another review that said it read like someone 's very first novel , and a bad one . I ventured outside of my normal genre of historical fiction and this is what I got . I 'm only giving it two stars because it was n't HORRIBLE , but definitely cliche and boring .
 I like Julie Garwood 's book , seriously , I do but this one is not her best . If she intends on making the heroine brave and all by constantly doing stupid things and not listening to her husband than can she at least make her more braver and stronger instead of getting slap around ? It just get me so angry that she goes through these stupid attempts just to injure herself and then have her husband comes along and save her from the stupid mess she gets herself into . Do we female seriously act stupid like that ? How can Julie Garwood write a heroine to be this stupid ? And how often can she forget that she 's mad at her husband for lying to her , breaking promises to her and hurting her feelings . Do we female often let everything slide so easily with just one kiss ? One touch ? Please !! I 'm quite disappointed . I feel as though all her heroines in all the other Highlander romance novels are quite the same way as this one too but at least with the others , Julie Garwood at least write them to have a little more pride than this heroine here in this book . What a disappointment . Check out Maya Banks highlaner series `` The McCabe '' . You 'll find it more enjoyable than this book . Sorry Julie , you disappoint me . I 'm ready to move on to another Author .
 This book would have been better if the couples were switched though to tell you the truth I do n't understand why Bridig was even in the book , she was extremely irritating . Brodick was also another irritating character , I mean like some kind of wild caveman . I Liked Gillian and Ramsey and think they would have made a better couple . This is her first book where I think she overwrote the male lead . This is the first book I 've read by JG that I was n't crazy about but Gillian , Ramsey , Ian and Judith made up for the shortcoming with this one .
 I was so enthralled with the book Ransom that I promptly went out and bought the audio book version for my commute . I 've purchased many abridged audio books , and though I understand the need for editing to fit the book on a specific number of tapes -- the story lines have always stayed true to the heart of the author 's book version . Not true for Ransom and I am terribly disappointed . The abridgement changes the context of the book . The time spent on describing the importance of Arianna 's box should have been spent on describing Gillian 's fear and pain . The importance of visiting the woman 's house to heal her arm is gone -- no mention of the attempt on her life . Even the discovering of the traitor -- changed , much to my disappointment . The actress reading for the audio book has a monotone through-out the tapes that does nothing to express the desire , fear , excitement or thrill that Ms. Garwood wrote in Ransom . Stick with the bound book version and stay away from the audio book .
 Written in an amateurish , stream of consciousness style , RANSOM reads like an author 's first attempt at a novel . The omniscient point of view , deployed arbitrarily , prohibits any sort of conflict or sense of immediacy . Pages and pages of inane dialogue also fail to create intrigue , plot development or chemistry between two-dimensional characters . And we 've met these nice , uninteresting people before -LRB- although Ms. Garwood `` tells not shows '' how arrogant , stubborn , brave , gorgeous etc. they all are . -RRB- Scores of needless , faceless characters are given names , a smokescreen for the lack of plot.The series of non-events , which fill three-fourths of this overlong book , creep toward a unsatisfying climax , though by the end the reader has forgotten where the story was heading and ceases to care.Try an active voice , Ms. Garwood . Give the heroine something to do besides be pretty , stubborn , and handle flesh wounds well . And more descriptions of settings and descriptions sprinkled throughout might have helped ; often the voices spoke from a void.Nothing is more wonderful than a historical romance where the hero and heroine conquer insurmountable odds to be together in love and a happy ending.Unfortunately in RANSOM , neither the characters nor story was up to it .
 I have n't read a Julie Garwood in 10 - 20 years . I did enjoy some ; Lion 's Lady , The Bride , and even `` The Secret . '' But , nothing has changed with her historical novels . Still flaky and almost child-like heroines . This was a long and ridicules story . Sorry Julie , I have out grown your historical novels . I still think she is a talented writer , her contemporary novels are not that bad . Sorry . -RRB- :
 I am very shocked to see so many reviews with five stars for this novel.It was bad , I mean real bad.Some one gave this to me several years ago , and I tried to read it then but it seemed so silly . I picked it up again thinking maybe I would change my mind -LRB- I have done that before -RRB- . It was just as silly as the first time but I bore with it for the most part though I will admit I did some scanning.Besides the main flat characters , the long juvenile plot , and the horrid dialogue -LRB- the women 's speech and thoughts are also juvenile -RRB- there is very little historical content . And it is over four hundred pages ! The time period of the book was supposedly around the 1200 's but very little in the book referenced that time period , facts or customs.It read like four hundred pages of romance clich&eacute; , but I suppose some people enjoy that style , and I am not knocking them . I just prefer a bit of substance when I read , and this book does not have any.Truth be told , romances can be a bit like fantasy . However I prefer mine with a touch of reality .
 The kindle version has a few pages out of order , which is incredibly frustrating . Luckily I have the print version and could figure out what was going on . I informed Amazon about it but do n't buy the digital version until it 's fixed .
 I have read a few of Julie 's books and generally liked most of them . Castles is one of my shelf keepers . Having said that , it seems like she is falling into the same pit as a lot of other writers who write historical as well as contemporary romances , using modern phrases in historical settings . There was way too much modern terms being thrown around in this book.Terms like `` letting you off the hook `` A big hulky highlander using a word like `` unseemly `` And a little boy who constantly uses the term . . `` know what ? `` All these and a bunch of others did n't seem to fit into the book.Also , the story of Brigid and Ramsey should have been a separate book . I feel completely unsatisfied with their story ... like eating a big slice of chocolate cake only to have it be dry and tasteless.The book dragged in a lot of places , and I found myself reading things that had already been explained over and over in the book previously . It is almost like she was repeating things to extend the book . I found myself skipping pages just to try and muddle through it.I really wish writers would stick to one genre . If you want to write historical romances , then just do that . If you want to write contemporary , then do that . There are very few writers out there who can do both .
 I have a weakness for Julie Garwood books , and repurchased this book in Kindle format after buying the original version many years ago . While there are a few formatting errors , there is also a gap in content starting at location 5869 . It appears there are several pages missing . Extremely annoying -- will be returning this book .
 I bought the new Kindle version of this book . Believe it or not , I just started reading Julie Garwood and have liked her work for the most part . I loved The Prize and The Bride . Lions Lady was okay . I did not like Ransom at all . The heroines both seemed weak to me and the heros were always in control and getting the better of the heroines . The heoines never stuck to their guns on any issue and there were several badly needed `` hero grovels '' scenes missing . Honestly , I did n't feel the love . Oh well . I 'm thinking of trying the Secret just to fill in Judith and Ian 's story , but I 'm not sure I 'm interested anymore .
 I was looking forward to reading another great book by Julie Garwood , what I got was a book that had flat characters and did n't make me feel anything the way her other books have . Maybe if I had n't read her other books and had n't expected so much of this new one I would have liked the book better . The bottom line is I am sick of all of her heriones getting lost and having no sense of direction . And if one more wrings her hands together I think I 'll scream ! Miss Garwood needs to start to give her heros and heriones new personalities and stop having them all share the same traits and act alike . The only reason I did not give it one star was because the story was there , but the characters were not .
 I was looking forward to reading another great book by Julie Garwood , what I got was a book that had flat characters and did n't make me feel anything the way her other books have . Maybe if I had n't read her other books and had n't expected so much of this new one I would have liked the book better . The bottom line is I am sick of all of her heriones getting lost and having no sense of direction . And if one more wrings her hands together I think I 'll scream ! Miss Garwood needs to start to give her heros and heriones new personalities and stop having them all share the same traits and act alike . The only reason I did not give it one star was because the story was there , but the characters were not .
 This book was harder for me to get through than most . I found it a little plodding and contrived . The historical content and language were poor - I prefer to read historical novels that at least attempt to keep with the language and characteristics of the time . This one did not . I found Gillian to be a little weak in just succumbing to Brodick 's wishes and getting caught or in trouble whenever she did n't . Some central characters , such as the little boys who were the initial start of some of the trouble and Gillian 's sister Christen , were not dealt with to my satisfaction . It is almost like they were created , then forgotten and then brought back again just so they could be wrapped up.While I wo n't say this is a bad book , it was somewhat disappointing . Be prepared to suspend your belief and get through some plodding moments and you can manage to enjoy this book for the most part . I just did n't after a while .
 I 've read three Julie Garwood novels which were similar
 Beware !!! No text to speech option . Amazon was wonderful and refunded the cost of the book . Amazon has great customer service . I have contacted the author and publisher to voice my option on this matter .
 In the chapter on Pets , Zahn lists `` euthanizing your companion '' as an option if `` Fido or Kitty will not take kindly - ever - to your baby . '' -LRB- p103 -RRB- This struck me as rather compassionless , especially for a book about parenting . She could have mentioned the possibility that some pet owners may have to find new homes for their companions , and left it at that .
 If you 've read anything else , do n't get this book . The information in here is SO general that it could be applied to just about anything . The book lists quick explanations of what will happen , but no information on how to respond to what you 'll experience . Additionally , there were frightening statements in this book letting me know the author was no expert on the subject of baby rearing . I was exasperated to read her thought that babies should usually be placed in the backseat of the car . I think that everyone knows that is the ONLY place to put a baby in the car . Though , I 'm afraid unknowledgeable people will read this book and think it 's ok to do such things as put a baby in the front seat of the car.If you 've read ANYTHING else , you do n't need this book . In fact , if you have n't read anything else , you still do n't need this book . Do n't waste your time or money .
 In the chapter on Pets , Zahn lists `` euthanizing your companion '' as an option if `` Fido or Kitty will not take kindly - ever - to your baby . '' -LRB- p103 -RRB- This struck me as rather compassionless , especially for a book about parenting . She could have mentioned the possibility that some pet owners may have to find new homes for their companions , and left it at that .
 Maybe a lot of people enjoy being addressed as though they 're just a little bit dumber than this 1st time Mother , but I did not . The author writes as though becoming a mother is akin to being left alone in the nuclear bomb assembly room without an employee handbook . As a first-timer I needed more specific information and less hand-holding from a fellow neophite . Keep looking if you want a book that will yield something useful when he 's crying frantically at 3:00 AM .
 Was a good book in it 's time but is out of date now.Don ' t waste your money . The up to date Black and Decker is probably great .
 As a child we lived in the Yakima Valley . Some summer afternoons my father would take me with him to buy vegetables from a Japanese farmer . My father , normally outgoing , was reserved and deferrential . Dad explained that the farmer before the war had been a successful engineer , but had lost everything when he was forced to go to `` the camp '' - a tragedy and great waste . I 've been haunted by that guiet farmer ever since , so it was with enthusiasm that I began Stubborn Twig , the story of a Japanese family 's American experience.Stubborn Twig is well researched and chock full of details about the Yasui family . Reading their story should be compelling . It 's not . It 's repetitious , tedious and a slow , difficult read . The last 50 pages , the third generation , is a mix of biography and sociologist psycho babble . So why read Stubborn Twig ? Because it 's an important story , an American story that has much to teach us , and one that should n't be forgotten .
 The subject matter is very interesting and the research was obviously thorough but reading it is another matter . I am afraid I just could n't keep making myself plow through it . It surprises me that this was the Oregon Reads selection . You would have to be a truly determined reader already to get through the endless detail and absence of warmth or color in the writing .
 When this book came out it garnered a lot of respect within the poker world . Even today his section on the standard deviation and it 's importance to poker players understanding how good or bad they can run just as a function of luck as well as `` non-self weighting poker ideas '' are still considered required reading by many players . . Unfortunately , much of the rest of the book is outdated and of little use to today 's players
 This book is not even worth reading , Mason Malmuth may have been a player in his day , but the game has passed him by a long time ago . This book could actually damage your poker game if you took the advice he gives . Nits no longer win in today 's aggressive game and that is a fact . Mason malmuth is a dinosaur who 's days are long gone .
 i buy this one with other four books on 11/12/2008 . i still do n't recieve this one now.but i have recieved other four books two weeks ago.by asking support why ? they let me wait untill January 13 , 2008 . this is weird.i am in china
 This was n't worth reading , sadly . The plot was pretty well thought out , but the dialogue and characters were really underdeveloped .
 The only reason this copy is 50 dollars cheaper than the other printing of `` Field Quantization '' is that the manufacturers screwed up the margins , and the inner margin is tiny . Text is obscured , and it is not really usable without great sacrifice.I 'm surprised Amazon even sells this copy . Do n't get had .
 Unfortunately , for this particular printing , I can not disregard the particulars of the ` physical quality ' of the book . -LRB- Normally I consider this to be barely worth a mention . -RRB- This is the sole origin of my rating , please appreciate this . The rating refers specifically to ISBN-10
 I am deeply disappointed and thoroughly frustrated with the perplexing and redundant complications of the book . It is true that the author , apart form being a very fertile textbook writer , has a very thorough approach when it comes to derivations and mathematical explanations . However , in doing this , he obscures the physics contained . The author insists on very thorough mathematical explanation without reference to intuition , making the topic more about mathematical derivations then physics . The mathematics is not complicated , it is just tedious . He does not leave anything to be done by the reader , turning the learning process into an effort of understanding how the author thinks and how he thinks you should understand the topic .
 This is definitely not Murdock 's best . Some of his books are excellent -LRB- eg. , 7 Laws You must Honor to Have Uncommon Success -RRB- and some of them appear to be just pamphlets taken out of the Biblical text designed more to raise funds than to inspire with original insight into the scriptures . This book is typical of that type . One would be better off just reading the original source than reading Murdock 's rehash in this one .
 Ordered this book and delivery been delay almost a month - Contact the seller and was told that the book was order from Europe and it will take up to certain days to arrive.The delivery service is poor -- I will avoid purchase materials from this seller . It appear to me that this seller is a broker and does not have the materials in stock . Book like this one -- I could go direct to Dr. Murdock 's website and will be ship within a week which I 've done before .
 My mother , who worked for Mike Murdock for about a year , passed away July 28 , 2005 . When I sent him a letter informing him that my mother had died he began to barrage me with all kinds of sales literature thanking me for writing him , with never a word of condolence . I sent him a second `` Personal and confidential '' letter and more of the same followed . In the second letter I asked him to stop mailing me but his mailing onslaught continues . Would Jesus conduct himself in this way?Upon checking Murdock out it seems he makes a lot of questionable claims and according to the IRS he does not give all the aid and help to other people that he claims he does.My mother had a bunch of his books , including this one , and when I started to go through them as I awaited Murdock 's responce , they seem to go over the same basic `` secrets '' over and over again , in different combinations . I can not recommend following someone who will not practice what he preaches !
 how can anyone with half a brain not see through this viper ? not only is this book a farce , just look at him on tv , CLUE > he does NOT EVER SMILE , he just peers into the tv like some WWE Wrestler.another clue , he and his `` brethren '' are all peeps in the south , they believe just about anything.Matt 3:7 But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees coming to his baptism , he said to them , `` Brood of vipers ! Who warned you to flee from the wrath to come?Matt 12:34 Brood of vipers ! How can you , being evil , speak good things ? For out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks.Matt 23:33 Serpents , brood of vipers ! How can you escape the condemnation of hell ?
 I was really interested in reading this book , honestly . But it is so poorly written that I gave up after 30 pages or so . I do n't care if it 's important stuff , true or whatever . If the writer ca n't get the job done of explaining it he should leave it to somebody else . It seems he just poured his notes from his journal on the paper in a chronological order , with no overall plan.I give it a second star for the subject matter . If it was for the telling I 'd want my money back .
 The biggest problem with Goni 's book is that most of what happened that allowed Nazi war criminals escape had nothing to do with any supposed conspiracies , and certainly the Vatican had zero knowledge that some of those thousands of refugees that they were helping escape from a destroyed Europehappened to be Nazi criminals . The Catholic Church certainly had at least onepriest -LRB- a Croation -RRB- helping the Nazis , but that priest was himself a war criminal , and hardly representative of his church . He was not consideredfavorably by the Pope , but the Pope certainly had no knowledge of what he wasup to . There was obviously no earthly reason why the Catholic Church would have wished to help escaped Nazis . To the extent that Goni falsely extends thebehavior of the priest to include the entire Church , he is dealing in slander , nothing less . What his motives are or whether he is simply incompetent I do n'tknow . But on the basis of this , I have to dismiss whatever else he claims as `` from an unreliable source '' and leave it at that . We need an independent secondsource - never believe one source when investigating history . There 's simply too much incompetence out there and too much of a desire to generate sales bywriting lurid tales . Anytime I hear anyone claim conspiracy , I automaticallybecome very skeptical .
 As a list of what carts were made , it 's ok . As a price guide this book is complete garbage . The prices it lists are guaranteed to get you laughed at and chased out of every video game store in America , if not the entire world .
 I am a huge gaming fan and I am also a collector of old games and related items . I was hoping this book would help determine some pricing on older games for when and if I purchase or sell somthing . I found this book to be just POOR . Its like someone created a list and put a cover on it . And the prices just dont come close in most cases to the actual prices you could get for the item . Now granted I am reviewing this book years after the purchase . So I can understand if the prices have changed . They change all of the time like the stock market . But this book was cheaply made to grab a few bucks off of people that have no where else to turn . -LRB- no other books out there for Video game collectors . If you want to determine the price of somthing you own or are looking at purchasing , you can get a bit more accurate of a price by just following sales on eBay . -LRB- That is of course if some of the rarist games even pop up on there . -RRB- Dont waste your time with this book . It just doesnt give you enough information to make it usefull . But it does make a pretty good coaster for my drinks . : -RRB-
 When on a dark , sinister night , a woman is found wandering around Paris ' 4th arrondissement suffering from amnesia . The story sounds somewhat controversial for the fact that it appears at first to be a simple case of a missing person turned up , but all of a sudden , the initials of the leading Chinese atomic scientist are found with tattoo on her buttock . This is just the starting point of a real tension-tensed and dramatic adventure of suspense and intrigue into the world of international espionage and shrewd illumination shrouded in a thrilling and fascinating breathtaking conclusion .
 Returned it . New Kindle . Could not get past screen to rate book to even open it to look at it !!!!! Also wanted me to link it to social networks . I do n't have anyy . Grrrrrr ... . so returned it . Have a new Kindle Touch . Would re-purchase it if someone can tell me how to get past all of that . Will purchase paper copy , I guess .
 ` A Paratrooper 's Panoramic View ' by Robert L. Wilson and Philip K. WilsonSubtitled
 I was extremely disappointed by Amazon . I needed this text book for a course and Amazon sent me the 2nd edition of the text ; which is the older version ; there is a 3rd edition out of this text.This is a terrible blunder by Amazon and it cost me undue stress and money since I now have to replace it with the newer edition , which I will purchase from my campus bookstore .
 I own the 9th edition of the title ; nevertheless , I feel compelled to warn readers of the following : Many math books come with a companion website , which should be available as long as the textbook is available for purchase somewhere . I mean , it 's only fair you get your money 's worth if the title includes a website . However , Prentice Hall decided to take down the companion websites of previous editions . I do n't know about the newer edition , their 11th as I write this review on August 2010 , but in the 9th edition , you 're stuck with no companion website , which contained valuable information.I had the fortune to download all I could that was available when the site was up , so i have the material , to an extent . Now Prentice Hall is sided with Pearson and other higher education providers , as they are calling them , to SELL you what was once offered for free . Bottom line , you ca n't find the free companion website anywhere anymore.Don ' t get me wrong , the book offers a much more straightforward approach than Waner and Costenoble 's Applied Calculus and other titles ; their sites are up to my knowledge as far back as the 2nd edition when they 're well into their fifth edition , as I write on August , 2010 ; but give me a break with the money making leeches at Prentice Hall and their said partners . I know education is expensive , but this outright sucks ass . At Pearson 's website , which eventually links you there when you type in their now inexistent companion website , you see this old lady teacher , as if it was so cute to sell you all the complimentary material starting at more than 20 bucks each up to more than 100 bucks for their latest cash machine . It makes me want to optimize a beat down to these sophists.Just beware of this practice from Prentice Hall , and if you are buying secondhand , ASK the seller whether or not the companion website is still up and running or check it out for yourself with the publisher , again , Prentice Hall.It 'd cost NOTHING for PH to leave the companion website up , but they had to get greedy , greedy , greedy ! Prentice did a real bad , bad thing .
 Can a book be both lucidly written , highly erudite and yet completely meaningless?It seems that it can . `` The Myth of the State '' by Neo-Kantian philosopher Ernst Cassirer is such a book . The positive reviewers were obviously taken in by Cassirer 's unusually lucid style of writing , and by his erudition , which is considerable.And yet , the book never really delivers . It 's supposed to be an analysis of the historic and philosophical roots of modern totalitarianism . Instead , it feels like a series of disjointed essays about pretty much everything . Subjects covered include the meaning and function of myth , the exact relationship between Carlyle and Goethe , whether or not Machiavelli really was Old Nicky , the Romantic criticism of the Enlightenment , the racism of Gobineau , and countless other subjects besides . However , Cassirer never manages to weave the strands together . Interestingly , he never mentions Marx , Lenin or Nietzsche , the usual whipping boys in books of this type.Apparently , the book is unfinished and was published posthumously . I do n't deny that it may contain this or that interesting reflection , but overall it feels like a non-starter . I suspect it 's mostly of interest to scholars of Neo-Kantianism . Curiously , Cassirer -LRB- or perhaps his publisher -RRB- also expected the American audience to understand Latin and German -LRB- ! -RRB- , since all Latin quotations and some German ones are untranslated.Unfortunately , I can not give `` The Myth of the State '' more than two stars .
 Dr. Sportelli has apparently made the decision to provide a very limited view of a chiropractors role . Chiropractic is not about back pain , it is concerned with the removal of interference to the nerve system , thereby allowing the body to function closer to its potential . Chiropractic has never been about `` LOW BACK PAIN '' -- it is this type of misconception which has permeated our society and continues to be spurred on by texts such as this . Dr. Sportelli graduated from Palmer College of Chiropractic in the 1950 's . He most certainly was not taught such nonsense at Palmer , for his pigeon-holed concept is not taught there , nor at any other good chiropractic college . Chiropractic recognizes and deals with the bodies inborn mechanisms . Dr. Sportelli 's book was quite a disappointment in this and other respects . My advice , pass this one by and talk to someone at a college such as Palmer , Sherman or Life College and get the facts .
 Bought this book along with Fodor 's 05 New York City Guide and New York Eyewitness Travel Guide for our trip to New York in August . Overall this was the least informative book . The biggest problem is that the book mainly focuses on where to eat and where to stay , not what to see . If you want a book that details sights better , I would pick Fodor 's 05 New York City Guide . I carried the book with me almost every day in New York , while the Frommer 's guide was left in the hotel room to press flowers from the botanical garden .
 If you -LRB- choose to -RRB- like reality therapy and choice theory , you 'll probably -LRB- choose to -RRB- love this book . It 's filled with clinical vignettes that reveal how to work with clients in a range of interpersonal issues from a reality therapy perspective.If I were any of the clients in this book , I would -LRB- choose to -RRB- throw something at this guy . One woman came in about not being able to get over an affair that her husband will not admit to having . Glasser 's `` solution '' ? `` Get over it . '' She says , `` but what do I do with all my painful feelings ? '' Glasser
 I got the impression that this author has actually read very few pieces of literature . He certainly should not be writing a book that anyone else may accidentally read . It 's really that bad !
 First off , my copy , Hudson House Publishers is a subsidy and self-publishing company . In old terminology , `` Vantage Press '' publishing . James paid to publish his novel . PARIS , WYOMING came as a gift as I generally do not purchase subsidy or self-published books or novels . Most do not exert `` tight '' editing and consist of numerous passive voice verbs and common writing errors . Secondly , I will finish this novel as my `` thank you '' to the one giving this gift . To complete reading PARIS , WYOMING , Wyoming will take forever . Lastly , whatever is the `` Wyoming Writers , Inc. ` New Horizons Award ' '' as Jim James is a recipient ?
 Sorry , I only read the first 35 or 40 pages . The recounting of legislative actions was too uninteresting . I am interested in tid-bits of human activity . So I put the book down , and will not waste my time with it . People like F.D. R. are boring , whereas the farmer and the housewife , working their way through life , make history .
 I was bored . I want real stories and examples . I read `` There are no Children here '' and loved it !!! I read somewhere that the author was inspired by this book , so I could n't wait to get it . My guess is this author is a liberal , and not objective . The information was boring and one sided . I would have probably liked it more if the time frame was more current . I want to know more about today , not the 60 's .
 At first , I thought this was a parody of a boring way-too-wholesome children 's book , but I was wrong . The sickening and soporific scenes keep stacking up into one giant sentimental sleeping pill . This is the same snooze-inducing drivel that has-been writing professors praise and perpetuate in the cookie-cutter MFA programs across the country .
 `` Schmaltzy and vacuous '' pretty much covers it , though one might also add that this novel consistently attempts to pass off conventional wisdom as insight and panders to the lowest literary common denominator while trying , through understatement , to pass itself off as art . Should sell a million copies -- look for it as Oprah 's next pick .
 I had to read `` Jim the Boy '' for my freshman english course summer reading and thought that it was a horrible choice . It had no substance and was too easy to read . Although some apparently disagree , not a good choice for anyone over four years old .
 Okay , At school I got this book order and the first book that popped in my mind was some book `` Jim the Boy '' Based on it 's discription I said , wow , I 'm going to read that . 2 weeks later I start on it and the real I bogger is the Prolude . MAN ! That was probably the best prolude I read . Then I started this book . I read it to the point -LRB- 2 chapters -RRB- that I thought HEY ! Some one pressed the stop button . Why in the heck is this book so slow , if it 's even moving . I tried finishing it but I just could n't . Jim the boy is not the type for me , and I 'm just and avarage ... year old . Maybe it could be great to you , so do n't let my opinion disapoint you . Hey , My little brother loves it . What I 'm trying to say is I did n't like it , -LRB- geez , what a waste of money -RRB-
 I am a mother of a 12 year old boy and I read to him at bedtime . I love reading his age-appropriate comming of age books because they 're free of the depraved activites , drugs and violence that saturate so much current adult fiction . This book seemed like it would be good for both of us but it was n't good for either . Although it does n't have the themes I find objectionable for young readers , it does n't have any meat , either . The books my son and I have read together that have been marketed as ` young reader ' books are much richer than this book , maybe because they consciously try to send a message or teach a life lesson . `` Holes '' by Louis Sachar and `` Bud , not Buddy '' are two recently read books that come to mind . Early had a few opportunities to turn events into substantial literary material but passed on them . This resulted in book that is little more than a string of unbelievable annecdotes.I recomend that adult readers try some of the Newbury Award-winning ` young readers ' literature if they want well-written , clean , interesting fiction . By the same token , I would receommed renting 1940 's and 50 's vdieos of movies rather than the current re-makes which muddy the plots with unnecessary sex and violence .
 Is our children learning ? They wo n't be , if we continue to force them to read this incredibly bad book . Basically , Jim the Boy is about Jim , some boring pre-adolescent who lives in North Carolina and does not have a father . Jim was raised in the West . The west of North Carolina . It 's pretty close to California . In more ways than Washington , D.C. is close to California . Thus , it is very difficult for Jim to put food on his family . This is an extremely boring premise , and the book sort of shoots itself in the foot with this purposeless setting . However , do not misunderestimate the author 's propensity to write a bad book
 After reading most of the reviews , I feel outnumbered thinking that this was an extremely flat tale of a boy growing up during the Great Depression . And without reading all the reviews and slight hints throughout the story , one might not even know it was the Great Depression , but rather think it 's just a small North Carolina farm town during any period in American History.I agree that at times , the story is told very poetically , especially in the descriptions of the beautiful rural environment . But the descriptions seem to fall short in creating the characters . Although the dialog definitely helps create Jim as well as his mother and Uncles ' , it seemed difficult to get to know the characters or feel any emotion toward them.This is a quick read for one who likes gentle stories , of times when life was simple . But for anyone , especially high school students , that might need a more engaging story , or one with dynamic characters to get them interested in the action of a novel , this is n't the most appropriate book .
 For some reason I thought this novel was for adults although in retrospect looking at the cover should have told me otherwise . Set in the South , North Carolina , it is the story of Jim who never knew his father . The guy died at 23 of a heart attack , and his widow remained faithful to him , never considering remarriage . However , Jim has the love and support of his three unmarried -- bachelor ? -- uncles . They live on a farm , and this is a sort of coming-of-age story . Quite possibly adolescents might like it . But it is a dull , dull read .
 This book was recommended to me by a co-worker . I often love to read the recommendations of others , but after this experience I will be more cautious ! This book was quite simply one of the more boring books I 've ever read . Its simple-minded prose irritated me to the point of distraction . I was grateful for the distraction though , because the prose itself was mind numbing . The chapters could just as well have been titled
 After reading Tony Earley 's story collection Here We Are in Paradise , I expected a clever and cleverly written first novel , not terribly deep but entertaining . Instead , Jim the Boy is a bland and episodic and schmaltzy tale that never rings true . The book tries so hard to be heartwarming and simple that only a child could take it at face value , and a child that knows nothing about life -- and certainly not life in the depression South . A startlingly unambitious and self-congratulatory book , filled with nostalgia for a place that never existed . I ca n't think of a supposedly literary book with less in it . The prose is supposed to be understated and poignant , but there 's nothing underneath it . Jim the Boy is the literary equivalent of The Emperor 's New Clothes , and makes the reader ask
 Jim the Boy is perhaps the worst book I have ever read , excepting The Man in the High Castle . When I unfortunately and forcedly -LRB- I had to read it for school -RRB- partook in reading this horrible novel , I was at first puzzled . Is this supposed to be making fun of bad books ? ... Jim the Boy portrays the depression-era South in an idealistic manner
 Jim the Boy is terribly overrated , with a cast of cardboard characters and a wooden tone . Apparently many critics do n't know how to distinguish between spare , basic prose and dumbed-down bad writing . The author is probably laughing his way to the bank , especially now that a sequel has been published . I 'll just let them fall all over themselves and take a pass . God forbid there should be a movie forthcoming .
 This is like my first try at writing - over-used plot , short chapters , small vocabulary , typical charachters . This book shows no writing skills whatsoever . Look at its title . `` Jim the Boy '' . Very original.Yet the dialogues freaked me out the most : '' ... '' Jim said '' ... '' Uncle Coran said '' ... '' said Jim '' ... '' Uncle Zeno said.The word `` said '' probably has the greatest number of synonyms , but Earley never used any other word.The plot is an `` oh so sweet '' typical plot that I have seen so many times . Nothing special . No twists to it . A plain , dull , stupid plot . Just another boy without a parent during Depression.I ca n't even say much about this book , because there 's NOTHING in it . If I did n't have to read this book for my school , I would never have read it beyong the 20th page .
 This novel might be OK for children , but for grown-ups it 's an overly idealized -LRB- to put it mildly -RRB- fantasy of depression-era Southern life . I kept expecting Andy and Opie to come walking in , carrying their fishing poles ; at least something funny might have happened , that way . But this earnest , plodding book about an unbelievably good world is actually kind of an insult to the way southern people really lived in the 1930s , black and white . What was the author thinking ?
 This book got great reviews when it first came out and the author was named to some fancy lists , but almost everyone I know considers it a big boondoggle . The gimmick is that Earley 's working from the conventions of the serious young-adult novel -LRB- the cover art and big , round typeface suggest this , but so does the reductive moral tone -RRB- ; the final product , however , is n't fresh enough to be more than an homage . Perhaps the difficulty is that Earley does n't try to do anything very ambitious with his source material . One subplot , about a widow who chooses loneliness over remarriage , seems far too psychobabblish for the period , but another , about a child with polio , works well enough.Yes , the prose is mostly lovely , and the short chapters are elliptical enough to invite contemplation , but the conclusions suggested tend toward the commonplace-true but obvious banalities such as `` childhood is a time of innocence '' and `` goodness is its own reward . '' So though the medium is more elegant than the sanctimonious novels we devoured as kids , the message about what you 'd get from a full season of `` Little House . '' And when Jim leaves his precious baseball glove in the lap of the sleeping polio boy , it 's time to chuck the whole gooey contraption out the window of the jalopy .
 After reading Tony Earley 's exciting stories in Here We Are in Paradise , I expected a much stronger first novel . In fact , Jim the Boy barely counts as a first adult novel . The book seems to have been written for younger children -LRB- its simplistic piety would insult teenage readers . -RRB- It 's sentimental to the extreme , giving us an idyllic depression South that never existed , comforting as it might feel to some readers . There 's no coherent storyline , just a string of events with no tension . The writing is supposed to be luminous and understated but is just painfully plain , with nothing under the surface . It 's the literary equivalent of the Emperor 's new clothes . A great disappointment .
 This is a pleasant , rather hokey coming-of-age tale that seems addressed to kids of 11 or 12 , not to grownups . I do n't understand why this is n't being marketed as a children 's book , as it really has little to hold an adult reader 's interest . The plot is very familiar and sentimental , and the writing is clear , uncluttered , and plain but not interesting in its own right . Buy it for your school-age son , but not for your father .
 The events of 9-11 are still unfolding 8 years later . Scientists from BYU and the University of Copenhagen have recently completed a well-researched and comprehensive analysis of nano-thermite found within numerous samples taken on and shortly after 9-11 . NIST only recently completed their investigation of Building 7 , and concluded that fire , alone , caused this 47-story building to freefall -LRB- in the exact same manner as an engineered implosion -RRB- at 5:20 pm on 9-11 . NIST refuses to analyze samples for explosive materials -LRB- even after the recent confirmation of presence at the scene of this horrific crime -RRB- . This book , like the media , does not include these uncomfortable facts ... but these facts must be known by every caring citizen of this Nation . Our future depends upon the public taking the time to educate themselves .
 This book has the best photos I have seen of the WTC disaster , and as I stood 400 ft. east of the North Tower for much of that morning , I feel I can make this claim with some justification . But I truly offended by the mindnumbing IDIOCY of the title ! `` America Remembers September 11 '' is the kind of title one invents for a book on Pearl Harbor , the Lusitania , or Pickett 's Charge ! It 's as if , despite the fact that the September 11 attacks happened less than 3 months before this book was published , we 're to treat these events as golden memories , buffered in nostalgia & already well integrated into our collective unconscious/national psyche
 I have been searching for a book on 9-11 to hand down to future generations of my family , and I thought that I could not go wrong with a book published by Life . However , after perusing through the book I ended up returning it . If you are interested only in what happened in New York City , this is a great book -- but the Pentagon and Pennsylvania incidents barely received a page or two of coverage . Since I live just a few miles from the Pentagon in Alexandria , Virginia and drive by the damaged side each day as I head toward Memorial Bridge to work , that is what I am interested in reading about . I am very disappointed that Life treated the Pentagon as a postscript .
 When compared to some of the other wonderful literature that is available for children , this book does n't have a leg to stand on . It was poorly written and rather boring . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If there is one good thing about this book , its that I borrowed it from a friend who had been unfortunate enough to be duped into buying it . This woman shows less skill than would be expected from the children she claims to be writing for . The writing is clumsy and inept , the concept boring . Save your time and money and find something written by an author with talent .
 This was written very poorly and it is not worth your time to buy or read.I wasted 6 days to get this book and then spent 5 minutes reading the book then it took no more than one minute to decide to return the book to get a refund.This story is a complete waste of time !
 This book is boring , terribly written and dryer than a year old cracker . Saying that J.K Rowling plagurised this is a sheer insult to a great writer . My advice to the writer is take a little more time to actually write a good book instead of tring to sue other people ! Seriously , I felt like a genuis trying to read Barney 's play time ! Take my advice and save some innocent tree in a forest somewhere , and do n't buy this book ! If you want to read this ridiculous excuse for a book visit a library !
 I heard the authors speak at an event and found them thoroughly engaging , which lead me to try to read Fearless Change , although I really ca n't find anything to recommend it.The `` patterns '' are , with a few exceptions , beyond obvious . Here are a few sections that would lose nothing if you reduced them to the title alone
 This is a concise version of the book but not the original book . Even i ca n't return it since there is no return policy . Accidentally i placed 2 books but i did n't find any option to cancel it . Even i tried contacting the sellers but no use .
 Never received item , vendor not very responsive or helpful via feedback - did not reply for days . Ended up cancelling order due to long delay between order date and vendor never providing proof of delivery . Ordered on 1/5 and cancelled 1/27/09 . I still have not received confirmation nor acknowledgement from vendor of the cancellation - I ended up disputing the charge . I will not order from this supplier again .
 I still have not recieved my book that I ordered 11-19 . I have filed a claim . I can not give an opinion about the book .
 I had to buy this book for a class and frankly it is not a good book . Lots of code errors that make it confusing . Every one of my classmates complained about the book . The professor eventually told us to not use the book and he gave handouts he had written instead .
 We were given this book for my programming class and the author is very long winded on every topic and a lot of times you read the topic and when finished you are more confused than when you started so you end up going to a different book for better understanding.The code for the projects are broken up into seperate chunks and he does n't always give you all of the code needed to make the program work or his code is wrong so you spend more time trying to find the problem and get it to work than learning the topic that the code is supposed to teach you.The index of the book tends to be off the majority of the time so when you need to look something up it will not be on the page that it says it 's on . I went to the publisher 's website for a page with the error corrections but they only correct a few items and I spotted a ton more in the book that I feel is critical to get the code to work.If you are really interested in learning Visual Basic 6 I would suggest going for a different book than this , this book is not worth the money .
 This book takes great pains to offer several different projects for a student to learn from . Unfortunately the main project , which is the most interesting , has several coding errors that hinder the project 's ability to run . I found myself spending more time trying to correct the coding errors than learning from the presented material.This was my first introduction to VB , and the first four chapters were very beneficial . Then I hit a wall , as coding errors prevented me from continuing with the project.Also , the associated trial software has a few glitches . Most notably , and most annoying , was the fact that the utility allowing a VB project to be saved as an EXE was unavailable , for whatever reason . I registered the product correctly , and was well within the 120 day trial period . This limited my ability to bring the project to work to examine it further.Finally , the web site for student help listed in the book was unavailable for the entire month of January . I gave up at the end of January.I do intend to keep this book as a reference tool , and look forward to finding the correct codes to make the entire project work when I learn more about VB . Until then , I will find a different book to utilize .
 THE BOOK COVERS A LOT OF STUFF AT ONCE IT SHOULD BE CALLED LEARNING TO PROGRAM THE HARD WAY DONT RECOMMEND FOR BEGINNERS MEABY JUST MEABY FOR ADVANCED PROFESSORS . . SORRY MY OPNION . . DONT RECOMMEND IT TO LEARN FROM IT AS FIST VB BOOK AND BY THE WAY THE AUTHOR HAS A LOT OF GREAT BOOKS THE FIRST ONE I THINK WAS BETTER
 If you enjoyed the rest of the series , stop and do n't read this book . Yes , you will be left wondering what happens to the rest of the swords , who is the Emperor , what happens to Mark and the rest , but live with the curiosity . This book goes beyond anticlimactic , it is just awful . The ending and the explanation of the Emperor is so ... I ca n't even find words for how disappointing it is.I 'm left wondering if Saberhagen did n't outgrow the series and quickly wrote Shieldbreaker 's story to bring the series to a close so he could move on to other endeavors . I can not believe that he actually thought that this ending would satisfy his readers.I can not stress enough how thoroughly disappointing and frustrating the ending of this book is . Saberhagen should personally apologize to everyone who read this book
 I 've been following this series all the way from its beginning with the Empire of the East series and I was extremely disappointed with the seemingly rushed way this one was written . Egad , what a goofy way to explain the Emperor figure . I was hoping for an intelligent tie in back to the Empire of the East premise , but ah well . The rest of the series is great .
 I bought all paperbacks from the first trio through last book and sat down and read them from beginning to end . I have to conclude that this story was the most disappointing of all of them . Unfortunately for me Sheildbreaker 's book was the reason why I force fed some of the other bad ones . This book in paticular is bizzare and inconsistent as far a as plot and environment with respect to the series . In summary , I did n't like the way the other swords played out and I thought the characters were neglected and unengaging . As far as I am concerned this series found a creative niche to add personality and intrigue to all the swords , quite uncommon for this genre surprisingly , however , the plots , stories , chararcters , ideas and action scenes fell well short of a great series let alone good stories . I am sorry , but I can not recommend this book -LRB- or series -RRB- to anyone . For what it is worth , Book 2 of swords was the best of them all . In some way , I wish the author could have a do-over with the swords concept . Great ideas , not so good implementation .
 I just finished a rereading of the entire Swords series , from The First Book of Swords , straight through to Shieldbreaker 's Story . I first read these books in high school , and was interested to see how everything would hold up.The answer
 I followed the Swords series when I was a kid in Jr High and later High School . The concept really is fantastic , one of the best premises I 've seen in a genre that generally recycles the same tired old Tolkeinesque tropes over & over . The execution is a bit uneven from book to book , but it almost always stays engaging and entertaining.This final offering , though , is a total disaster . With the exception of the first couple of chapters , the entire tale is a hastily delivered headlong rush to nowhere . Characters that have been mainstays of the previous ten books are dragged onto the stage for a couple of paragraphs for reaction quotes , engage in brief , pointless skirmishes , and then disappear again for several dozen pages.There really is no coherent plot thread to bind all this frantic action together . The entire story is a transparent exercise to both destroy all of the iconic , titular Swords and grope for a plausible connection to Saberhagen 's previous `` Empire of the East '' books.Fans of previous Swords books will find this a dull & prolonged anticlimax to an previously imaginative and often entertaining series .
 If you loved the series please , please do not read the last book it will leave you totally disappointed to say the least !
 I was totally enthralled by this entire series , even the Sherlock Holmes style story of Stonecutter but this ending was horrible . Took a perfectly good sword and sorcery series and turned it sci-fi . I 'll read sci-fi when I want that , I read this series for magic and swordplay . I 'd read the entire series again and simply leave this one out .
 I was all set to write a stinging review of the terrible book that killed this great series - but it would just echo what has already been written . And that ending - good grief Fred , what were you smoking ??? So , I am here just to slam this piece of garbage with 1 star .
 Most of the book was fine , but the end section was a poor conclusion to the book , and the series . -LRB- WARNING ! Specific plot details follow ! -RRB- Just so readers are forewarned , the Emperor is never explained , and he gives a strange quasi-religious statement about himself . Here it is , verbatim
 I had to get this book for my advanced calculus class . There are 3 issues I have with this book . First , that the material in any given chapter gives what is needed to work most , BUT NOT ALL , of the problems at the end of the given chapter . Second , having solutions to selected exercises is a good tool to have , and if an instructor disagrees , he or she can just assign problems that do n't have solutions given . Not all students would use those solutions , but it 's nice to have to verify one is on the right track . Third , the author does not explain things as clearly as other authors do . He -LRB- assuming Edward is male -RRB- could have explained things much better without adding a single word to the text . I find myself frequently referring to ` How To Prove It ' by Velleman , since Velleman explains things much better . In short , this book is not the worst I 've seen , and I would give this book 3 stars , were it not for the price .
 I ca n't believe this is the book my advanced calc 1 class used at university . They sold it to me for $ 114.50 + tax ! This is a deal here . This class was the hardest class I took for undergrad . The book was no help . I learned everything I knew from the teacher and from the Internet/study groups . I do like how organized the book is , but the information was impossible for me to learn from the book .
 As a math major , I am of course interested in the subject of Real Analysis . But I can not agree with the other reviews in that the book is very UNACCESSIBLE to undergraduates ! I have poured through the first 3 chapters until I almost have them memorized and the concepts are NOT CLEAR . Instead of explaining what is going on , the author rambles on about the `` beauty '' of his subject and how `` we '' as students should `` carefully '' digest the ideas . The examples and proofs are NOT clear and are NOTHING like the HW problems ! In fact the proofs are so incomplete , that proving them in the fashion that the author does , does not convince my professor ??? This book is a BIG waste of over $ 100 and a class that I might have enjoyed if the author could see outside of his ego and stop trying to show off to undergraduates who do not know the subject yet !
 When you are thinking about starting your own business , probably the last thing you need is this sort of fluffy advice to become `` mature '' , wear a suit , and heavily network . I was hoping for more solid information , like the virtues of incorporating rather than being a sole proprietor and other real concerns of a small business person . Plus the author 's `` voice '' really irritated me . There are * much * better books out there on this subject .
 I 'm very disappointed with this book . Very vague and broad examples and not a lot of the nuts and bolts of success . Jennifer Kushell is the self crowned princess of the young entrepreneurial spirit . She claims to have launched successfull business ventures but never elaborates anywhere in her books or websites and instead offers page after page of fluff and filler on how to get ahead . After wasting my time with this book and two of her other books , I 'd be skeptical of allowing her to run a lemonade stand . Please save your time and money . There are many better choices by PROVEN success stories . Multiple streams of Income by Robert Allen and How to Buy a Business
 Not very interesting or informative . Better to buy a year 's subscription to INC Magazine or Harvard 's Entrepreneur Book.There is very little new information provided here . In fact some , of the information is leads the reader astray from 1999-2000 issues -LRB- LLC 's , tax implications , true cashflow analysis -RRB-
 I ordered the edition from 2004 , but instead I received the 1984 edition . There is a reason that I ordered the newer edition . It is 25 years old !!!
 This book is written by a pro-Vatican 2 Liberal . If you 're not proud of being Catholic , please do n't ever apologize for being one.This constipated read looks to be written for mainstream Protestants and tries to explain commonly misunderstood Catholic doctrines with scriptural quotes and reason . To the author 's credit , he is able to succinctly explain Catholic doctrines concerning the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Communion of Saints . Sadly , however , at every turn of a new chapter , it looks like this author is ashamed of being Catholic ! He presents his points like a Liberal Universalist , making this book a painful read . Everything goes , everything that has a label of `` Christian '' being slapped on it seems to be OK as long as one hold to some vague notion of a faint belief in `` Jesus '' . Whatever `` Jesus '' this author wants to present , it sure does n't sound like the Jesus who founded the Catholic Church!Jesus did NOT command his disciples to become Bible peddlers or go out and write or print Bibles . Go read Galatians Chapter 1 . There is only ONE original `` Gospel '' , NOT 30,000 + competing `` gospels '' and interpretations of Christianity and divisive paths to salvation . There is only ONE visible Church that has existed for over 2000 years on this earthly planet that has stood the test of time , and that is the one and only Catholic Church . Prof. Alan seems to think otherwise with his Universalist attitude . Until Vatican 2 came about , the Church is defined plainly as the one and only Roman Catholic Church . No loose Liberal talk before Vatican 2 . Prof. Alan makes some good points but I wo n't recommend this book to a Protestant because the author presents the Catholic Faith in a self-defeating manner . He defeats himself by writing that the aim of ecumenism is not to covert another person . Too much loose , Liberal talk all throughout the book , typical of supporters of that Liberal Vatican 2 Council!Why write this book , Prof. Alan?Why should anyone become Catholic if one can be saved outside the Catholic Church?Why correct error if one can still be saved in error and live one 's life with false beliefs that do n't lead to the one and only Jesus who founded the Catholic Church ? Prof. Alan states that Jesuit priest Fr . Lenoard Feeney was `` excommunicated '' for holding the strict interpretation of `` No salvation outside the Church '' . This is inaccurate . Please check your facts with the St. Benedict Center , Professor Alan , as to the circumstances surrounding the case of Fr . Feeney . The Church has always held the strict interpretation of that dogma `` Extra ecclesiam nulla salus '' till the pro-Protestant , Liberal Vatican 2 Council officially fanned the smoke of satan into the Church , resulting in all the rampant confusion , liturgical abuses and scandals of all sorts in the Catholic Church today.To be Catholic is to be Christian.To be called Catholic is to be synonymously be called Christian.They 're one and the same.No Protestant existed before the 16th century.All non-Catholic positions and belief systems were never recognized as being Christian , before , during and after the Protestant Revolt in the 16th century.If you do n't know that , you do n't know your own history.Protestants may have hijacked the name of `` Christian '' in recent times to appear cool , but what kind of `` Jesus '' are they preaching ? Certainly not one who loves his own mother , certainly not one who can agree even with `` himself '' . Recommended reading : Radio Replies
 This book needs a serious revision . There are many current Catholic doctrines and practices that are not addressed -LRB- i.e. why no married priests in the midst of such a serious shortage ? -RRB- . I would not give this to a person considering becoming catholic or someone who has questions because current issues are not dealt with well .
 Catholic and Christian by Alan Schreck is not unlike those other books written by the other Roman Catholic apologists and contains the same identical biblical scripture twisting since the Council of Trent propagating the deliberate omission and evasion of key differences between the Holy Bible and the Catechism of the Roman Catholic Church.For example
 We 've all read 1984 , we 've all seen the movie , and we 've all used the term , `` Big Brother '' in our modern day society ; and it 's pretty clear that all of us have a good understanding of what a dystopia is.But I really wished I did n't because Zamyatin 's We would 've been a great read . However , it 's got some interesting concepts like the , `` Integral '' a giant ship the builders make so their society can use it to explore new worlds and colonize distant lands ; and everything in their society is constructed from glass so everyone sees all with the exception of sexual intercourse which is conducted behind a curtain . The story is well written , although it becomes a little frustrating when you 're reading d-503 's new found thoughts and sensations because his mind goes all over the place . The story is well structured , but towards the end the story becomes all too familiar with fans who take interests in dystopian sci-fi . But that 's the probelm ! Because of Orwell 's ' 84 , movies like Brazil and Kafka , and other dystopian novels this book becomes predictable and trite ! The only thing that kept me hooked was the technology and mathematics they used in the book-other than that it really did n't grab me.It 's not like this book is bad , do n't get me wrong , I just wished I read We first . But go pick up the book if you 're just getting into this genre and you 'll find yourself having a great time .
 I had more of a struggle plodding through this book than I have had with any book in years . I love dystopian novels -- I 've taught Brave New World , 1984 , and The Handmaid 's Tale in high school courses -- and science fiction in general . Having heard that We inspired both Huxley and Orwell , I knew I had to read it . But for some reason , reading it was an experience completely devoid of pleasure for me . Instead , I got increasingly frustrated at the ambiguous language and the narrator 's hopping from one topic to another . I do n't know if the translation is to blame , but the language of the novel seemed very disjointed to me . And I 've read translations of Dostoevsky , so I do n't think it 's just a difference in writing styles between Russian and English speakers . I came very close to giving up on reading it , but I have n't done that with a book in years , so I forced myself to finish it yesterday . Yes , it is clear that Zamyatin 's ideas are precursors for several aspects of 1984 and , to a lesser extent , Brave New World . But trust me
 I found that the stream-of-consciousness was difficult to read ; this was possibly due to translation.You can see the seeds of ideas which were better-explored by later literature , including 1984 , Brave new World , THX-1138 , and others , but they are poorly fleshed out in this novel . It only deserves points because it was before those others . At best it is a bland description of an impossible world
 We , for me , was not a good read . Perhaps if I was a mathematician and not have read the other dystopia books , Brave New World and 1984 , it would have been a fun book to read as other reviewers have stated . Perhaps this was a serious book , but it was not an entertaining book to read . The book was a can .
 the book is very boring for my taste but its essential for what you may have to study for the class .
 For all of you that like English History with a twist of mystery than you will love the novella , THE DAUGHTER OF TIME by Josephine Tey . This is a mystery novel that deals a lot with English History and Old Kings and stuff , whic is something that I just do n't mesh with . On a scale of one to ten I would have to rate this book a three . The reading was a bit hard , and I often found myself counting the pages until I was finished . Though I usually love mystery , this one was definitely a disappointment on countless levels . The book was written well and I think that if I had been a tad bit older and wiser on English History that I may have enjoyed it more . Overall I think that I would personally have to give the book two thumbs down .
 Actually , Tey would likely be pleased at me saying she is not a historian since , according to her , historians are `` silly '' -- among those many people with no common sense or psychological acuity and inability to reason properly . In this book , as in others by Tey , she shows herself to be a misanthrope -LRB- with a special emphasis on misogyny -RRB- . She 's a Tory who prefers people to know their place , and believes that sparing the rod spoils the child . She 's condescending and smug about her Inspector Alan Grant 's realization that Richard III ca n't have killed his nephews because -- first of all -- he does n't * look * like a murderer ... ! In this book , Grant is bedbound with a broken leg and , to entertain him when he ungraciously rejects the books given him , a friend brings him `` pictures of faces '' associated with some historical mystery . One of these is a portrait alleged to depict Richard III , and before he looks at the name Grant decides this is the face of some distinguished person , likely someone on the bench rather than in the dock -LRB- disturbingly , Tey appears to believe that anyone in the dock is a criminal -- no presumption of innocence for her -RRB- . So , Grant is quite surprised to find that his thoughtful , judicial person is actually Richard III , presumed murderer of his nephews -LRB- so-called the Princes in the Tower -RRB- . Puzzled , Grant spends hours wondering how he could be so wrong and soon delving into histories of the period to find out why . A reader might easily think that all this angst is more about Grant finding himself wrong in his -LRB- apparently infallible -RRB- ability to read faces , so a minor character asks Grant `` but surely you do n't believe in reading faces '' , and Grant assures him/us that no , he does n't -- but clearly he does , disclaimers to the contrary . This is really annoying for those who do n't believe in phrenology and who might find Grant 's / Tey 's crush on a picture and post hoc attempt to heroize its subject embarrassing.Grant 's actress friend Marta follows up the pictures with a `` woolly lamb '' -- an American lad called Brent Carradine who acts as Grant 's legs in undertaking research at places like the British Museum . When the lamb finds out discouraging evidence , e.g. that there were contemporary records of rumours that Richard had done away with the princes , Grant easily finds explanations pointing to his chosen villain , Henry VII , instead.This book has generally been praised as a unique detective novel , which it is -- just not a very good one , Actually , it is hardly detection at all , since few of the staples on which detectives rely is present . And it certainly is n't history either for the same reason.I listened to this book on Audible , and that was awful . Despite heroic efforts by the reader , Derek Jacobi , the book 's faults were highlighted -- especially Tey 's condescending attitude toward the lower classes -LRB- for instance , nurses -RRB- and the absurd dialogues between Carradine and Grant , in which Carradine typically reports evidence and Grant spins it to prove not only that Richard could n't have killed his nephews but would 've been one of England 's most enlightened kings . This is really ahistorical and goes further to support that Tey had a fangirl crush on Richard , and wrote this book to support it.I read this book in paperback a while back , and drew many of the same conclusions . I mean , whether you are a writer of detective stories or a historian it 's just going to sound ridiculous when you say that such-and-such an act was `` deeply silly '' , and `` Whatever he was , Richard was n't silly . '' Really ? Seriously ? That would n't go down well in a history paper * or * in the Old Bailey , I should imagine .
 Well written , but boring and containing bad conclusions . The whole story hinges on a laid-up detective thinking a painting of someone 's face makes him look innocent of murder . What !? Come on ! Give me Agatha Christie .
 This book 's strong point , as other readers have pointed out , is that it attacked what was then universally presumed & taught about Richard III 's role in the murders of his nephews . It is indeed instructive and illuminating to think about all the ways historians can blur , misrepresent , and misunderstand the facts in a case . My problem with it is that Tey herself displays an egregious , fervent bias toward all things monarchist-Protestant-English , to the point that as another reader noted , Thomas More is constantly referred to , sneeringly , as `` sainted '' -LRB- really , is Thomas More the villain we want to malign here ? -RRB- . Also , in the course of making her point about the fallibility of historians , she laboriously attacks various stories of Scottish and Irish rebellion against English tyranny as being factually untrue -- as if to say that because SOME such stories may not be historically accurate , ALL incidents of the English oppression of the Scots and Irish people are nothing more than scurrilous lies . -LRB- the implication being , `` Can you believe those stupid , inferior Scots & Micks we English have to put up with ? '' -RRB- Accordingly , she maintains a smug , disdainful , condescending attitude toward `` lower-class '' characters throughout the book -- not surprising considering the time it was written , but unpleasant to read nonetheless . Finally , her pro-Richard argument , while quite convincing , is put forth so repetitively that it 's like being hammered over the head -- okay , okay , WE GET IT already , Josephine ! Sheesh ! I 've never seen a detective character in a mystery novel who behaved in a less professional , detached , detective-like way . This is not so much a mystery as it is a fascinating but one-dimensional screed .
 I really ca n't even begin to understand why this book is written in the format it is written . It is supposed to be a mystery , yet the book in its entirity is a historical discussion . If this book were tweaked ever so slightly , you would find it in the non-fiction section of your local library . Instead , the author throws in poorly drawn-out characters to go along with the historical exploration.I consider myself to be fairly tolerant of the books I read , but this is absurd
 I found this book to be one of the most historically inacurate books on the Wars of the Roses ever written . Tey uses the shield of `` historical fiction '' and writes as a dabbler in the history of the period ; without a serious consideration of the key players . She maligns the good reputation of Sir Thomas More , and makes ridiculous assumptions about his motives that do not stand up to close academic scrutiny . In addition she bases her detectives entire investigation on a portrait that is totally unauthenticated . I found her dismissal of Historians offensive and her overall lack of scholarship depressing . Read this book if you must , but then go out and get Alison Weir 's `` The Princes in the Tower '' for a more accurate view of the period .
 The pro-Richard effluvium is getting rather overwhelming here , so for all of you who think this is actually a history book , I 'll recommend another book by a real scholar
 I had great difficulties through the years reading this book . After finally reading it from cover to cover , my opinion had not improved
 One of the blurbs on the cover said ` The Daughter of Time ' was the best mystery ever written . I seldom give up on a book but this is one that I discarded about a fourth of the way into.Save your money .
 The most overrated book in the mystery genre is this attempt to fuse the mystery genre with the history genre . The mixture does not work . And Tey 's conclusions are very out of date by now .
 I agree that if you 're a British history major you 'll really enjoy this book , but if you 're not I would n't suggest even trying it . I read this book last year , when I was in seventh grade , and it took me months to read despite the fact that it 's only a little over 100 pages long ! I mean , the entire thing takes place in a hospital bed ! If you 're interested in learning about British history , or if you have insomnia and need something soporific , dig in .
 Almost one-half way through this so-called mystery , I had to put it down . Perhaps you had to be British to care about whether Richard III killed his nephews . There seems to be more engaging historical mysteries . And what about the use of research as a device to tell a mystery tale ? It simply did not work . Perhaps she could have written a history book instead ? I did n't get it . Also , I doubt if I will read anything else by Tey .
 This book was a required summer reading book . It seemed like it took me the entire summer to finish it . It took a very long time to get through it , and I was confused at many times during the novel . Not recommended unless you 're up for a challenge .
 This book is the most boring book that I ever read . I mean , all we see is this guy who has a broken leg , and who 's trying to solve a mystery that occurs decades ago . What 's the point ?
 This hardcover edition of The Daughter of Time is expensive and cheaply done . There are many appalling typos , the most absurd being '' Henry VIP '' for Henry VII . It possibly constitutes a copyright violation , with no publisher or publishing date information . The front cover picture is of Edward III , not Richard III . An insult to Josephine Tey 's brilliant and well-written book . Read her book , just do n't buy this edition !
 This book has to be the worst book ... . other than Shakespeare ... . that i have ever read in my high school career . It goes on and on about a murder that really does n't matter and the guy does n't even get out of bed .
 This is one of the great books of all time , but do n't buy it right now on Kindle . The Kindle version is broken . If you buy it , you wo n't be able to sync it , or save notes or highlighting , or share , or access the dictionary . But that 's nothing . The biggest problem is that you 'd better like the Preface , because you 'll be seeing a lot of it . Everytime you leave Kindle and come back -LRB- or if your device times out or sleeps -RRB- , Kindle will totally forget where you were and instead will return you to the first page of the preface . There is absolutely no way to get it to remember where you were , as it does with all other Kindle books.Amazon is working on fixing this , but they claim to be unable to remove the Kindle version from the website while they 're working on it . So if you buy it , you 're just going to have to call customer service to get a refund -LRB- which they will definitely give you -RRB- . Worse , they wo n't tell you when it 's fixed ! The only way to find out , they say , is to keep buying it and keep calling for a refund if it has n't been fixed yet . When you do n't have to call for a refund , that 's how you 'll know it 's fixed . At least , that 's Amazon 's policy , they say.When it is fixed , I 'll post a revision to this review . Until then , Amazon deserves no stars and is seriously messing up . Grrrrrrr , Amazon ! :-LRB- :-LRB- : -LRB- But DO come back for the book . It may change your life as it changed mine when I read it decades ago . I had come back to buy it electronically to read it to my husband on a car trip . We were pretty unhappy , to say the least , but will look forward to picking up at some future time when Amazon 's technical team gets this fixed , as they 've promised they 'll do .
 The Egyptians -LRB- Ancient Peoples and Places -RRB- only as a reference on using pictures and drawings . It was almost as if Cyril did n't care to put any effort into the book , just slap down all the history he could find . He skipped over many things and put down basics . Yet it is a good guide for basic knowledge on monuments , kings , and a good place to find ancient cities of Egypt .
 The printed 5 volume set provides a fine supplementary lexicon for all students of the Biblical Hebrew and Aramaic . The volumes are finely bound , printed on acid-free paper -LRB- though not ANSI certified -RRB- . Each volume is smyth sewn.Much more asthetic than using a computer screen , the printed version allows you to view all 5 volumes at the same time , even without electricity ! Though it can not compare with the search power of the CD version . The main text is in a two column format and all of the fonts are easy to read.These volumes will become the standard Hebrew Bible lexicon . Unfortunately ! However they should be supplemented with other works because : -LRB- 1 -RRB- They do not show all of the needed etymologies , many entries display no etymological data . -LRB- Ernest Klein 's work is recommended here -RRB- . The data from North/West Semitics could be expanded , it is lacking in many entries . Hittite data seems deficient as well as some Sumerian data -- let 's face it , they are early influences on the Semitic languages . The Koehler-Baum . work only skims the surface when it comes to etymologies . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Many important works by evangelical scholars -LRB- such as S. P. Tregelles , Gleason , Archer , Kyle Yates , E. Young , Robert Dick Wilson , et al -RRB- were not even utilized . Too much emphasis was given to the popular works done by secular scholars . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Ugaritic , Phoenician , Arabic and other fonts -LRB- scripts -RRB- are simply transliterated . They should have been printed out in their original script . Transliteration tables could have also been included for the scholars who are not familiar with these languages , but accuracy can be jeopardized when the original scripts are just transliterated , and it takes time and effort to `` recompose '' them . Perhaps they were transliterated so that the digital search engines could be simplified . Poor trade off ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- Some important definitions are missing for some entries ! Thus other lexicons are needed . For example
 Wow , how bad does it get.It was a chore to read this book . It contains the most unlikely and implausible plot . The characters seemed to be conjured up and very unreal . Not interesting , not funny , not entertaining and it was really hard work to get through it.I droppped my copy in the trash bin when I finished reading it . There is no way I could ever read it again and I would n't want to inflict it on anyone else.I 've never felt this way about any other book . It was awful .
 Here 's my problem
 This book is really a very simplified version of the Seth ideas written down by Jane Roberts in her many books . The Seth books are much more detailed and profound , but for our fast-food society , this book is for those who do n't want to take the time to read the real thing .
 The other reviewers owe me the price of this book . They are either very gullible or relatives of the author.Thoughts have frequencies and travel faster than light.Need I say more ?
 I am an avid reader so when I had an assignment in my Psychology class I was excited to see what there was to offer on Erik Erikson . I read the reviews on this book and it was promising . I bought it from Amazon.com and it came quickly , quicker then it said it would . I got through the first chapter all right but then things just went downhill . It was boring , I found it not to be well written . I normally enjoy reading about his theories and studies but this was not a great book . I would not recommend this book .
 Whilst this edition/reprint includes the Charles Cotton supplement , the print quality is abominable . This is most evident when you look at the etchings and woodcuts . If you have seen the originals , they are crisp , clean and beautiful . In this book , they are little better than black smudges , with no fine detail visible . The tale in it 's completeness is one thing . The etchings and woodcuts should add a beauty and delight to the whole experience of reading and owning this book . This version , printed on poor quality paper , is a huge disappointment .
 My children have always loved sticker books and I have bought many many of them over my 20 plus years of parenting . I must stay this one , that I just bought for my son for his 8th birthday , has been the biggest disappointment in a sticker book that I can remember . Why ? Because for a sticker book to be fun for a child , the stickers need to be totally cut away from the border paper so that the child is n't ripping them in half trying to get them off the page . This book 's stickers are not die cut properly , and so after he ripped a few stickers , I had to cut around each of them to separate them from the border so he could use them . No fun for him , having ripped his first stickers , no fun for mom to have to cut out each sticker !! The book itself is big with lovely backround pictures to place the stickers on , but I rate it only 2 stars because the sticker quality must be there for a sticker book to be good for the child . Also , I found the stickers to be a bit `` thin '' ... for supposedly being a `` reusable '' sticker book -LRB- and we have rarely found in our vast sticker book experience that stickers actually are `` reusable '' -RRB- and the stick is n't as strong as I would like to see . A sticker on the first stick should not be curling up on the edges.I would recommend that this company put this book out in a new form . Long ago , I used to be able to buy my oldest daughter sticker books with vinyl stickers -LRB- like colorforms -RRB- that were great and lasted a long time and actually were reusable . And vinyl stickers are 100 % more durable than paper stickers ... so much thicker , hence no ripping ! If this Thomas book had vinyl stickers , it would be so nice ! So sadly , we wasted $ 7 on a book he will be able to use only once , and due to the thin , not-so-very-sticky stickers , the finished result is n't even very attractive at that . So I do not recommend it .
 This was very disappointing , we bought the Bob the Builder version for our 2 year old , and he had the same problems as the previous reviewer with stickers ripping . The reusability factor was also not there , after a 2 year old pulling them off and trying to reapply them just the first time , they were curling up at all the edges and not staying sticky . The other problem with this book is that the pages are non-contiguous posters , which means for him to use them as whole pictures , without pulling out 3 staples and then losing posters and stickers . All in all , I agree with the previous reviewer that this is a very poor book for little kiddos .
 The stickers are so flimsy as to not survive more than one use by a three year old .
 Jesse Stuart is a school teacher from Kentucky and should have stayed that way . This book seemed like an attempt to get attention in 1949 for his teaching skills . He my have been a good teacher but he was n't a good writer.The Thread That Runs So True never caught my attention . The book was dull and boring . The book was n't worth my $ 14.00 . Jesse Stuart gets too much in detail with his story . A lot of the time he is talking about his money troubles and give us acual estimates . The Chicago Sun my have said `` stuart 's joy for living illuminates every page . '' but I never saw that illumination . I would never recommend this book to anyone .
 After finishing The Thread That Runs So True by Jesse Stuart , I sit here to give you my review on this book . Even though the book did n't catch my attention that much it had its ups and downs . The only thing that caught my attention while reading this book was how he fought back against the `` man '' and got his job back , but then he stuck it to them at the end . As for the down points of the book it would have to be the rest of the book . I could not in a million years honestly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a book to read .
 I just finished reading this book . I too , am a teacher with many years of experience . I felt that Jesse Stuart spent the majority of his words glorifying his macho self image . Maybe , in his day , this was acceptable behavior for school personnel ... thank goodness we have evolved to a more tolerant , loving , and understanding mode of operating our schools .
 Although filled with photographs , this book contains no developmental histories of Saab aircrafts , engineers who designed the planes , technical specifications or performances except in passing references . Even the photograps were not particularly valuable , as they contain no cockpit or other interior shots . It 's just a hodge-podge collection of pictures , not an useful book for aviation enthusiasts or aircraft modellers .
 I wanted something a little more specific to the African American child in terms of race and self esteem considering the prejudice that my child will have to come to terms with.This book only offered one chapter on that and not a very insightful one .
 There were some fascinating facts included in this book for people like myself -LRB- non-mariners ! -RRB- who have never read Moby Dick . The code of `` drawing lots '' to see who will sacrifice themselves for the group ; the lives of whalers and life in Nantucket during the whaling times ; sperm whales as the source of energy -LRB- oil ! -RRB- before the time of oil wells ; the description of how a whale is parted out and the pecking order on a whaling ship.However . It took me three tries to read this book ; I had nearly given up and the only thing that made me persevere was the book had been loaned to me by a friend and I was loathe to NOT finish reading it . The beginning of the book does not capture one 's interest right away ... I kept falling asleep . Finally , 2 months later , I finished the book . Let 's just say that the book is not of the `` could not put it down '' variety , at least for me . But it did impart some interesting knowledge and provide food for thought.There were too many author opinions -LRB- regarding discrimination and fates of the blacks aboard the Essex -RRB- not to mention all the irrelevant information -LRB- the sperm whale that washed up on Nantucket in the late 1990 's -RRB- . That is why I believe it only deserves 2 stars .
 An excellent book that I thoroughly enjoyed . Bought the paperback for less than $ 3 , yet Amazon & the greedy publisher think I 'd be dumb enough to pay $ 13 for the Kindle ebook ??? Was thinking about buying a Kindle . After looking at the Kindle prices of most books still covered by copyright , though , I definitely will not . I can buy the REAL book for about the same price brand-new in most cases , and substantially cheaper if I buy a used copy . Besides a truly backward price , with a Kindle version I 'd also lose the ability to do any of the following
 If you want to be enthralled by the story of the Essex , go to the source -- any one of the printings of Essex first mate Owen Chase 's first-hand account in his `` Wreck of the Whaleship Essex '' . His narrative takes you on the ship and grips you with the terror these men must have felt , adrift at sea with little food or water.Philbrick 's retelling of the story does n't capture the detail as well as one who was actually there.However , if you 're looking for a history lesson on whaling , this one 's not bad .
 The book was alleged to be `` new '' but the cover showed considerable wear . I think it was probably read and then offered for sale as `` new '' .
 You ca n't tell is a great story when the story is real , here the writer tells us a real story and he writes things to compare the reality of that story with other stories , if you are writing a real story you do n't have to compare it with anything , just tell the story and that 's it.In the other hand your will read many times that it was a sunny day , then a rainy day , the a storm day , you just get tired of reading the same in all the chapters.In the main story you will learn that when happened a human tragedy , this tragedy is because were made several errors , not just one , and that was what happened to this crew.For ME , the last chapter is the epilogue and the epilogue does n't have to be written .
 Given its aim to inform , not just to tell a good story -LRB- in the style of Moby Dick -RRB- , the book has three fatal flaws
 Nathaniel Philbrick has written a research paper and had it published as a novel . The book has 302 pages , which includes 64 pages of notes , bibliography , acknowledgements and index.The story is interesting and worth the read , but one thing that struck me as odd in the authors referral to the black members of the ship 's crew as `` African Americans '' . Keep in mind that this story occurred in 1820 . I hardly think that the use of the politically correct term African American was even conceived at that time . The author also seems to want to build the case that because the black members of the crew were the first to die , that there may have been racial reasons for this to occur . He discusses the difference in body fat content between blacks and whites , and the closeness of the Nantucket Quakers , which may have accounted for the whites being treated differently while trying to survive at sea . The possibility of racism is raised a couple of times , but then quickly dismissed.I would recommend that unless you have a burning desire to read this book immediately , that you wait for the paper back edition . It is sure to be a better value .
 I ordered a hardcopy of this book and was sent a paperback . The seller did not even have a hardcopy in stock event though the item description explicitly said that it was a hardcopy . Had to send it back , waiting for refund - this is a hassle and I still do n't have what I wanted .
 ` In the Heart of the Sea ' is a classic story of sailors stranded at sea . However it does have some gruesome parts that classic stories like ` Moby Dick ' and ` Two Years before the Mast ' do n't have . For instance there is much death and cannibilism . The story is told by a narrattor and is about how the Nantucket whaleship , the Essex , is wrecked by a sperm whale and how they must survive in three whaleboats with built up sides . The story is true and what the book , Moby Dick , is based on.This book is very imformative but I did not like the way it was written and it dragged in many parts . I would not recomend this book .
 Personally I thought this book was dried out and boring . I had to read this book for my English class and I did not enjoy it . It seemed like it took 50 pages to tell about how the character was hungery . I am no expert in novels , but I have read plenty of more enjoyable and worthwhile books . On a good note , there was a lot of interesting facts on whaling , sailing , and survival . I probably enjoyed learning all the facts more than the storyline itself .
 For the raw beginner wishing to gain an insight into the various methods of gluing veneer using a variety of different adhesives and their accompanying techniques , this book more than adequately serves to address this function . However , the all-important minutiae of veneering are not touched upon in any respect . The art of veneering lies not so much in the methods of gluing , but in the laying-out and trimming , particularly where the edges are concerned . An examination of any piece of pre 20th century cabinetwork will bear out this conclusion
 This is Joseph Conrads first novel . It deals with the conflicts between native people -LRB- Malayans -RRB- and Dutch tradesmen in the jungle of Borneo . It has some brilliant passages , but all in all it 's a quite dull read .
 It 's been a number of years since I read this short work for my Pre-1900s British Novels class as an undergraduate , and while my memory is a little fuzzy on the details , my general impression of dislike and boredom is crystal clear . While I 'm sure there is complexity in the words , it 's hard to overlook the basic fact that almost nothing happens in this first of the sentimental novels.However , I can readily admit that it 's obviously at least somewhat preference given all the glowing reviews I have found . I like my books character driven . The kind of characters that I walk away feeling like I know them personally and am sad to part ways . While Yorick is the driving force , he lacked that depth.We followed it up with Evelina by Burney , which was far more enjoyable .
 Anybody who is interested in learning about the beauty of Sufism should not turn to this book . This book , in fact , does not examine anything of intellectual , spiritual , or social value as related to Sufism or Islam . I have come across many books written by so-called Sufi Masters , who expound upon the complexity of the universe with inspirational imagery . This is not one of them . While books in this genre easily turn into polemics , this one surely takes the unenlightened cake . The stream of consciousness writing style lacks purpose in this setting and appears to have been an ` easy way out ' of organizing a coherent book of ideology .
 This is old articles from her magazine and the advice was not very good . There are better books .
 John Rewald , you should be ashamed . $ 400 for a lousy 50 color plates -LRB- I live in Australia , and it sells for $ 650 -RRB- . If you 're going to put out a catalogue raisonne of an artist , you should have the majority of the works in color,no-one wants to look at b/w reproductions anymore.You just have to compare this with the magnificent catalogue raisonne 's on Rothko , Gauguin and Sargent , to see how this work falls short.A major dissappointment .
 There 's either never be the right info you 're looking for or there 's never enough !
 The Mayor of Casterbridge was a very interesting novel . In my opinion Hardy uses too much irony , and this kills the fun of the whole topic . It is true that every day is filled with irony , but it should n't be in somthing someone is reading . the novel also should n't be too predictable , I guess that 's why Hardy likes irony . If you are a reader who likes suspense and tragedy then this book is for you .
 The book itself is excellent . Thomas Hardy was a master writer , and look no further than the fact that he makes a story about a person that buys and sells corn interesting . But , the kindle edition is , like the title of the review says , missing a chunk of the text . There might be other parts omitted , but that 's the only one I 've caught.Perhaps this is evidence that you get what you pay for .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 This book is similar to a Dickens novel in that it seeks not to reach perfection , but to please its audience at the time . Like Dickens , it is very dry and filled with hard to believe coincidences that make the story hard to swallow . Still , Hardy paints a very lively , realistic and flowing impression of the English countryside in the early days , before the industrial revolution . I would recommend this only if you are obsessed with Hardy , if you have run out of books to read -LRB- try Fifth Business by Robertson Davies -RRB- or if you are forced to read this as a part of some course .
 The book is essentially a daytime soap opera . Except , none of the characters are likeable.My suggestion
 I began reading this novel since it has such a great reputation as being a `` classic . '' However , after reading well over a hundred pages , the book failed to keep my attention in the least bit . The plot is weak and pathetic , and the characters are too one-dimensional . Although it may pick up later , it certainly is not worth it .
 I read this book for a class , and I am sorry to say that it was a disappointment . It is a silly tale , and totally unrealistic . I can not believe that something like this could be considered a `` classic '' . Mike sure made some dumb choices , and it is unrealistic ! No one could make that many blunders . It was bogged down by unnecessary details , etc. . All-in-all , a 100 % waste . Do n't buy this book . You 've been warned .
 IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS BOOK , SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME AND WALK INTO ONCOMING TRAFFIC NOW ! I was forced to read this book for my english class . It was terrible ! Sure the plot line , and even some of the characterization was fine , but MY GOD THE DESCRIPTION goes on and on and on and on . Theres almost 4 pages dedicated to describing a building ! If I was given the choice between reading this book , or hitting myself in the head with it for the rest of my life , I would go with the hitting on the head one ... becuase i 'm sure its even less brain-numbing than Hardy 's writing .
 Even though it is free , and I appreciate that , there was about a chapter missing . I would suggest this either be fixed , or the book removed from sale .
 Luckily I have the physical book too so was able to read the missing bit . Suggest you try another kindle version .
 I read this book for my English exam and after reading it , I can not understand how it can be described as a classic novel . The only possible reason that I can come up with is that people in 19th century England , did not have things like T.V. and so were absolutely desperate for anything to entertain themselves . This is possibly the most boring book that I have ever read . Nothing happens ! I feel that a lot of people call this book a classic simply because some literary expert happened to like it once , and so these people , in a vain attempt to appear more intelligent than they are , simply churn out someone else 's opinion , without actually thinking of their own response to the novel . I do n't know how many copies of this book have been printed , but it is bound to be a large number , and all I can say is that it is a huge waste of paper which could have been put to better use elsewhere . I wish that I had not wasted some of my life reading this book .
 I have recently read this book -LRB- not out of choice -RRB- and I am at a loss to understand why Hardy wrote this and why anyone would willingly read this for `` fun '' . I agree wholeheartedly with the author of `` Classically Boring '' as this book is complete excrement . People are always going on about how we should stop cutting down the rainforest etc. and if this is what all those trees are turned into , then I 'm with them 100 % .
 This book was originally written to be printed in newspapers , newspapers were then used to wipe one 's posterior . I feel i have already said enough .
 Modern novels can be so pretentious , with their needless philosophizing and conscious experimentation with the language . So is n't nice to read a classic novel with straight-forward writing that aims for no insight into society or people ? Actually no , it 's kind of depressing . The Mayor of Casterbridge relies on coincidence , melodrama , and , as the afterword in my edition puts it , `` the constant exploitation of chance happenings to determine situation and hence the fate of his characters . '' I chose this Hardy novel because it was supposed to be character-centered . The story starts with Michael Henchard selling his wife and child at a fair . I thought this book would examine his redemption , it would be a Lord Jim type tale of profound psychological insight . A strange event like that is a good way to get a book started , but the crazy , unlikely events just keep a-coming . You feel nothing for the characters , ever . You learn nothing in the end , except life is cruel and if something can go wrong , it will . Read something else .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' ought to be the model of what a classic is not . Books deemed as a `` classic '' are said to be everlasting and universal in its message . This book does not spread its wings into our era , and it does not apply to everyone in some way , unless you 've experienced paternity uncertainty and emotional neglect . The characters are rigid , changing without reason , and lacking practical emotions . Michael Henchard is repulsive from the start , from when he sells his wife and child , to his emotional withdrawal towards the young woman who turned out to be his non-biological daughter , to hiding the truth of who her father actually was to Elizabeth-Jane , so one can not pity his outcome . Elizabeth-Jane , the non-biological daughter of Henchard , was completely void of personality . `` Blas&eacute; '' has more personality than Elizabeth-Jane . After a tennis match type life , of being flung back and forth between fathers , to marrying Donald Farfrae who one day courted her , married another woman -LRB- who just happened to be the landlord of the house Elizabeth-Jane was living at , at the time -RRB- , and then realized his affection for her , Elizabeth-Jane would 've been a prime candidate for therapy -LRB- how could she give her heart to men who kept being introduced as her father ? -RRB- , but instead acted as if she was a spokesperson normalcy . Finally , Donald Farfrae , a Scotsman , who was the poster boy for blandness , never really showed growth . He was always monotone , and I could not tell if he found Elizabeth-Jane 's biological father to scorn Henchard , or truly help Elizabeth-Jane find the truth . I felt naught for the characters but purposelessness , and the story itself was uncreative and improbable . I do no recommend .
 I recently had to read this book as part of my English GCSE and I can honestly say that much paper has been wasted and our trees are being destroyed to churn out a book , which is quite frankly absolutly awfull . I also am very glad that I was not around to ever meet Thomas Hardy as from this book it sounds to me that he may well of been a manic depresent , also in most , if not all , of his other books they all end in a very sad a depressing way . Hardy describes Henchard as ` dogged ' and i feel if you want to read this you too will have to be dogged and determind to start and finish this book .
 There is already a book very similar to this one about a dog 's adventure in Paris . Findley took credit , with the true author 's approval however , for this book that John Demires actually entirely wrote . The book was indeed entertaining and it gave a good overview of many of New Orleans ' novel attractions .
 I would like this `` author '' to please re-write the bible as he is the self appointed enlightened one . We all need to re-invent christianity , and doctrinal truths as he would have everyone believe the bible is not worth the paper it is written on . I am not a fan of mega churches . I am not for man made religious rituals that replace the teachings of our Lord , Jesus the Christ . However , this is simply the same message that has been biting back against truth for centuries . The bible is not true , Jesus did not do or say what the bible says he did . Hmm , reminds me of the serpent in Genesis . God is a liar according to him .
 Beware of false prophets and lies that are close enough to the truth that they deceive you . There may be some worthwhile words in this , as there will be in almost anything any one of us would write , but there are also many misrepresentations.Reverend doctor - from the Universal Life Church in Modesto , California ... go search Google and see for yourself.You can be ordained for free , and call yourself reverend with no seminary degree , no studying , no background of any kind , and no ordination council . Just fill out the online `` please ordain me '' form , and within 24 hours , you will receive an email that you have been ordained . Then browse to their web site , and you too can pick up a Doctor of Divinity `` degree '' for just $ 29.95 , as well as a Doctor of Biblical Studies for just $ 59.95 . Do n't just take my word for it , go look for yourself , browse to ulc dot net , click ULC Store and look at the `` degrees '' for yourself , or bit.ly / 14gRgwReally people ? You would trust somebody who has acquired `` doctoral degrees '' that are absolutely not authentic , not accredited ? Would you go to a medical doctor who listed degrees that were not genuine ? Would you trust your life with that ? If you would , go ahead , it 's your life .
 There are many logical fallacies that befall people , but perhaps one of the most glaring is the argument from silence . At best , an argument from silence could provide circumstantial evidence . But as a requirement for PROOF , an argument from silence falls notoriously short and is labeled by logisticians as a logical fallacy.Unfortunately the majority of this books PROOFS are nothing more than arguments from silence . To further understand this egregious error imagine that you have read 4 biographies about John F. Kennedy.Three out of the four books mention that JFK received a Purple Heart.Two out of those three mention that he was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps medal.The fourth writer failed to mention either the Purple Heart or the Navy and Marine crops medal . But what can we put forward from this omission by the writer ? Are any of these statements below a PROOF ? 1 . The fourth writer never knew about these medals .2 . The fourth writer , by not telling you about these medals , actually knew that JFK never received them and the others are lying .3 . The fourth writer did not know JFK and only got his information as hearsay.In each case the answer is a resounding NO . If I were to posit any of the following arguing it was a PROFF it would be a logical fallacy . But this is precisely what this book has done in almost every case.For example in Chapter five the book shows that 3 out of the 4 gospels have a story about Satan tempting Jesus in the wilderness . However , the fact is John 's gospel does NOT record this . So what does the author make of John 's gospel being silent on the temptation of Jesus ? `` So if John , knowing who Jesus was -LRB- based on his Gospel -RRB- did not mention the temptation , then it stands to reason that it never took place . '' -LSB- Direct quote from page 61 of the book . -RSB- No , No , NO , NOOOOO , -LRB- banging my head against the table in despair -RRB- . If all four gospels or in all four autobiographies of JFK were identical what would the reader think . Either massive collusion on the authors parts or they were purposely faked . Come on , each person when writing a biography is going to include parts that they feel are germane to their goals of an author and to their intended readership.Historians -LRB- Christian , Secular and critical or liberal -RRB- ALL agree that John was the last of the four gospel to be written . Much like a writer of the fourth JFK biography he will have reviewed the other manuscripts and try to add new insights or details that were left out . It would not make sense to write a duplicate of the other biographies , it is only logical to assume that John would NOT copy every story.The book makes other huge errors as well . In trying to show that the bible has been tampered with the author brings up Matthew 6:9 -13 and tells us with great fanfare that the very end of the verse 13 can not be found in the earliest transcripts . The point in questions reads `` For yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever . Amen . `` The author then posits the following `` If such a small and seemingly harmless change can take place and go unnoticed -LRB- or worse , be ignored -RRB- , what more critical passages may have been deliberately added , altered or even prevented from appearing in the bible we have today . '' -LRB- 14 -RRB- Wow , the start of a great conspiracy theory . The only problem with this is that I started checking different bible versions . The first two I looked at -LRB- NIV , ESV -RRB- did not have the phrase that was added later . As a matter of fact they both had a footnote at the end of the verse and then at the bottom of the page very explicitly stated that the end was only found in later manuscripts and was not found in earliest manuscripts.Even in the two versions that had the verse included there was a footnote that said the same thing.To those who have not done much research on this issue , I can assure you that all late editions are clearly marked and well known . For the author to imagine that this has gone `` unnoticed -LRB- or worse , be ignored -RRB- '' is pure hyperbole playing on the uneducated in this manner.I could go on and on , but there are better books out there for enlightenment.In response to Linda : My review was specifically targeted at the major logical error that is repeated throughout the book . I stated this very clearly . My main point was not to argue each and every inaccuracy but to show a pattern that is extant throughout the book.For example you yourself fall into the trap that the author has done . You write the following : -LSB- The author then uses John 1 29-39 to prove his point by showing that the temptation time line in the synoptic gospels of Matthew , Mark and Luke do n't work based on John 's account of Jesus entering his ministry . The author ends his chapter with the following : `` Did you note from John 's account that Jesus was baptized on one day , and then John the Baptist sees Jesus the very next day-even sending two of his own apostles to follow Christ and to be with Him from that time on ? It is here the `` Temptation '' Scriptures most contradict themselves
 Written by annee mchughes , one who trusts the gospels to be the inspired , inerrant works of God documented through men of His election.MEN outside Biblical Chrisianity love to elevate themselves to positions of authority and tell others how it is but in so doing one ought to use extreme caution . The fall backwards is a toasty road indeed and God will have no mercy on one who leads any of His people astray.To any TEMPTED to listen to this false teacher 's nonsense , be forewarned , without full knowledge of Scripture imparted by the Holy Spirit in God 's power through faith in Christ Jesus , you may find agreement in words that might damn you for eternity . Consider carefully before taking that broad path.To those who need PROOF to believe , there are museums and volumes filled with archaeological/historical evidence . If you were really looking for hard evidence you 'd already be a believer . Faith is believing in that which is not seen , knowing a thing is real by spiritual or invisible evidence . I do n't see air but I breath si I know it 's there and gives me life . Water , with no particulate is also invisible . Yet if I breathe it in I will die . Gravity is unseen but we do n't rise to the heavens . I believe in the GOD I do n't see because I have experienced Him in many ways . I have a real relationship with Christ Jesus through His Holy Spirit . That is something the author of this book of lies can not understand without trusting the truth of Jesus words When He said as quoted by John in 14:6 I AM the way the Truth and the Life and no one comes to the Father except through Me .
 Rev. Teel starts out by telling how he was first a believer , then an agnostic , then an atheist , and finally a true believer , but neglects to say what convinced him in each of those instances . If belief , not reason -LRB- as it appears -RRB- , were behind these conversions , then the premise for this book is reduced in importance and effectiveness . For me , one belief is as good as another . I 'd like to hear from a writer convinced by reason and recognized facts , not belief -LRB- s -RRB- .
 It 's intriguing
 It was free so out of curiosity I downloaded it only to realize it 's a waste of my time to even read this nonsense !
 If you are a Christian , do n't spoil your money with this book . I tried to search the credentials of the so called `` reverend '' but only in the book I could find his true identification . The book tells the same known stories of the apocripha and is full of lies and misconceptions . I do n't recommend it and I already deleted it from the memory of my computer . Since I bought the eletronic edition nobody else will grab the remains .
 Matt 7:15 `` Beware of false prophets , who come to you in sheep 's clothing , but inwardly they are ravenous wolves.NKJVThis verse says it all ! First of all , this man advertises himself as a `` reverend '' when in fact that word is only fit to describe our one and only true God . That word is only used one time in the entire Bible , and it is used to describe our Lord . This word is an inappropriate title for any human , since we could never live up to its true meaning.As for Mr. Teel 's book . Instead of relying on faith , which is the basis of our teachings , Mr. Teel resorts to quoting authors of works of fiction to disprove parts of the Bible he does n't like . Mr. Teel goes on to make bold statements about the Bible not being accurate . If you 're thinking you feel the same way and would like to see proof , do n't buy this book because there is nothing here but opinion .2 Tim 3:16 -17 All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching , rebuking , correcting and training in righteousness , NIVThat means ALL scripture is God-breathed ! That does n't mean the parts you like were the inspired Word of God , that means ALL of it is!Mr . Teel goes on to make wild statements about Jesus killing a kid when he was young and then resurrecting him after feeling bad about it . The reader is also told that Jesus was just like you and me , and he was married with children . The reader is also told that Jesus had the same purpose in life as any other person does.The author could n't be more incorrect . Jesus ' life was devoted to teaching God 's Word and to ultimately die for all of our sins ! He even died for the people who do n't yet know Him.If you are knowledgeable in the Bible at all , you will easily be able to sift through the garbage in this book . But if you are very new in your faith journey , please be aware that not everyone who says they come with God 's Word actually does that . Unfortunately , many people are so driven by money and other worldly things that they will do ANYTHING to make a buck . Even speak blasphemy about God!Once I am done laughing at this author and his trash , his book will go straight into the garbage wher it belongs!Not recommended to anyone !
 Bought this for my aging father-in-law , he could n't read it , said it was too complicated , and he already knew how to play pinochle so this book was pretty much a bomb . Do n't waste your money .
 The first chapter is
 I love Chekhov ; this review has nothing to do with the value of his writing . It 's with the Dover Thrift Edition . Two-thirds of the way through the book , around p. 72 or so , Chekhov ends and `` Kubla Khan '' or some other random poem begins -LRB- I do n't have the book here with me and I 've forgotten the poem by now -RRB- . It 's bizarre . I 'm missing three stories and the end of a fourth . I 'm sure this is just a freak mistake and most other copies wo n't have this flaw , but this particular book was n't quite as useful to me as I had hoped . Unless I want to read `` Kubla Khan . ''
 This book has a good story because it is filled with mystery and suspense , about a black man who was mistakenly blamed for killing a white man , but ... it is very hard to enjoy the suspense when you are trying to figure out what a passage -LRB- more like an extremely long sentence -RRB- mean . Warning
 I read this on my own and have read other works by Faulkner , so I 'm not just some innocent student.On the positive
 Why is Faulkner considered a classic writer . Who sets the standards ? Intruder in the Dust is a prime example on how to fail English Comp 101 . His run on sentences are dull , unispiring , and two pages long . It 's exhausting ! If you want to read long sentences , read Kerouac . Ditch Faulkner !!
 As a sophomore in high school nearly 10 years ago , I had a terrible experience with this book . The plot was confusing and complicated by tough vocabulary and grammar . In the version I had borrowed from the school , the `` long sentence '' was -LRB- I 'm pretty sure -RRB- around 7 pages -LRB- 5x7 size pages -RRB- . Recently , I tried to pick it up again , convinced by my wife , who had liked reading Faulkner . I found it only slightly easier , with no real improvement . I believe that the problem stems from something that Douglas Adams had once said
 My 14 y/o daughter was given this title as a summary reading assignment for freshman English . I picked up the book and thought that I would read it before her so we could talk about it . I 'm a 50 y/o very well-educated man who spends at least an hour a day reading . This book is INCOMPREHENSIBLE and I could n't get past the first 5 pages much less understand what I actually read.Trying to read this book is like trying to read a book while the lights go on and off , being sprayed with water , while your chair spins around and around with someone screaming obscenities in your ear . It 's not worth the effort or time.There is a reason for `` rules '' in writing , speech , etc. that have evolved over a million years . Human beings are only capable of grasping 3-5 `` chunks '' of information at a time . The stream of consciousness , rambling on with sentences a half a page long , bad grammar displayed in this book violate every principle of human communication and can only be considered a `` style '' by those who think the emperor wears beautiful clothes when in fact he wears none .
 Reading this book was a tremendous pain in the *** . The mystery and plot could have been greatly enthralling if I had n't spent so much time trying to unwind Faulkner 's sentences . Not only were the sentences long and complex , there were so many rambling thoughts between the action that I missed the thought and the action . I think Faulkner had a profound statement to say about social injustice and the South 's part , but he certainly did n't say it in any way I could have understood it .
 I hated this book . William Faulkner has to be the poorest excuse for a writer that ever lived . I got so tired of his pages long sentences and parentheticals within parentheticals within sentences within parentheticals -LRB- I wish I were making this up -RRB- . To make matters worse , sometimes his parentheticals were so long , I forgot what preceded it ! And let 's not forget his made-up words -LRB- uninsatiable ? ever hear of a dictionary , Will ? IT 'S NOT IN THERE ! -RRB- This book bites , HARD . And let 's face it , if he were alive today , no way would anyone with a brain publish this garbage . At least not without some serious editing .
 This story is one of the most difficult stories I have read thus far . I am supposed to summarize the story for an English Majors course ; but because the sentences are so long and tangled , I keep losing track of which character is being talked about . I have read and reread the story , but still have difficulty summarizing the story . The excruciatingly long paragraphs are what makes it so difficult to follow . Use caution when reading this story .
 Bad book overall , only interesting about the themes of discrimination
 Wow I have only read part of this book and it is now an all time low for me ! I really do not like William Faulkner and unless you have to read this book DO N'T !!!!
 One of the most boring books I have ever read . This books jumps around and makes it difficult to read . Also , The Overall story is boring . If you want a book to put you to sleep , look no further .
 I am going to be a freshmen in high school . This book was on my summer reading list and as I began to read it it 's flow totally lost ME IN THE DUST !!! I am not stupid , in fact I am in the top 99 percentile of all kids in my grade across the U.S. . After having to write down all the characters and list their traits i believe that I can grasp a few chunks of this novel . O well.Yeah , just do n't even try this book .
 I 've read some Faulkner now , some required , most voluntarily , and still have yet to figure out what the fuss is about . Yes he can weave a story , but good grief , imagine the ego of a man who thinks he can turn out a story as incomprehensible as this . Right now I 'm reading his bio by Jay Parini trying to decipher the Faulkner code.I 'll let you know if I do . I guess I 've just read too much Flannery O'Conner -LRB- brilliant -RRB- and consider Faulkner a bit too precious . Slam me if you must . `` A Light in August '' was good , and I 'm reading short stories that are wonderful , but please , present and future authors , try to engage the reader , not send him/her away frustrated .
 I am in eleventh grade Advanced Placement -LRB- AP -RRB- English and this is the first book I have ever read that has made me want to learn another language . This writer has no respect for his readers with his continously confusing run-on sentences and distracting word placement . Furthermore , he has no respect for the `` laws '' of the language , that are put there to keep from this very disgrace of a novel of ever happening . I will never read another William Faulkner novel ; for this one has made me feel like my intelligence has been stripped from me . In plain , American , understandable English
 I just finshed reading it for my sophomore honors class , and I am sure that I will never voluntarily read Faulkner ever again . Throughout the novel , there is no use of punctaution , such as an apostrophe , and the sentences run on for as long as a whole page . The first hundred pages require more attention than A Tale of Two Cities , and the narration gets worse from there ! It 's as if Faulkner did n't want to appeal to or reach any person . And to make matters worse , there are no book notes anywhere , save essays , that can help understand it . And so do n't read this voluntarily , but , if you have to , good luck and hope that they have made sparknotes for Intruder in the Dust .
 I AM CURRENTLY READING THIS BOOK AS A MANDATORY OUTSIDE READING BOOK FOR MY 11TH GRADE ENGLISH CLASS . I AM ON CHAPTER THREE AND I STILL HAVE NO IDEA OF WHAT IS GOING ON EXACTLY . FAULKNER 'S USE OF WORDING IS EXTREMELY CONFUSING AND DOES NOT CAPTURE THE READER AT ALL.ALONG WITH READING THE BOOK WE HAVE TO COMPLETE A PROJECT EXPLAINING THE PLOT AND MAIN THEMES . HOW CAN I DO THIS IF I DO N'T UNDERSTAND THE BOOK ITSELF?THIS BOOK IS SAID TO BE A GREAT PEICE OF AMERICAN LITERATURE BUT I DISAGREE COMPLETELY.I THINK IT 'S REALLY BAD .
 Thanks to its stream-of-conscious narrative , this book leans more toward the incomprehensible side of Faulkner 's canon , despite a simple plot that often feels as if it would have been suited to a short story and was dragged out to fit the necessary length for a full-length book . When you add to that the blatant preachiness and , aside from the inciting event , a predictable storyline , this book ends up being more work than its worth .
 This novel does n't rank with Faulkner 's classic work and there are dozens of reviews here that tell why -- but the most basic problem is the difficulty of writing a mystery , a plot-driven story , in prose that is often gibberish .
 I bought this to review for my 4th round of taking the boards . On the areas that I am well versed in , I have found a number of errors . I have verified these with other sources . This makes me worry about the accuracy on the topics that I need help . I have also found similar problems with their online questions.After this , I bought the new edition of Swanson 's ReviewSwanson 's Family Medicine Reviewwhich thankfully does not seem to suffer from the same problems .
 I used this to study for the recertification exam in the summer of ' 09 . I passed the exam , but I 'm not sure how much this book helped . It focused a lot of questions on certain diseases that were not on the exam , and some diseases that were hit multiple times on the exam were never mentioned in the book . Also , like other reviewers have mentioned , there are numerous mistakes and dated practice guidelines in the book . If I had to do it over again , I would try a different book .
 If you 're looking for a decent summary of the questions for the exam , forget about this book.It 's just a book of questions with very little content covered between the pages . The questions are largely random and all over the place . Some content is even repeated . They do not provide a proper framework for the knowledge you need to pass the exam . In addition , it sports several incorrect answers which definitely demonstrates poor editorial work.A selling point is supposedly access to a online podcast/online questions to help with the exam . First of all , the question bank is comprised of all the questions you have in the book anyway . Secondly , the podcasts ar a bunch of random facts read by a monotonous voice who pronounces a majority of the words wrong . Plus , I fail to see how 5 minute podcasts are going to prepare you for the ABFM exam anyway . Call it extremely wishful thinking.To be honest , the question bank from the American Academy of Family Practice in their CME section had more relevant and current content for studying .
 The back cover states `` Thoroughly updated for it 's Fourth Edition '' . Not true . The only difference between this and the 3rd edition is that the three Clinical Problem sets at the back of the 3rd edition -LRB- pages 347-383 -RRB- have been replaced by a set of additional questions called the Maintenance of Certification Primer -LRB- pages 345-375 -RRB- . In the first 345 pages there may be a few questions that have changed between the 2 editions but I have n't found one yet - even chapter 7 , the Pictorial Atlas , is unchanged . And I suspect the same will be true for the 4 online practice exams . Bottom line - buy the 3rd edition used for about $ 2 and save yourself $ 60 . Still , this book is ok for FP boards as is Swanson 's .
 I have been out of medicine for 5 years and am reviewing to re-enter practice . I am only on question # 145 but have come across 6-10 errors - mainly things that are contradicting previous answers . Many times I am double-checking answers on up to date.Otherwise , I guess the material is fine , but really for me personally , it is intolerable to have so many errors . Studying should NOT induce extra anxiety !! I have stopped using this book and just ordered Swanson 's 6th edition and one other resource as well .
 I threw it away after 100 pages . Spend the $ 300 + on Core Content . -LRB- I 've no financial relationship with them . -RRB- Also , I used the Kaplan Master the Boards for Int Med and I 'm getting the one for Peds for my ABFM exam .
 Unclear , unorganized , and a complete waste of time .
 Elaine and Peter are career authors . They obviously do n't use the products they write about , and this book is no exception . It is lacking in common sense , good advice , and practical tips and techniques . This series tends to be quite good overall , but the authors ' obvious unfamiliarity with the product they are writing about shines through vividly.If that were n't bad enough , many of the examples are poor quality and look bitmapped ! In a vector book ! Shame !
 Since this was the only book I had found that was small enough and compact to read while travelling , I figured I 'd buy it . After reading and studying all the chapters in the first part , I discovered that I did n't know much more than when I started . How utterly disappointing.I evenutally learned to use and love Illustrator , but not because of the book , but because of using Illustrator for 5 months at work ! To say it quite simply , the book is TERRIBLE for the actual content and examples . Furthermore , the majority of steps towards the end of the book not only had some errors in the processes but they did n't even come close to the actual way Illustrator works . Also , the book seems to have been made directly from the previous version -LRB- I saw a copy at the bookstar nearby -RRB- ! For the price you pay for this book , it 's not worth it , but then again , you get Illustrator online help for free!I bought this book with the intention of getting a feel for what Illustrator was about , but I was wrong.All-in-all , I do n't recommend this book if you plan on using Illustrator for anything more than text on a path .
 After picking up this book and trying to follow along , I found that there were several innaccuracies in the steps . Add to that the confusing layout and miniscule screen shots , and using this book became an exercise in frustration . I 've just gotten a copy of the Illustrator Bible , which appears to be much better organized , readable , and useful .
 I would like to know if there are any books that beside this book so that I can learn Illustrator . In particular , Using the Pen tool or other features . That 's right , so I can learn and understand more about the topic and get well prepared for a career in design and graphics.I am wondering if this is possible , I 'd like to learn about Illustrator ASAP.Thank you very much for your time and help.If you are reviewing other Illustrator books , please inform if they will be able to help . So far , this one and two others have been of no good to me .
 This book is quite long , has lackluster coverage of major 9.0 features , and has several errors . I found myself trying to use it as a reference guide becuase of the size , but digging around for any useful information was almost always futile . Other books in this series seem to be tighter and more coherent than this overlong book .
 This book is the worst tutorial Illustrator book out there . It does n't explain how or why . Not a good book for those new to Illustrator like I am .
 Having some familiarity with the Episcopal Church , with the life and character of priests , and with the work of Reynolds Price -LRB- much admired by me in the past -RRB- , I took up this novel with great interest and high expectations.I was sorely disappointed . Mr Price seems remarkably unfamiliar with Episcopal theology and practices -- for example , when he 's discussing Communion -LRB- Episcopalians believe in the Real Presence but do n't confuse it with transubstantiation ; they do n't talk about `` pouring '' communion -RRB- and even the benefits of the Church Pension Fund . And where were this priest 's bishop and other clergy?More importantly , the characters ' speech is about the worst I 've ever read . It 's stilted , phoney , and completely unrealistic . Moreover , all the characters AND the narrator sound the same . And this novel takes Political Correctness to an absurd extreme . The main character , Mabry , not only speaks in a way that 's at odds with how a 53-year-old white heterosexual male would talk ; he 's also one of the least-interesting , in fact off-putting characters in recent fiction . The only appealing character , Audrey -LRB- misprinted as Aubrey at one point -RRB- , is sketched in two dimensions.This book seems hurriedly written . The review above is correct when it says that `` the major plot elements do not coalesce into a strong , single story . '' That 's for sure . I am not even sure that this piece , as composed , would have made a good short story ; maybe .
 Edward Chiera presented wonderful information on his research of ancient civilizations . Very easy to read for Jr. . High students . However , his personal comments on religion -LRB- s -RRB- was just that , his personal comments , nothing factual . Recommeded reading for students with religious chapters omitted .
 Kind of a lazy book ; the title suggests a comprehensive reference , but what you get is a whatchagot stew of arbitary recipes & once-in-a-while Indian Pudding & Johnny Cakes.The number of Recipes-to-number-of-pages ratio is quite low , & plenty/most recipes not especially `` New England '' -- just because a salad calls for boston lettuce does not make it a regional specialty . Pimm 's Cup ? Asparagus salad with lemon vinaigrette ? grilled chicken sandwiches with russian dressing ? pear and candied ginger clafouti ? tomato & goat cheese salad?There 's one clam chowder recipe & it is an abomination . LIkewise her take on boiled dinner ... a quarter cup of soy sauce ? You have got to be kidding.Since when does Martha 's Vineyard belong to Rhode Island?And is Connecticut actually part of New England ? All of CT ? Anything outside of an easy commute to NYC ? More Yankees bumper stickers than Sox as a geographical demarkation?There are other New England cookbooks that are much , much better .
 Webster gives a lot of detail of the history of Marketing in this book . It includes all the recent develpments in Marketing and how it has affected the customer . For those interested in how Marketing focuses on the customer , this is a great way to understand the marketing of a particular product . That said , this fact packed book is about as dry as can be . If you read this book , you will see how the reader has to slog through this material . Lots of facts and theory , but little in the way of interesting the general public.One market for this book is to university students in Marketing . This book is a great summary of where Marketing will go in the future , and this could help the student . Few people would find this book interesting , other than sales people and Marketing .
 I grew up reading `` Karen '' and `` with love from Karen '' and really love both books . I thought I would enjoy `` Wren '' also . Not so . I thought Marie Killilea 's attempt to synopsize the story of Karen for young readers was a disaster . As much as I like `` Karen '' , that is how much I dislike `` Wren '' . In my opinion , the tone was cutesy and patronizing , some of the anecdotes were poorly chosen , and there were some real howlers , such as a bunny named `` little black sambo '' -LRB- which may have been acceptable in 1954 -RRB- . Also , the statement that Karen is a wonderful child because she never complains , works hard , and always has a cheerful attitude . This is an unfair burden to put on any child , much less a child with a severe physical disability . Also I disliked the repeated admonitions to Marie and Karen that they should not misbehave because that makes God sad and angry with them . That struck me as emotional blackmail.The technique of going back and forth between Karen 's story and the happy , lively Killilea family worked very well in `` Karen '' because there was room for it . It did not work so well here . A few stories about the family are fine , but not this rambling about the Killilea animals -LRB- the bunnies chew the furniture ; one bunny has a litter , the details about the wrens , etc. -RRB- . This was meant to be cute but seemed pointless to me . The only animal who deserved the detailed description was Shanty , because he was Karen 's `` second guardian angel '' -LRB- a phrase I liked -RRB- . I also thought this book did not do a good job of explaining cerebral palsy at all , nor why Karen needed so many years of physical therapy . And characterizing therapy as a fun `` Game '' is patronizing in my view because it overlooks the years of hard work and dedication needed for Karen to gain use of her arms and legs . The therapy was described very well in `` Karen , '' but not here.I did like some aspects of the book . Starting out from Marie 's point of view is a great idea . I also liked some anecdotes , such as teaching Karen how to hold her breath underwater , and the Christmas story at the end of the book . The illustrations , done by Bob Riger , are absolutely beautiful.On the whole , however , I thought this story was a jumble of unrelated , cutesy , somewhat patronizing little anecdotes and I would not recommend it to anyone with CP or their families . CP can be made understandable to young readers . A good book is Marylin Gould 's `` Golden Daffodils '' .
 Mary Powers wrote an eloquent review of how distasteful this book really is . It talks down to its readers . I also did not like the way the author refers to herself as `` Mom Pom . '' It is one thing if the children called her that , but for a competent adult to refer to herself that way is ludicrous . The book reads like a little homespun saga , but in real life nobody is that loving and 100 % self sacrificing . Even the `` nice appearance '' is a facade . I did n't like the fact that the rabbit was named `` little black sambo , '' which I felt was a racist slur . I also did not like the way Karen was portrayed as a 100 % cheerful , uncomplaining little martyr . She was n't . She was a bright , delightful , adorable little girl who had a physical challenge and who learned to cope with it . She got tired . She was ashamed of the `` ugly , yellow leather stains '' the braces left on her legs . She regularly saw her older sister Marie get relegated to the background while their foster sister stole the limelight in the books and in their mother 's eyes . Wren is stupidly written and makes light of how serious an effort physical therapy is . Calling Karen 's hard work `` games '' is insulting at best , misleading at worst . Wren really is for the birds !
 I did n't like this book when I was a child . I do n't like it as a an adult . It is a farce , plain and simple . The reviewers who panned it for its absurdity were right on target . This poorly written tale just constructs a nice little fantasy about a martyr instead of a real child and it sounds like `` Ozzie & Harriet Confront C.P. '' Although the anecdotes about the aminmals were cute , the whole book is written in a condescending tone . The racist name that one rabbit was given was insulting . Read `` Karen '' and `` With Love from Karen '' instead as these books complement your intelligence instead of insulting it like `` Wren '' does . I did n't like this book at all . I agree -- `` Wren '' really is for the birds .
 Having a son named Casey , I have many copies of `` Casey at the Bat '' . Each and every one of them has Cooney and Burrows die at first . The new Harper Collins edition reads . . `` And then when Cooney died at second , and Burrows did the same ... '' Not only does this interrupt the meter of the poem , it does n't make any baseball sense . Mudville is losing by two runs in the bottom of the ninth . When Cooney gets up there are no outs . How does he die at second ? How does Burrows do the same ? Did they try to stretch a single into a double ? I can just see the veins popping out on the managers forehead when they pulled that stunt . This line is really something to think about and I am wondering where the editors at Harper Collins came across it.The illustrations by Leroy Neiman are wonderful . Here you see a very Mantlesque looking Casey straining every muscle to connect with that pitch and end the game with a towering blast . I also loved the fact that they are not in color . The only disturbing part is that before the final verse of the poem , you are clearly shown that Casey has missed the ball . Now we all know that Casey struck out , but you do n't want to know that until the text tells you . To this day I always hope that air which is shatterd has been the result of his hitting the ball . The placement of Mr Neiman 's illustrations takes that hope away . If I had been reading this to my son for the first time , he would surely have seen that the mighty Casey had failed . There would have been no need to read the last stanza . I certainly do not recommend this as a childs first introduction to this poem . The format and illustrations are wonderful , but save it for your second purchase !
 One of the book covers was torn and covered with a black substance . It was unsuitable to gift to the intended recipient . I had to obtain another book locally . I tried to contact Horizon Books via telephone , but never got an answer . I would appreciate a replacement copy !
 There are several altered versions of Thayer 's classic poem in existance.This book uses one of them.I love this poem , and I wish the author had stuck with the original.Especially when Ernest Lawrence Thayer is listed as the author!Also - the images of Casey and the spectators are of modernday participants . Casey is wearing a helmet and his name andnumber are on the back of his uniform . Not like a playerin 1888 at all.Leroy Neiman is a great artist , and that is the only reason I give this2 stars .
 If you are going to spend the money on a book regarding spearfishing , spend the extra money for `` Bluewater Hunting and Freediving '' by Terry Maas . It has much more info that this book.This book is elementary at best .
 Although this book has some decent pictures the writing and analysis is below average . Writer appears more interested in underwater photography . His coverage of spearguns borders on the flimsy . He appears to have little actual experience in this area . Book is only 133 pages . 1 . I saw no pictures of author with fish . 2 . Written in third party format . Appears to be commercial diver or instructor . 3 . Speargun coverage lightweight , knowledge of powerheads insufficient . Nothing on shark defense . 4 . Seems to condone not using safeties on guns . 5 . Does not use own equipment in book but refers to borrowed spearguns , etc. . 6 . Appears to own little or none of his own spearing equipment . Written from the reporter , photographer point of view . I recommend looking elsewhere .
 I bought this book prior to a trip to Italy with my 3-year-old son and was highly disappointed . The authors stick to only the most obvious siteseeing destinations and did n't provide the nitty gritty that a traveler with children really needs . For example , the chaper on Venice of course describes St. Marks , but makes no mention of the playground right near the train station . The Milan chapter mentions `` The Last Supper '' but overlooks a park we discovered that has a collection of dinosaur statues and a carousel.Another major omission
 We own every European travel book that exists . I can honestly say that this one is by far the worst one I have seen , hands down . The coverage of accommodations is sparse and only includes extraordinarily expensive hotels , for the most part , and the dining recommendations are little better . There are no unique tips in this guide and it really covers 6 cities , and not very comprehensively . I give an extra star for making the attempt to write a kids travel guide , since they are not common .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I took 2 books it was ITALY DISCOVERY JOURNAL I turned to and it is the one my kids enjoyed the most . Pat had great insight about how to make your kids part of the experience , they will always remember this trip as with ITALY DISCOVERY JOURNAL they were part of the decisions .
 There is nothing , I repeat , NOTHING in Italy that would appeal to a child under the age of 12 . This book is a waste of money . If your kids are under 12 , take them to Disneyland/World and save yourself a lot of money and whining .
 After reading all the glowing reviews of this book I was sadly disappointed!Cardboard characters and unbelievable plot , hardly worth the price of the book . A major sorespot indeed !!!
 While shelf-browsing my local library , I happened open this book and was intrigued by its attractive cover and its historical premise , so I picked it up.I , too , could not finish the book and stopped short of the trial in London . It opened fairly well with the moral issue of slavery becoming a heated topic at a London merchant 's dinner table . The 16-year old daughter is indignant that her father is selling efficiently lethal rifles and ammunition to the Confederacy . Her passion has been influenced by a rival Union arms buyer who pleads the moral case as well , and with whom she later flees to the U.S.I found the characters convincing one moment , and then rather wooden the next . The same with the Victorian milieu -- it struck me as unevenly depicted . For me this was a major flaw as the best historical novels and detective stories have an optimal weaving of story , character and environment to make the `` whole cloth '' , so to speak.In addition , the detective Monk seemed a rather lame chap in this work . Mystery detectives , even when they 're not doing much or are hovering in the background , ought to have a looming presence as they are to a greater or lesser degree the moral presence in the story , the one who must discover the truth . The Adam Dalgliesh character of P.D. James is almost always successfully rendered in this way , even though he may be absent for a good part of the story.What went wrong with SoO ? Look at the author 's extensive credits at the front of the book . Ms. Perry is a `` writing machine '' if there ever was one , and prolific genre writers can get overextended , disconnected and thin from time to time . That 's what happened here , I wager .
 This is my first foray into the work of Anne Perry , noted English author of two extensive Victorian detective series , those featuring William and Hester Monk and those with Thomas and Charlotte Pitt . This is a Monk mystery . It is my belief that a mystery to work must be believable , both in it character motivations and plot twists and turns . With that as a benchmark , several things about this book trouble me . I did n't believe the critical love story aspect of a 16-year old girl and a man more than twice her age ; nor did I believe that this cold and distant man would have given her an expensive watch as a keepsake . It seems like just a gimmick so that when the watch shows up at the scene of the crime it becomes a red herring . And although this event was much discussed , it was never rationalized as to how it happened . Further , the crime involved the stealing of state-of-the-art guns and ammunition to support the Union troops in the Civil War . Although the crime was supposed to have happened and the weapons reached American -LRB- how I still do not understand -RRB- , no tangible evidence showed this , especially with the Union soldiers being badly beaten in an initial conflict by the confederates with one of the reasons for the loss being their unreliable arms . The climax of the novel came out of nowhere with Monk descending in complicated and heavy scuba gear for the very first time to search for a missing barge . Why did n't he send police divers ? Obviously , Perry was looking to increase tension at any cost to the believability of the book . And the resultant find of unusable weaponry makes no sense to me at all . Nor does the conclusions drawn from this episode . Another thing I found annoying was the repeated writing style of having one of the characters ask a very important question , then Perry giving a long descriptive paragraph before telling us the answer to the question . I did give the book two stars , because I did enjoy the Monk characters , but the plots and sub-characters lost me . Because of her reputation , I might try another Perry book , but one featuring the Pitts this time .
 Not one of the stronger entries in the series , SLAVES OF OBSESSION suffers from too many set pieces and not enough of the emotional complexity usually found in this series . Far too much time is spent on the philosophical battle between Union and Confederate issues ; battles better detailed in many other works , and not enough on developing a strong narrative . The trip to America for Monk and Hester to recapture an American and his runaway English teen on a charge of murder is relatively ridiculous and only serves as an opportunity for Perry to showcase Hester 's nursing ability . It 's an interesting scene , but really just fills pages and does not move the narrative forward . Even the mystery 's solution resolution left me less than satisfied , a perfunctory ending to a pedestrian entry in the series .
 I read a lot of historical fiction . This is perhaps the third novel in the last 10 years that I could not finish because it was so slow . I forced myself to 250 or 270 pages but the story drags on.Its simply boring .
 `` Slaves of Obsession '' earns no stars from me , but the one-star I did award to the book goes to Galian and Clark for their jacket design and photo . I thoroughly enjoyed Ms. Perry 's first William Monk story , `` The Face of a Stranger , '' as the character she created was interesting and his dilemma intriguing . However , I did not feel that `` Slaves of Obsession '' held the same fascination . There was very little about the inner workings and turmoils of Monk and , as always , there was too much time and attention devoted to Hester . `` Slaves of Obsession '' had the feel of a soap box rather than a tale of intrigue . I do not like Ms. Perry 's obsession with placing twentieth century philosophy and social values in the nineteenth century -- the characters ' outlandish and grandiose future-reaching thoughts are misplaced and feel that way . Ms. Perry has the ability to weave a compelling story but this was not one of them . I look forward to her next William Monk adventure , but I hope that she will concentrate on the mystery rather than wasting pages on over-worked social issues .
 Anne Perry 's `` Slaves of Obsession '' starts out with a great premise
 First and foremost , let me note that my review and negative rating has absolutely nothing to do with the supposed swearing in the book . The fact that people mention the word `` damn '' and `` hell '' with the ocassional insult do n't and should n't constitute as heavy-duty swearing . It is in no way inappropriate for ninth graders - most ninth graders use far fouler language in everyday life than that mentioned in the book . The way that Crooks is referred to -LRB- some prefer to call in the `` n '' word -RRB- is not always an insult - it is simply how people called others of different coloring . I just felt that I had to explain my reasons , that 's all . Moving on , the book is n't entirely bad . Steinbeck 's ideas are convincing , and even though slightly depressing , I -LRB- as a reader -RRB- , felt that they were not expressed entirely well . I found the repetition of certain words , purposeful or not , somewhat badly done . It just did not achieve what could supposedly be the intended effect.The characters could have been described in a much more detailed manner . Since this book was probably written with the goal of a novel easily adapted to theatre , the fact that description was toned down was understandable - but still , it felt very lacking . Though the description used for George and Lennie made it easy to picture the two main characters , again , the repetition of certain words really detracted from the passage as a whole . One thing that gave the novel the impression that it was rushed was the fact that some characters that were introduced in the beginning of the chapter two did n't really play a part later on . For instance , the Boss , Curley 's father , seemed to have importance in chapter two , but he faded into obscurity after that . The dialogue , on the other hand , is quite fluid and natural.Even though the conflict in the book was very obvious , it could have been worked on and produced with much more profundity . The ending as it is is powerful on its own , but I ca n't help but feel that something is missing.All in all , that concludes my review . Please take into account that this is not meant to offend anyone
 This book is about two hobos named George and Lennie . In the beginning of the story they are on their way to a ranch to earn a stake . When they get to the ranch they meet Candy , the one handed man , Slim the team leader , Curly the bosses son , and Curly 's wife . Curly is always loosen his wife and ca n't find her . She tries to flurred with all the guy at the ranch . Lennie is in the barn petting his dead puppy when she comes to flurred and then something happens ! You 'll have to read the book to find out what happens .
 I 'm torn between giving this book one star for making me depressed and giving the book five stars for how well written and how honest the book is . All in all , the book deserves the classic status it has attained , but do to how the story made me feel , I had to throw my copy away . I am not a reader that will say a simple `` this book sucks '' but this book made me feel bad . The truth behind the tale disturbed me . That was probably the point trying to be made , but even so , I can not get by how it made me view the world at the end .
 I did not like this book at all . I had to read it in eighth grade . It was so difficult to understand the interactions between the characters . Although the story itself was okay , it was nothing special at all and it is n't something I would look forward to reading . The WORST part is the end , it 's VERY SAD . It 's the WORST ending I have ever read in a book . I was hoping the book would end happy , but , just like the rest of the book , the ending sucks as well . I do n't get how these books become famous . Maybe an adult would like it , but definitely not someone who is in middle school or high school . If you are a teenager , read something like realistic fiction that takes place in a school setting or at least in a more modern setting . Something that is interesting to what you do . Or something like a mystery or a fantasy . I do n't get how a book this bad -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- could become SO famous . This is probably because this is a book ADULTS read and it should n't be read by kids my age . If you are unfortunate to have to read this book , GOOD LUCK . Hopefully you will like it , but I only recommend this to adults who like difficult classic `` literature '' style books .
 I happen to be a high school student and this book just happened to be required for my class . -LRB- please do not read this if you hate spoilers not that I encourage anyone to read this book anyway -RRB- To start off , this must be the most depressing most unbelieveably horrid books I have ever read in my entire life rivaling only Hemmingway in that matter . The entire book tells the story of two friends Lennie and George who have a dream to own a farm and basically to live the American dream and to live without cares . Well as the story goes on , lennie runs into the wife of the son of the owner of the farm -LRB- who is already hitting on everone else in the farm including Lennie now More on that later -RRB- . Anyhow , they get a bunch of the hands on the farm together and are getting ready to own their farm and throughout the entire book you will just want them to get that farm but it does n't happen . Lennie kills the lady and is forced to run and hide where George told him to go if ever he were in trouble and what doess George do ? HE SHOOTS LENNIE ! George goes on to become a drunk and the novella has a most depressing ending . Basically , this was an incredibly depressing book -LRB- like all Steinbacks -RRB- and is the last book I will ever want to read again . My teacher calls it realism I call it flat out pessimism . It is a glimpse into the mind of a man who knew how to take a lousy story and write it well enough to sell like so many `` great '' american novelists of the 20th century . This was the first book I ever felt like ripping to shreds and unless you yourself are depressed or wish to become so , DO NOT READ A STEINBACK NO MATTER WHAT ANYONE TELLS YOU !
 Now , then : Of Mice and Men Is one of the worst books I have ever read . Let me count the ways :1 -RRB- It has immeasuably two dimensional chacters . Steinbeck stays so close to the archetypal `` strong man '' `` seedy guy '' `` angry little guy '' `` seductive wife '' its disgusting . he even has a token black guy ! Absurd .2 -RRB- An equally two-dimensional plot . Steinbeck 's unbearable heavy handedness in getting his all important `` moral '' across completely crushes out any vestige of meaningful charcterization or subtext .3 -RRB- The ending . No , I 'm not about to say `` ew ! '' What i will say is that thats what he WANTS you to think . He wants you to put down this book and `` realzie the impossibility the america dream , and the cutthroat nature of humans in general . '' The problem with this conclusion is the entire book is completely contrived ! The most absurd confluence of cicumstances that could possible occur come togethr in this book . its all crap.There . Just in case you missed it ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I SPECIFIED I WANTED THIS BOOK IN HARDCOVER AND THE JERKS SENT ME A SOFTCOVER . iT IRRITATES ME TO PAY FOR SOMETHING I WAS TOTALLY AGAINST AND SPECIFICALLY ASKED NOT BE SENT TO ME . i WILL NEVER USE OR RECOMMEND THIS BOOKSTORE . gOOD LUCK TO OTHERS WHO OPT TO USE THEM
 I found several critical problems with this play , including narrative structure , plot thematics , metaphorical irony , and satirical narcissism . Serious scholars need not apply . The books are not for the people to do with Lenny and Carl . Shooting the tragedy in the end is an unfortunate incident for the lives of everyone on the earthen structures . If you 're good looking for Steinbeck , I suggest the `` Rapes of Wrath . ''
 This story has way too much profanity . It is difficult to get past the use of the words to realize the meaning of the book .
 After the title I am with those that find the characters , story , ending , everything about this book without any interest . Personally I 'm unable to fathom the good reviews this relatively boring book gets .
 I unfortunately had to read this book for school because its required for 9th grade . The book was a little hard to follow and i think that this book is too mature . There is so much swearing that you will not even believe it . The `` n '' word is used often and so is a lot of other bad things I cant -LRB- and do n't -RRB- even want to type . Save this book for older high school students . I read some other reviews and they state that they were required to read this on 8th grade . That 's just crazy ! The ending is so sad and every character is this book has issues or problems . Overall i give this book 1 or 2 stars . The main idea was good and the length of the story was ok too . Not too long not too short .
 This book is one of the worst pieces of garbage i 've ever had to read in my life . Of course this was a high school book and in high school evidently they feel every book we read either has to deal with a political issue or some sort of horrid death . and of course , this book is no exception . long and short , retarded guy and his not retarded friend are wandering around while he wants him to tell him about the rabbit farm they 'll eventually have . then they meet up with a guy 's farm , he accidentally kills a slut and ... his best friend shoots him in the back of the head . yep . that 's about all you need to know . there i just told you the whole story . so if you have to read it for school , just sparknote it . i know people out there will say `` no , this is an american classic ! '' but let me ask you , WHY is it an ` American classic ' ? Because it hits political buttons . all these would be classics have something to do with political buttons . books such as to kill a mockingbird , lord of the flies , 1984 , all these novels involve horrid deaths for little reason more than to consider them ` classics ' . and because five pretentious critics gave these books great reviews back in the 50 's , we 're now forced to read them even today . For the actual book , it has one of the stupidest endings i 've ever read in a novel , the characters are uninteresting , and this should not even be at a garage sale for a quarter , let alone an ` american classic ' . of mice and men gets 1 dead friend out of 5
 One of the first things I noticed while reading Of Mice and Men was a sense of comfort on the part of the narration ; the descriptions and character development seemed so natural that the sense of realism was undeniable . Although there is much that Steinbeck keeps to himself in terms of his main characters , I found Lennie and George to be well-rounded and honest - simple men trying to keep their heads above their water as they pursue -LRB- to different degrees -RRB- what qualified as `` the good life '' for two migratory farm hands.Much to my surprise , I had no real emotional response to the novel . I tend to be a very emotive reader , and more often than not will respond passionately to what I read . However , Steinbeck has left me feeling completely neutral ; I was not particularly invested in the characters or events of the book , and found the conclusion neither satisfying nor disappointing . In the end I 'm willing to consider this neutrality a positive result of the trial - I did n't hate the book , so I 'm more open to reading something along the lives of Travels with Charlie , but I also did n't love it , so I doubt I 'll be tackling The Grapes of Wrath anytime soon .
 Of Mice and Men was an assigned reading in my class . At first I thought it was good -LRB- in the first chapter -RRB- , but then I read on . The book did not suit me . I would not recommend this book to anyone , because I thought it was a bad story . The author 's writing style was good , but the plot was stupid . Some of the characters were believable , but others were very inrealistic . The ending was very sad , and you would have never seen it coming .
 The book is about two guys going from field to field for jobs . George is a small man that protects Lennie . Lennie is a very big man with the mind of a child . The story takes place on a field in California . I disliked the book because to me it was stipid . George is always yelling at Lennie and telling him what to do . Then what George does to Lennie at the end is sad and mean . you would need to read the book yourself to make a decision on it .
 This is a great book , especially if you actually understand the symbolism . However , I bought it `` used and in good shape . '' It was NOT in good shape . The last probably 25 or so pages looked like a dog had chewed it to shreds . I could read some of the pages , but others were completely confusing without the other half . I would recommend this book , but I would not recommend that you buy it used .
 I was made to read this for English and thoroughly disliked every moment of it . I thought the plot was boring and it was n't nearly as good as everyone appears to believe it is.The only reason I am not giving 1 star is because when I look back on the story I can sort of see it being realistic , but then again every time I hear mention of this book I pretty much get nightmares .
 Jeez , was this book strange ! By looking at all these great reviews , I felt I had to add my opinion . Steinbeck 's a talented writer , that 's obvious from the first page . But it had no plot or anything.I guess you either love it or hate it .
 John Steinbeck uses too many cuss words in this book . I think George should have watched Lennie more so he would n't get into so much trouble all of the time . This book is n't really worth reading if you have a choice . It 's too short and the conclusion does n't make much sense .
 I had to read this book for my English class at school and I started out with an optimistic attitude reflecting this book . The beginning of the book was rather slow but , of course , I had to read it and was willing to give it a chance on account of it being such an essential classic . As I read further , though , I feel that the book could have develloped further than it did . What had been a trace of a plot at the beginning of the book had all but shrunken into a totally unnecessary conclusion that , I feel , had no thought or reflection on the main goal of the book .
 I know a lot of people are going to be mad at me for saying that I HATE this book , which is why I have decided to leave this anonymous . Anyway , it 's probably just a personal thing . It was very boring . The fact that I had to read it for my english class and write an essay about it probably did n't help , but I NEVER would have read this on my own . The writing is n't even that great . And the only reason people like it is because it 's a classic . And the only reason it 's a classic is because you 've been TOLD it 's a classic ! It 's an old book , and it has some theme and deep symbolic meaning , blah blah blah . But if you actually want a good book , I do n't suggest this one . If you have to read this for your english class , I feel sorry for you .
 John Steinbeck is one of the greastest writers ever and he proved it when writing this book . I ` am 17 years old and had to read this in English , I read it in two days I could n't put it down it touched me like no other book has done before .
 This book is dull , and I do not know why people like to read it and then to make it into a MOVIE and a PLAY . Boring writing , mild characters , slow almost motionless plot .
 When I bought this book , I expected the book displayed with the same cover . Instead I got a worn out scribbled on book for my mother 's birthday . The seller of this product did n't display the real cover or the actual condition of the book . Like New ? I think not .
 I was forced to read this poor excuse for a book for English class . It was awful . I hope Steinbeck 's other books are better than this . This book read like a hazy dream more than a novel , and a BORING & UNCLEAR hazy dream at that . I hope this review convinced you to spend your time on worthwile literature as opposed to this .
 Of Mice and MenI did n't like the book at all . The only thing that I actually liked about the book was the character Lennie . I thought that they described his characteristics very well . The author described the way Lennie acted so well , that when u were reading the book it was like u could hear his voice . I did n't like the way the story was written , because that is n't really my type of book . I think the reason I did n't really like the book is because I do n't really like reading that much , so that probably had an effect on the way I looked at the book after I was done reading it . I would n't really recommend this book to someone .
 Of Mice and MenI did n't like the book at all . The only thing that I actually liked about the book was the character Lennie . I thought that they described his characteristics very well . The author described the way Lennie acted so well , that when u were reading the book it was like u could hear his voice . I did n't like the way the story was written , because that is n't really my type of book . I think the reason I did n't really like the book is because I do n't really like reading that much , so that probably had an effect on the way I looked at the book after I was done reading it . I would n't really recommend this book to someone .
 If your looking for book that gets a little dirty , but reveals a true part of history , you 've found what your looking for in John Steinbeck 's `` Of Mice and Men / ''
 I had to read this book for my english teacher at my high school . I finished the book 3 weeks late , and the only reason I read it in the first place was because my teacher said read it or fail . Looking back I wish I would have just taken the zero , cause I failed anyway . If you have the choice for God 's sake take the 0 . They should re-name this book Retard on a Ranch .
 This Book tells a story about two friends who are looking for a new job near the Salinas River in California . Lenny , who is mentally retarded , and George , the smart one . They had to escape from their last job because Lenny got in trouble . In the new job the story will be repeated , but this time for the last time . The only reason I gave this book a star is because is has a good plot , and because this is happening in the world right now , it is a reality . The main factor that called my attention was the vocabulary and quotations of the characters . This is why I give one star to the book .
 John Steinbeck who is the author of this book `` Of Mice And Man '' , wrote about the forgotten people like the lonely migrant workers.Lennie and George are two migrant worker with different personalities . Lennie is a huge man with an ironic mind , he all the time gets in trouble accidently , George is a small man , but has a quick mind . These two left Weed to Soledad where they attemped to realize their dreams which is to get their own land and have a good life , not to spend their money at a cat house . Since they are not lonely like the other migrant workers . Lennie and George have each others.This book is wonderful and at the same time sad.I recommand this book because it exlains the value of friendship , how the migrant workers are lonely , how they live and what their dreams are.In this book i love the innocent Lennie as well as George who did his best to protect his only and best friend .
 May I use this opportunity to express my strong dissatisfaction at Steinbeck 's book `` Of Mice and Men '' . As a story it could have been much more elaborated but , to my dissapointment it was not . Reading the first chapter I was mysled to believe that I was going to find a good and interesting book due to the excellent descriptions . Instead , i found that he used the same style of description during the entire book making it repetitive and boring . Secondly , the only scenes of the book that were , in my opinion , worthwhile ended up being violent `` He slashed at Lennie with his left '' , `` Blood run down Lennies face '' . Finally , the entire ending of the book was my mayor disappointment as , it ends in a way that leaves a great deal of issues unconcluded , such as George 's future . I think that the ending is very poor and leaves much to be desired . In conclusion , I believe the story did not live up to standard and I would not recommend it as it gives us a fake idea of what the book will be but , tears it apart as you go deeper into the story .
 By reading this book I now recognise what a brilliant writer John Steinbeck is . He has the great ability to include so much detail that you can see what is happening perfectly , but he keeps enough action going in the process . This style of writing gave him these 2 stars.The topic of this book , however , is very unappealing to me . I felt sorry for poor , retarted Lennie instantaneously . His emmense physical strength seemed very unrealistic , though . This is POSITIVELY NOT a book for a dedicated animal lover
 The story is about two gays that are looking for any job . All that time while they are looking for a place also to stay , they pass trough lots of bad and good things . They always help and got each other , `` I got you , you got me `` said George , one of the principal characters , and this shows de people who read this book , that when you have a friend that is passing a bad moment , you have to support him , and that is a good example for children . Also , the main theme of the story is loneliness , this also help people to trie to get lots of friends , for not being alon ein the future . Story statement by Jhon Steinbeck , is a very interesting book for all ages , who wants two know about two gays that pass unforgetable moments and that one of the two lives will end in the ranch , where they finally lived and work .
 When I started reading the book at school I found it boring . I had to read it for school -LRB- if I did n't read it I would had a 1 -RRB- and almost all the class found it boring . It 's funny when Leenie -LRB- principal characters who does stupid thing . George say 's in one part to the owner of the ranch `` I 'm not saying he 's bright , he ai n't , but he 's as strong as a bull . '' -RRB- but the theme does n't make it a pleasure to read . The book is easy to understand and does n't have difficult words . The story is about to people , George and Leenie , who are itinerant workers who go to one place to another to find job . They have a dream but it 's very difficult for them to make it true because of Leenie 's dumbness . When they 're working in ranch problems happens because of Leenie . The entire story is about that subject . To finish my review ill tell you not to spend your time reading this book when there are better books -LRB- unless you have to read it for school -RRB- . I could only recommended to Steinbecks fans .
 I thought this book was overrated and disappointing . The plot was undeveloped and lacking and the characters were not lifelike . the ending was abrupt and silly . Overall the book was a major disappointment and not worth my hard earned money .
 I thought that this book was a good book . It was very interesting.I also thought that it had to much swearing in it.sincerely , The King Eli
 This was another read for my English class 's banned book project ; I read this within a group of four other students and myself . I felt like I did n't get as much out of the book , because we had to make it last over three weeks time -LRB- one chapter between class periods -RRB- and then answer some lame discussion questions about nothing that really mattered . I can debate and analyze a book , but only when I 'm finished with it . Not to mention that everyone else in my group spoiled the ending , so it was all I could do not to find out the ending until I actually got there!I 'm not sure if I 'm a fan of Steinbeck 's writing . Perhaps it 's because of how conservative I am , so I had to do a lot of censoring -LRB- as I read near everything aloud , especially when I have to analyze and remember things -RRB- during my reading . My teacher got my hopes up , saying it was a heartbreaking story with an incredibly sad ending , but by chapter five of six , I was n't sure where the sadness was supposed to come in . The last chapter only was about six pages , so the ending itself felt rushed , and because of that , did n't feel very sad at all , which let me down immensely.Read the specifics ? -LSB- ... -RSB- ~ Thalia Anderson
 This book was an alright book . It starts out with Lennie and George in a town called Weed . Then Lennie 's obsession with soft things gets them in trouble . They go to another ranch where they meet a few people . Then Lennie gets them in trouble with these new characters . I did n't like this book that much because I do n't like to read and it was a boring book . I would only recomened this book to people who like boring books and people 13 years of age and older .
 This book is not exactly to my liking . It could of been more interesting . It was only was in depth for certain topics . The main reason why I read the book was for the way it showed how even the most of different people can become the best of friends . George the main character Is Lenny 's -LRB- the second main character -RRB- proctector . Lenny is not a person who can defend himself George looks out for him . One more reason why I read the book is because it shows how real friends protect each other and stand by each other in all circumstances no matter the obstacles . by TJones
 I picked up this book for English class and after reading it I can respect how many people really enjoyed this book and I can see why . It is written well and it does keep your interest . John Steinbeck 's style is very unique and it is semi-enjoyable to read -LRB- although every other sentence contains a swear word . -RRB- The story is about two men , George and Lennie , who always look out for each other . Lennie is , well , `` different '' in that he loves to touch soft things . He has the mind of a two year old . George does his best efforts to look after Lennie , although Lennie does get into a lot of trouble . After being chased away from their previous town , George and Lennie get new jobs in hopes to someday own a ranch of their own.Though this book was written well and the plot was good , I did n't like the story line . It was very depressing and was annoying for me to read . Maybe I 'm just one person in a million who did n't enjoy this book . Try it out and see what you think .
 Of Mice and MenOf Mice and Men was a good book , I recommend it to anyone who likes a good short book . It 's full of fun and adventure . But it had its ups and downs . It is not a bad book , I think that I would read it again , but not for a while , I would like to watch the movie first so I can compare if it is even close to how the book goes . I only like one character and that 's Lennie , he is very funny at some points , and sad at other points in the book . Over all it was a good book to read if you like to read books .
 It sucked
 Despite being a very well writen work , this ebook is over priced for the length and content . I have a paper copy sitting next to me , and even it is less expensive ! I am disappointed .
 Three crucial pages were torn from the book
 I read this book and OMG it was soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sad !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE IT WHEN GEORGE SHOOTS LENNIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!! I would rate this book ages 12 + . there are lots of cuss words like damn , hell and bitch!its too violent and inappropriate for you if you are young ! -LRB- DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- -LRB- CAUTION If YOU DO N'T LIKE SAD ENDINGS DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB-
 I read of mice and men because I had to for school otherwise I would have never read this book I thought it was going to be boring and nothing changed it was still boring . The story is about lenny and george and they travel around from job to job trying to make money . Lenny likes to touch things and always gets them kicked out of ever town they go to . Then they have a plan to get their own land and stop working for everyone else . This was a boring book . It was written by John Steinbeck .
 I had to read this book for my 9th grade English class and i must say this is the worst book that I have ever read in my entire life ! it had the worst ending possible , I had to keep putting it down because it had the slowest plot in the world and had very flat characters . -LRB- Amazon suggests you buy this with To kill a Mockingbird which was the other book that was required for me and I highly suggest that book because it is a great book and one of my all time favorites . -RRB- AHHHHH !!!!! this book made me soo mad . They killed of my favorite character !!! and george did it how could he do that ! Slim was my other favorite and so was candy but even Slim was n't cool in the end . I hated this book so much . Do n't read this its bad . Read to Kill a Mocking Bird its good . If you want to read something of John Steinbecks read the Grapes of Wrath .
 I would n't recommend this book if you like to read things that make sense . Certainly , this book had any point to it whatsoever . The fact that a man would kill his supposed ` friend ' just because people are after him is absolutely horrible . There was absolutely no plot to this story and you knew exactly what was going to happen next . This book was a waste of time and a waste of money .
 Wow , this book really -LSB- is bad -RSB- ... But in M&M ; Steinbeck gets down-right nasty . This little gem of stink can be summarized , `` Is n't it tragic that in this world there are just some people that we need shoot like the old stinky dogs that they are , but thankfully we have good friends who will love us enough to do the murdering . `` That 's profound ? There 's nothing profound about that . It 's silly , misguided and sentimental to be sure . It 's also evil . But it 's certainly not profound.Now it might be that Steinbeck hates the world and hates George and hates what George does and that M&M ; is an anguished cry against an unjust world . However , this secret message is unlikely to be discerned from the text and the average reader will come away thinking , `` It 's jus ' too bad that sum folks is better off not bein ' born 'd . '' This is clearly the impression the book makes upon most Amazon reviewers . And even if the message of the book were `` life -LSB- is bad -RSB- '' instead of `` murder the less fortunate '' it would hardly salvage this vile little creation ... It has its share of ham-fisted heart-string pulling and the occasional pastoral description of a shrubbery or a creek , but that 's just not enough to make the painful few hours wasted upon its pages worthwhile ...
 During the first chapter of the book . It hooks you right away . From the moment the characters arrive at the barn it declines . If you have ever seen `` Pinky and the Brain '' these are the characters . Except Lennie is more stupid than Pinky ! My two year old cousin has more common sense than Lennie . The book is highly illogical .
 I do not know what all of the fuss is about this book . Every single page I read was an absolute yawn . I did not care what happened to any if the characters and I just did not care about any theme this book attempted to convey . For me , I got not one thing useful from reading this book . And I can usually find a little bit of a gem in everything I read . So not interested in reading Grapes of Wrath . Oh well , ca n't win 'em all !
 This book was required reading in high school , and we all made fun of it . I guess it 's an O.K. book but I do n't recall it having much of an impact other than humor value . But I 'm not a big Steinbeck fan . I guess we all have our prejudices .
 I had really expected more from this book , it was highly recommended by many people whom i talked to , and it is still a mystery to me as to why . I was first a bit shocked at how short the book was , but i have read short books before that were written beatifully and definetley worth reading . This was not one of them . While i could appreciate the irony of the main characters , them attracting my attention more than their situtation . A big , strong man , but dum as a box of rocks , and the keen small man , being the one to over throw the bigger man . This book seemed to be the starting point of so many modern stereotyes , it 's unbelievable . Though i must say i had some time adjusting to their slang , and while the book was descriptive to a point , i never really fell in love with the story line . It was not as complex as some people would have it to be , and it seemed as if their situaion could have been more deeply shown , or there could have been other opsticals explained . Maybe it is just me , but i would not spend my money to buy my own copy of this book ...
 I think that this book was very weak.There should of been more killing.I also think that lennie did the right thing by killing the girl at the end.The book was n't very good.To much swearing .
 I have just finished reading Of Mice and Men for my 10th grade Honors English class . Set during the Depression , Of Mice and Men spans four days and follows the lives of George and Lennie . Lennie is mentally retarded , acts like a child , and is innocent . At the same time , he does n't know his own strength . He likes to pet mice , but ends up killing them by accident . George travels with Lennie , has always looked out for him , and protects him whenever he gets into trouble . They both share a dream that many people held during the Depression
 What confuses me more than why I was forced to read this book in school was how anyone could call it a masterpiece or a classic for that matter . I 'll admit the relationship between Lennie -LRB- mentally retarded -RRB- and George was sweet . Although as the book so uneventfully progressed , things turned terrible between Lennie accidentally killing Curley 's wife and George shooting Lennie . As in both The Pearl and Of Mice and Men , Steinbeck seems to love writing about innocent people getting shot . Steinbeck is a pessimist to say the least and I will never read his works again .
 I read this book and OMG it was soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sad !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE IT WHEN GEORGE SHOOTS LENNIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!! I would rate this book ages 12 + . there are lots of cuss words like damn , hell and bitch!its too violent and inappropriate for you if you are young ! -LRB- DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- -LRB- CAUTION If YOU DO N'T LIKE SAD ENDINGS DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB-
 My english teacher read this book outloud to us . It was the worst thing ever . I feel asleep every day he read it because it was so boring ! It seemed like it took forever to finish so dont read this book unless you want somthing really , really boring !
 This book is kinda over-rated - it 's by Steinbeck 'n everything but I could n't read past the 20th page .
 WHat a Bad book NO one READ IT !
 i had to read this book for school so i bought it so i could and im normally a really fast reader and my thoughts dont really trail off when im reading but i opened the book and started to read the first page , it took me 5 minutes just reading that one page because i would start thinking of what im gon na do this weekend or whats for dinner and then have to start over cause i could n't remember what i had just read , so in my opinion dont read this book unless you absolutely have to .
 This book was quite possibly the worst book i 've ever had to read . No wait , the worst ever was The Pearl ! What is wrong with Steinbeck ? Why does he feel he needs to kill main characters ? I would seriously recomend that you never read this book ever . If you have to for highschool , I feel extremely sorry for you . In cnclusion I just have to say George , just let Lennie tend the Frickin ' rabbits and Kino , throw the pearl away already !
 I thought this book was pretty dumb . It had no point . It is a wase of money . It is vulger . I do n't like it .
 Before I begin my criticisms , I will mention that my focus of this review is not on my personal preferences regarding characterizations , settings , themes , authors , etc. . I understand that I can not expect all authors to write a story that I personally enjoy and can relate to . Even if the subject matter of Of Mice and Men had interested me , I still would have given the novel a one star rating because of my criticism that I will explain in this review.I am giving this novel a one star rating because it has a lot of vulgar dialogue . There is an average of about 4 profanities per page.Secondly , even if I were to set aside my moral views of this novel , I still would choose to give this novel a one star rating . In my opinion , the plot structure is not all that good . The climax and resolution could have followed directly after the first 1/3 of the novel . There are too many conversations that seem to fill up space with unnecessary dialogue which describes the backgrounds of characters and personalities that do not play a significant role -LRB- if even a role at all -RRB- in the outcome of the story.Furthermore , Of Mice and Men has too many characters for its very simple plot . In my opinion , the advantage to having a lot of characters is to create intricate subplots which play a significant role in the outcome of the storyI do not insist on reading action-packed stories . In fact , I sometimes prefer stories that are mainly comprised of dialogue . However , I do always want to see that there is a CLEAR DIRECTION in the conversations that progressively leads to the climax . In my opinion , the dialogue in Of Mice and Men did not meet these criteria . In fact , mid-way through the novel , I really felt as though the story was approaching a dead-end , and I think that John Steinbeck probably felt the same way . Therefore , he made the climax take a sharp turn off course just so the plot would not slam into a wall.Due to the offensive content and weak plot structure , I do not recommend Of Mice and Men .
 `` hey dortch do i git do dend da wabbits dortch ''
 I gave this book a one star for the cursing ! I was shocked to see that the book has a good amount of cursing and that the school recommended this book to be read .
 `` Of mice and men '' is not a very fun book to read it has very bad racial and verbal langauge . for a book to do a report on it would be a very good selection it definitly shows the characters piont of views by explaining thier body language as you read so you can imagine how they feel . it gives importance of characters by putting them in situations that require them to take action.It is mostly a very good book with very interesting characters .
 Although this book was very well written , I could n't understand it very well . I probably would not have finished it if it had n't been required reading for school . I would think that older kids might be able to undertsand it , but that most of it is too subtle for eighth graders .
 We read this book and my entire class disliked this book even though it 's a classic i think i was wayyyy to young to enjoy this book as many other people did
 I hated the ending of the book , it was awful and depressing . I thought it was going to turn out better !
 Maybe I 'm missing something , but I thought it was really rushed , did n't have a whole lot of content , and the ending was really weird and unexpected . . lol maybe I should have read the cleft notes or something . . -LRB- I 'm in 9th grade , btw . ; -RRB-
 I found the book to be boring . I only read the book because I was forced to by my English Teacher . The book is extremely vulgar . The reason I gave the book one star is because that is as low as I could give it . If you have to Read it , I suggest getting something like the Coles Notes . This book was awful .
 Of Mice and Men had a good begining and a good plot . It would have been a better book if Steinbeck had made it longer and put more effort into it . When you read his books you get the feeling that he started out with this great idea , and then got bored so he just finished the book real quick .
 this book may be easy to study for english literature , being short . However , this story is not interesting in the least , with a plot that builds up and then is thrown away totally at the end .
 In this classic novel , John Steibeck tells the story of two friends in 1930s California . George and Lennie are Itinerant farm workers.They work for making their dream come true , having a farm of their own with animals , etc.The story develops in a farm , where we know many characters , all of them , have dreams.The main theme on the story is dream , But also violence and loneliness are important . All of the characters , are , in extreme situations , where the only salvation is work , and dream . I did not like so much the book , I find it a bit dense , but the story , theme , and how the story is tell , makes the book , a good book , only suitable for Steinbeck 's fans .
 I think that this book was very weak.There should of been more killing.I also think that lennie did the right thing by killing the girl at the end.The book was n't very good.To much swearing .
 I honestly thought that this book by Steinbeck is pointless . It is so short , it really has not plot at all ! Yes , it does show the value of friendship , and offers plenty of bookgroup discussion , but I was not thrilled . It really was much too short to go anywhere .
 The book `` Of Mice and Men '' was a good book because it shows how someone could take care of another person that is n't very intelligent . It shows how someone could not be smart but still work hard . I liked this book because it showed how someone could committ a crime but for a good cause . I would recommend this book for soft-hearted people . Ramone P.The book `` Of Mice and Men '' did n't really interest me because in a way the title did n't really fit the story . Also , the point of the story was not clear . The title did n't fit the story because the whole book was n't about mice and men . The only thing in the book about mice was when Lennie kept picking up mice and having them as pets . This book kind of interested me on behalf of Lennie because he was n't very intelligent ; he was retarted . I recommend this book to any one who is in depth with retarted people . Teaira T.
 This story took place in the Salmos Valley , Californiain a small town called Weed , during the great Depression.Lennie and George were like son and father.Lennie had a mind of a child and George was like his father who always took care of him.Lennie always gave troubles to George , but George understood him because he knew Lennie did n't know what he was doing . Curley was the boss ` son.curley 's wife gave big problem to Lennie.George did something to Lennie , he did n't want to do it , and Lennie also did n't think that he could do something like that to him .
 John Steinbeck who is the author of this book `` Of Mice And Man '' , wrote about the forgotten people like the lonely migrant workers.Lennie and George are two migrant worker with different personalities . Lennie is a huge man with an ironic mind , he all the time gets in trouble accidently , George is a small man , but has a quick mind . These two left Weed to Soledad where they attemped to realize their dreams which is to get their own land and have a good life , not to spend their money at a cat house . Since they are not lonely like the other migrant workers . Lennie and George have each others.This book is wonderful and at the same time sad.I recommand this book because it exlains the value of friendship , how the migrant workers are lonely , how they live and what their dreams are.In this book i love the innocent Lennie as well as George who did his best to protect his only and best friend .
 If you have any experience with Affiliate programs and/or online marketing , this book was really irrelevant for learning anything new . It 's a good introductory book , but that 's about the extent of what its good for .
 It 's not even a book . It 's a photo copied ringed binder . I was surprised that Amazon marketed this as a ligitimate book published by a real publisher . It is an absolute joke .
 There just is nothing new in this book . None of the information is bad , mind you , it just a rehash of similar titles . It never goes beyond the obvious .
 To be honest , I was quite unimpressed with this book . It was a bit interesting , but other than a chapter on being up/down the exchange , it was all things that I may never use in a real game . As well , it did n't provide as many examples of each type of Material unbalance as I 'd like , and , though I like Andrew Soltis as an author , his writing was n't his best here .
 I love Andy Borowitz ' humor in `` The Borowitz Report '' , and always read it . This slim book just does n't have much substance , however . It should have just been used for a couple of `` Reports '' .
 I find Andy B to be a very creative and humorus writer ... his periodic blogs are timely and funny . This effort however is not his best - it 's a joke that goes too long ... loses it 's punch . It 's mainly an opportunistic marketing ploy to take advantage of the Bernie Madoff scandal ... and imprisonment .
 The funniest parts of this book are the ones used to get you to buy it , the rest was lame . I found myself yawning . The only good thing about this book is how small it is , the boredom ends in a couple of hours .
 I laughed a lot at the description of this book but not even once when reading the real book ! All the funny parts were on the cover of the book - nothing left inside .
 Anyone who objects to making light of rape , including prison rape , should refuse to buy this book . If you 're a Christian , ask yourself if laughing at rape is the moral standard you want to uphold . If you 're a humanitarian , vote with your dollar and boycott Borowitz ' glib joke about rape , even the rape of others who have harmed us .
 I found this book offensive , written by someone who has no real knowledge of prison , first hand or second hand . Prison is nothing to laugh about . Author is not even aware that tobacco has been banned in Federal prison for years . Look elsewhere for your laughs or if you need concrete info .
 Sondra Solovay is a lawyer , author , lesbian , feminist , Berkeley-resident and obese person . Tipping the Scales of Justice is Sondra 's activist war-cry describing how disenfranchised obese individuals are in American society . Sondra 's personal politics come out in this book as she complains that `` fat '' people deserve to be accommodated for in every way imaginable . Sondra loves statistics and this book is full of them . Sondra shows that thin women make more money than fat women . Thin women are selected for jury duty more often than fat women , -LRB- so what ? does anybody actually like jury duty ? -RRB- She even goes so far as to label obesity descriminiation as the civil-rights issue of the century . This book attempts to deal with sensitive issues of teasing and hurt feelings but comes off as a long political rant about how everyone should cater to her because she 's overweight . There are better books about the subject , such as those written for the clinical psychology field regarding female body image .
 The content of this book seems to be good , but my problem is that the kindle version has no table of contents , no index and no search function . It is therefore impossible to quickly find the section that you want or the topic you want - you have to page through the entire book until something useful appears . This is a fatal flaw for a reference book .
 I agree with a previous reviewer . The Kindle version is impossible to use , because it has no table of contents or index or any way to look up a term . If you search for `` prime number '' for example , you get 75 hits but there is no indication which one is the definition . Recommend that unless this book is tagged with a table of contents that you stick with the paper copy .
 As the other 1-star review points out , the kindle version has no table of contents , index , or search , making it completely unusable . There are too many rushed , shoddy kindle versions of math books like this .
 Aboout the Indus Valley Civilization , quite a few Achealogists have been writing and this book gives a brief account . However , at pages 116 and 117 she says , `` Parpola identifies the goddess as as Durga ... to whom human sacrifices were made until quite recently , and the kneeling figure is identified as the youthful god known variously as Skanda , Rudra or Kumara , who is bound to the goddess in a sacred marriage that will culminate in his sacrifice '' . It is not clear whether the whole statement is based on Parpola 's observations or only the identification of the figure as that of Durga . Be that as it may , what is the source on the basis of which it is alleged that human sacrifices were made until ` quite recently ' ? There is no report of such a practice by the East India Company men , by Marco Polo , by Ibn Batuta , by Husien Sang or any other foreign visitor to India . `` Sati ' has been described and Raja Ram Mohan Roy had asked the then British Govt of India to legislate against it as illegal and if Human sacrifices were being practiced would he not have objected to that also ? Jane 's statement in regard to the practice of human sacrifices is therefore totally unacceptable . As regards , Skanda being a husband for sacrifice , again , where does she get that fact ? From the insect-world ? Rudra was himself a fierce God all-powerful and trashed Daksha the father of Parvati . His dance and anger shook the world . And he to be sacrificed at the end of a marriage ! Why is such trash being put forward as serious work . Sampath
 Archaeologist Jane McIntosh walks right into the linguistic trap .1 . She agrees that the Indus Civilization should now be seen as theIndus-Saraswati Civilization -LRB- p. 24 , 53 -RRB- . `` But in Indus times , theSaraswati was a mighty river -LRB- p. 53 -RRB- . She cites Griffith 's -LRB- 1890 -RRB- translations of the Rig Vedic hymns regarding the Saraswati River , asquoted by Possehl -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .2 . She approvingly cites Dales -LRB- 1964 -RRB- who has mocked at Wheeler 's 37skeletons as proof that an `` Aryan Invasion '' had occurred -LRB- p , 178 . 179 -RRB- .3 . She draws upon Asko Parpola 's work in connecting the Indusartifacts to the Vedas . Regarding the trefoils on the robe worn bythe famous `` Priest King '' of the Indus , she says , '' This robe was alsomentioned in the Vedas as being worn by kings during theirconsecration . Parpola also argues that the trefoil could represent thethree-lobed hearth , used not only in the home but also in Vedicsacrifices , and the Vulva or womb-the yoni symbol of the goddess Durgaand counterpart to the lingam , symbol of Shiva -LRB- p. 108 -RRB- . `` 4 . She acknowledges that the Indus people had knowledge of astronomy . `` Asko Parpola and a number of other scholars relate this -LRB- thesystematic arrangement of streets -RRB- to the astronomical knowledge ofthe Indus people and to the unknown -LRB- ! -RRB- religious beliefs that must liebehind this -LRB- p. 99 , parentheses added -RRB- . `` 5 . She discusses Parpola 's interpretation of a famous Indus seal -LRB- color plate 10 in the book -RRB- as depicting goddess Durga , her husbandShiva and the wives of the seven sages who are also the seven stars ofthe Great bear -LRB- ref . 116-117 -RRB- .6 . She admits that the discovery of fire alters which were probablyused for Vedic sacrifices has been an embarrassment to the theory thatthe Indus civilization was pre-Vedic . After all this , one would expect her to reach the logical conclusionthat if it walks like a duck , talks like a duck , then . . It IS a duck.That is the Indus and the Vedic people are the same . But hold on aminute ! She bows down the linguistic fables and fails to reach thatrather obvious conclusion . `` Their -LRB- Vedic -RRB- literature shows that they moved gradually from thenorth , on the Iranian plateau , into the Panjab and hence farther intothe subcontinent . . -LRB- p. 128 , parenthesis added -RRB- , '' `` This -LRB- the linguistic -RRB- evidence seems to show that the speakers of theIndo-Aryan -LRB- also known as plain `` Aryan '' -RRB- languages , a branch of theIndo-European language family that covered Europe , Iran and NorthernIndia by the late 1st millennium BC entered the region in the Indusregion during the second millennium BC . . -LRB- p. 128 , first parenthesisadded -RRB- . '' `` The migrations of Indo-Aryan speakers can be traced in their earlyliterature the Vedas . The geographical information that they containshows that the Indo-Aryans -LRB- who it is thought came organically fromthe area north of the Black and Caspian Seas -RRB- entered the northwestduring the 2nd millennium BC and thence moved eastward into the GangesValley ... -LRB- p. 147 -RRB- . `` McIntosh does not mention what this geographical information is andhow it shows the so called movement from northwest to the east . Asarchaeologist she obviously has not found any physical evidence forsuch a movement . Even the strongest proponents of AIT/AMT now agree that the Rig Vedas does not provide any evidence of movement like that , and its geography can be firmly placed in the North west of the Indian subcontinent . The author contradicts herself within a space of few paragraphs ; viz `` Although the Indo-Aryan languages were introduced by invader ... -LRB- p. 202 -RRB- , '' and `` One key aspect of the Indus society as I have reconstructed it , is its absence of violance or military activity -LRB- p. 203 -RRB- . `` One wonders , `` what is so powerful about these highly speculative linguistic theories that grips even informed scholars to passively submit to them in favor of their scientifcally testable methods .
 I am writing this review based on the words of my 4th grade son . He was really excited to get this book as he thought that it was going to be a great story . His grandparents live in TX and he thought that it would be a lot of fun to read a book that takes place where they live.He breezed through the book and then was SOOOO disappointed at the ending . He said that just as the book was getting more exciting , it just ended . He was really wishing that the author could have solved the mystery of the boy ghost.Hope that our next book is a better one . He said that he would NOT recommend this book to a friend .
 And lo ' my children , the lord said unto thee that ... wait a moment ... this is the modern age why am I talking like a medieval preacher ? Maybe that 's because the profoundly stupefying effect that The Viccar of Wakefield by Oliver Goldsmith had on me.The story starts off in a monotone text voice and goes on like that for the entire one hundred ninety nine pages , give or take a few pages depending on version . The story follows a preacher and his family as they fall from grace into poverty . A merchant steals all the money that Viccar Primrose has invested , leaving them poor and forcing them to move out from their home in Wakefield . The book continues and follows the family 's trials and tribulations.This book was extraordinarily hard to read , I would not recommend it to anyone that is not a college level English student , and even then only at your own risk . No words are in quotes , the fourth wall is broken constantly , and the main character just preaches what the author thinks about everything . It is probably one of the hardest books I have ever read , and I am a junior English major in college.The characters are amazingly flat , the plot has some redeeming qualities though . The plot shows how the people of the time lived , had fun , and loved ; not to mention how mothers regarded their children . The ending though was so ... contrived that it ruined whatever interest the main story had.All in all , this story was a waste of time . If you want to learn how things worked in that age , there are plenty of stories that are easier to read , much more accurate , and have less author interruption then this book . Its negatives greatly outweigh its positives , so unless you have to read it , stay away .
 Oh well , sometimes you get the bear and sometimes the bear gets you . Reading the classics can be boring as this classic illustrates . Goldsmith should have kept to poetry and left the novel alone else he would not have produced this mess in the form of a philosophical romance , a loosely constructed story held together by ideas . Rasselas -LRB- Johnson -RRB- and Candide -LRB- Voltaire -RRB- are much better and worth a look . Meanwhile why bother with a story wherein the hero moves episodically from security through trials to the discovery that happiness and what truths we may grasp lie at home and in the human breast . The ideas are quaint and silly . The writing stylized and artificial . The characters impossible . The plot preposterous . You have better things to do with your time - like sleep .
 Holy god , do n't buy this book . It is intensely bad and over-appreciated . 1000 words can not even begin to do justice to the extent of this book 's worthlessness.Clearly , 18th Century vernacular is a hurdle in any book , but I doubt Garrison Keillor could rework this story into something bearable . The story is an exercise in description and banality . There is virtually no inertia or direction to the plot , and characterization is hopelessly shallow.Seriously , do n't get this book . I 'm warning you . I love great literature , and I hate this book . Ok ... `` hate '' is a little rough , but I really , really do n't like it . Try something more enjoyable ; like stapling your hand to your eyelid.Ok , just so I have not wasted all your time , read anything by Wilde or Kafka instead . Read some freaking Mark Twain , for goodness sake . Just lay off the Goldsmith .
 The book and software indicated to me that I can build a 30 foot long 2x6 wall at 8 ' high for $ 54.00 . If anyone uses this book as their only estimating tool , email me so you can build me a house for next to nothing .
 The first part of this book started off pretty good . I was able to do and understand the simple login application . After that , it made me feel pretty stupid . I completely lost focus due to lack of examples and the ever compounding lecture on tough topics . When it came to the final Artimus application , which is basically a huge conglomeration of just about every possible thing you can do , I was completely lost and could n't get it working with WSAD . I gave up , i 'm getting a different book .
 Listen to the other reviews . This book is just an encyclopedia of waste . At least an encyclopedia has pictures and examples ; this book has neither . After the first 2 chapters , it 's all downhill . It is a very frustrating read because there are absolutely no examples . It 's all theory . Do n't waste your money and do n't listen to all the fancy quotes on the book 's back cover . This book just does n't cut it .
 A book from the author of Struts , can you possibly go wrong ? This book shows you can . The book does not have a flow to it , to me it seems just scattered topics piled on eachother . And then , the grand finale , where all you have `` learned '' is applied in a real world type of thing ... By the time it got there , I got so annoyed I did not care anymore . The examples rely on so much non-standard struts stuff , I have trouble with the title even .
 I have purchased and read alot of programming books , and by far this is one of the worst prepared books I have seen . The author drags out the developement of a simple login system over 4-5 chapters . Thank God he provided the code on the web server , as he only give complete code listings on certain classes , and leaves the reader to piece together other classes . After chapter 5 I put it down and went back to the ORielly series were I actual learned something . The book has the information in it if you can put up with the repetive approach and fragmented code . Please re-think and re-write . Not a book for the first time strut user .
 Book is incomplete and full of errors , even simple errors where toString is in the code and not used properly and throws an error - he left off the '' -LRB- -RRB- '' . And we are supposed to learn from someone who can not use toString ? The code from web site does not compile per book instructions . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this , no matter what the paid-reviewers say . This is one of the worst written book , code fragments and no full listing of code . The site provides code that does not compile correctly with vague insrtuctions as if it were going to actual work . Stick with O'Reilly series . Please Ted Husted , find another profession ... -LRB- I picked 1 star because zero was not an otpion -RRB-
 I knew nothing about struts before picking up this book . I know just a little more after having read all that I can stand of it . The book provides very little example code and what it does provide is just in little snippets that do n't really help . I 'm halfway through the book and I ca n't take any more theory without being able to get some basic examples running . I consider this book more of a reference than a learning tool . I am abandoning it in favor of a different book . If you 're new to struts , look elsewhere for a good introduction .
 Not impressed with the Authors ' writing style , at points it really puts you off . Not very good use of wordings/language . You feel it a lot especially when you are an active reader and read good material from good sources .
 This is not a good written book . It looks like that the information is gathered from various sources and put together without explaining the important details . It tells an overview of the struts but fails to explain how and why . Even the elements of struts-config.xml are not explained in thorough detail and how they are related to each other . I would not recommend this book .
 If I have to rate this book , I would rate it below 1 star . This is complte waste of money and I would suggest DO N'T waste your money on this . If you really want to buy book on Struts , go for the one which O'Reilley has . Apart from numberous errors , this book does n't cover anything new other then just basic and that too is not worth reading it .
 This book is a complete waste of time . I had been very skeptical of the technology being only a short-cut for Java web hacks and script-kittys , and I was unfortunately right . Those that can explain how JSP can not TRUELY conform to the MVC methodology , should really read this book . It would serve them right reading this boring drivel instead of actually learning the core J2EE web framework . Ted Husted should be beaten with this book or an actual car strut.I love most of tools that come out of the Jakarta project but here is a suggestion , learn and know each of the tools suggested for MVC impletementations and skip the gimmic tools , like STRUTS , TURBINE , and VELOCITY . In the event you do buy this book , please consider it 's many other uses.I know for me , it has been instrumental for leveling my air conditioner .
 This book is woefully out of date with respect to both struts and the extension packages that the author created and published . Most if not all are deprecated and standard struts components are available to replace them . I made the mistake of developing code for Struts 1.3 using this book as a reference and will end up rewriting the application as a result . There was probably a time where this book made sense and it may have value as a historical reference , particularly to the author 's extensions . But there is no good reason to have this book as your Struts reference .
 I 've read it over and over and I ca n't understand anything . Struts Html Tags are glossed over without examples . Just 2 lines on how to use the tags but the object/bean that it refers to is left to your imagination . If you understand the javadoc that comes with Struts then this will be clear to you but then you do n't need a book . The O'reilly book is 1000 times better.Serves me right for buying a book without browsing and just relying on the reviews .
 Besides having numerous errors in the examples , the book has three nasty characteristics
 As other reviewers have said this book starts out great with a couple examples that lay out the main features and advantages of a framework like struts . I personally like to learn by example -LRB- is there another way ? -RRB- and did like these examples even though I am no big fan of frameworks -LRB- I prefer to start from square one so that I am sure I understand 100 % of what I do and also feel that everything I do is exactly like I want it -RRB- . Unfortunately the book soon changes in an encyclopedic-stylereview where examples are scarce to non-existent , explanationsvery confuse -LRB- I could check this lack of clarity and method looking at the presentation of concept that are absolutely familiar and clear to me like MVC or Tag Extensions or JSTL . . well the book explanations were horribly dull and confusing -RRB- and often to understand the subject presented you should haveknowledge of matters presented later in the book.In conclusion I think this bok might be marginally useful to someoone starting out with Struts . . so if you find it on your colleague 's desk open it . . but as for shelling out the $ $ $ to buy it . . you would be better off investing in ice-creams ...
 The book abounds with incorrect examples . Since the book puports to guide the user to a greater understanding of Struts through the liberal use of examples , the books lack of accuracy is unforgivable . Spending time attempting to work through examples which simply do not work is rather frustrating . One of the selling points of the book is the use of the `` free '' private website where users can interact with the author who is allegedly a `` Struts expert '' . Contrary the the books pronoucement , I 've noticed that most messages go unanswered . In a few rare cases , the author actually answers a question . Mostly he simply instructs users to subscribe to the Struts mailing list . I would like to remind both the publisher and author -LRB- s -RRB- of section xxxii in the chapter entitled `` About This Book '' where it is stated , and I quote `` Purchase of Struts In Action includes free access to a private web forum run by Manning Publications where you can make comments about the book , ask technical questions , and receive help from the lead author and from other users . ''
 Though the book does cover the basics , it failed to be clear and concreate , when it gets into details . There is a huge gap between the `` Simple Application '' of Ch .3 and the `` Artimus Application '' of Ch . 15 . And these are the only two examples in the entire book . Infact to add more to the confusion , the authors started referring to `` Artimus '' in bit and pieces in the earlier chapters themselves . While the reader does n't have any idea at all.There is no simple example , which explains the use of a Database . Rather the authors resorted to the so called `` Commercial-grade application , The Artimus '' . Well it may be of commercial-grade , but does n't help the developer to start quick.And best of all , it uses Scaffold tool set , which you can find , no where else other than the authors ' website . In the Jakarta site , it is yet to be released and right now in `` Sandbox -LRB- Not-Yet-Proposed -RRB- Components '' category . God knows what the authors ' had in mind . Looks like they wanted to emphasise more on there own tool sets -LRB- like scaffold -RRB- than struts actually . Rather it would have been much better , if they have used quite matured DAO like Hibernate , etc.Hope they come out with better examples with more clear explanations in the next edition of the book .
 I bought this book when I started a new job . I had used other frameworks , and was n't familiar with struts.I started off reading through 1st and 2nd chapters . It seemed like there was a lot of detail on the things I already knew about -LRB- the html for the page -RRB- , but it seemed to take a while for the author to get around to explaining the things that I bought the book for -LRB- the actual xml for struts config -RRB- . But hey , I could always use the code examples directly , and it did n't bother me * to * much.After I started my job , though , I needed to be able to reference stuff , especially less common stuff , and there this book absolutely falls on it 's face . It 's often very difficult to find stuff , and when you do find stuff the description is often to vague and lacking the needed details to be helpful , or you just ca n't find a reference to it.For example , I just needed to look up how to tie a form select element -LRB- the drop down box -RRB- to a collection . So I looked in the index for `` select '' . Nothing - no entry at all . So I looked for `` form '' . Again - nothing . What struts book does n't have a `` form '' or `` forms '' listing ?? So I look up html -LRB- you know , as in html : select -RRB- . There 's no html select , but there 's an html : form . So I go to that page - it 's an extremely basic section about creating a basic form . No mention of select.On other topics , even if you can find the section it 's so so vague it 's useless . Take the struts cancel button , for example - the book mentions it , but does n't describe how to use it at all . The one code example that they give is actually wrong - it 's lists javascript that struts automatically puts in -LRB- you should n't type it in -RRB- . Overall I 'm very , very dissapointed in this book .
 during the course of my work , i had to rewrite a monolithic servlet-based web application and decided to use a model 2 mvc architecture for the new design . figuring that it would be quicker to use an existing framework than design and build my own , i decided to use struts based on the quantity of favorable statements i found on the internet . i was -LRB- and am -RRB- _ very _ disappointed with this book.the book starts off with a nice high-level overview of the framework , but then fails thereafter with respect to mostly everything -- from explaining the syntactical nuances , components , absurd case-modification of uri 's and virtual references to resources , etc. , etc. , etc. . . during the course of roughly 3 weeks working with the framework , i have now made some reasonable progress , no thanks to the book , but _ merely _ to brute force -LRB- time-consuming -RRB- trial and error.being a substantial-sized book i expected a thorough treatment of the important details such as mappings -LRB- critically bad explanations -RRB- , errors -LRB- makes it sound easier and more trivial than it turns out to be -- in fact , i still have n't gotten errors to work properly -RRB- , and the massive configuration file to name a few.many of the code snippets and examples fail to provide a context from which to digest them properly leading to more confusion and frustration . considering that husted has apparently worked on the framework itself -LRB- though the team is actually led by mcclanahan -RRB- , i am surprised and disappointed at his inability to explain the framework which he has allegedly helped develop . in addition , shame of craig mcclanahan for not reading this book -LRB- and making them rewrite it -RRB- and lending his name to it .
 Good start . But , sort of slumps downward and never comes back.Might be ok as a reference .
 This book , first published in 1947 , was the first biography of Matthew Henson , the long time associate of the arctic explorer Robert E. Peary , who claimed to have reached the North Pole on April 6 , 1909 . According to the publisher , the author worked `` in close collaboration with Henson '' to tell his story , and the story he tells is the stuff of legends-literally . Much of the circumstantial substance of the book is simply at odds with all existing documentary evidence.On its way to building up Henson 's role in Peary 's expeditions to an unwarranted degree and at others ' expense , including Peary himself , ultimately insinuating that Henson should be credited as the discoverer of the North Pole , Robinson leaves a trail of howlers along the way . In his account of Peary 's 1891-92 expedition , Henson builds Peary 's winter headquarters nearly single-handedly , when it was really a largely prefabricated building designed to be thrown up in a few days . We learn that expedition member Eivind Astrup , who was barely 5 ' 9 '' and weighed 170 pounds , was a `` broad shouldered giant '' ; poor Langdon Gibson , divided into two different people as `` Gibson '' and `` Langdon , '' goes off in different directions in search of his lost companion , John Verhoeff . When it is done , Robinson has the expedition returning to New York instead of Philadelphia , as it truly did . These amazingly elementary gaffs show that Robinson did n't even bother to read Peary 's published record of the expedition , Northward , Over the `` Great Ice , '' but rather relied on the aging Henson 's faulty memory of events already 50 years in the past.Robinson 's account of Peary 's 1898-1902 expedition is hardly better . He has a circumstantial account of a meeting between Peary and his rival , Otto Sverdrup , aboard Peary 's ship , which , in common with many other circumstantial accounts in the book , was an event that never happened . He even allows Henson to claim credit for saving Peary 's life when Peary froze his toes on a journey to Fort Conger in 1899 . Actually , Peary 's surgeon was with Peary on this journey and attended to his injuries , but Henson claims the surgeon never left the ship.Dark Companion also contains `` facts '' that would be a surprise to the scientific literate . For instance , Henson 's observation that `` in the Arctic , the sun at its peak of ascension is rarely more than 10 degrees above the horizon , '' or that `` longitude can not be determined above the 80th parallel . '' He also learn that Henson lost 60 pounds on his journey to the Pole and back . Considering Henson only weighed about 130 pounds , that is a pretty amazing statement in itself.Even events of a personal nature that could only have come from Henson do n't ring true . Although Robinson states that when Henson met Lucy Ross in 1905 `` he was in love for the first time in his life , '' according to Henson 's leading advocate , S. Allen Counter , Henson had in fact been married previously to Eva Flint in 1891 and divorced by her in 1897 . And Henson gives Robinson an account of his childhood that is circumstantially incompatible with the account he had given in his own 1912 autobiography A Negro Explorer at the North Pole . In Dark Companion Robinson quotes the kindly old sea captain who took Henson from the wharves of Baltimore to be his cabin boy as saying to him
 Why does n't someone write an adult book about Matt Henson ? I went looking for a biography of him and all I could find was children 's books , and this one , which is apparently supposed to be an adult book , but is written on about a junior-high level . It seems like one of America 's greatest black heroes should have had an adult biography written about him by now !
 Being one who 's studied the case , for many years and is a practising lawyerI decided to buy the book to see what Juicy Details the uncle has in store.Now first of all , before you even believe the book i suggest investigating on who Raymond Chandler , He is lawyer , with so many cases on him , he ca n't aford to leave the country because they would just send him back here.The only thing that is true is that he is in Fact Jordy Chandler 's Uncle that is about it.Consider the sourceRaymond was not around during the 1993 investigation , He was not on speaking terms with his brother * Evan * currently he has n'ts poken to them in over 12 years!So where did he get this information?simple he did n't ! its made up!The Victor Guiterez catastrophe of 97 was one thing , this is entirely another thing.if you read this well , it plainly repeats the same dribble in `` Michael Jackson was my lover '' that was so slanderous a judge had to bann it from bookstoresRaymond takes an unorthadox approach ... He blames his brother and Jackson for everything ... which is only half correct ... He forgets about the many many many many tapes , by investigators from both sidesTapes that will come forward in this current investigation ... Raymond Chandler just wished to be placed in the spot-light and make some money out of it . . Note i am no fan of Jackson in any way ... im just telling you the truth ... This man is a terrible Lawyer , and quite frankly a horrible Unclewhich is ironic why Jordy lost contact with him and his fathercause they are both Money HungryThe truth is Jordy does not what really happened , Jordy was given Sodium Amytal during the investigation , he 's not sure if he was molested or not . which is the reason he wo n't come forward today.he just wishes to be left alone ... and i believe he should.do not buy this garbage and torment this Man anymoreits cruel
 I love how this guy tries to get attention by using these unfounded allegations . These people are so quick to complain about what MJ did , but they were n't as willing to go to court & testify were they ? They just cashed in as much as they could .
 This book is not worth the poor trees that died or it.The Chandlers are con-artists and bullies . Save your money and seek the truth .
 ok , those of you who are giving this book good reviews are really just buying into sensationalism . look @ one important fact , jordan chandler DOES N'T speak to his family anymore !! and he has n't spoken to any of them since he was 15 !! why ?? he did n't even show up for the trial ... if he was truly molested , why did n't he want to put a criminal away ?? why did jordan chandler leave the country ?? and also , why is raymond chandler trying to sell his book NOW ?? 12 years later ?? you know why , he has absolute no contact with jordan who 's the undeserved cash cow of his family , and raymond is just riding the tabloid book gravy train . and again , before you stereotype that all michael jackson fans are crazed lunatics ... I 'M not a person one who sets people up , I 'M not a person who would conspire to make money off of someone unethically ... I 'M not someone who writes scathing and untrue tabloid books/stories just to make myself a star , I 'M not a person who would celebrate if that other person was harrassed by law enforcement and again , last but not least ... i may be a fan , but i 'm not crazy . I and 200 million other people who have bought michael 's jackson 's albums since the beginning of his career ... the one who IS crazy is someone who would do those above things i mentioned ... and not have a guilty conscience over it .
 Oh my god , this book completely sucks , I mean this book is only for people who dont like Michael Jackson , but everytime I heard this story it 's completely different . If you asked me it sounds like the kids uncle is sexually attracted to the boy.And isnt it kind of weird that this mans story changes everytime he tells it . And let 's be real , if a weirdo supperstar did this to your son you 'd take him to court an expose him for what he is , not take a giant settlement , that only says two things . 1 . money is more important then your childs well-being , 2 . he really was telling the truth , he must have cut them off , cause in the book it says that the dad knew something was going on , but he didnt do anything , he only chose to do something when Michael cut him off . Those stupid people should really plan it out the next time they try to frame a celebrity . So if your a person who enjoys reading books by closet inset case uncles and lies go on and get this book .
 If the authors would have told the story like they said it in court then maybe it would be an interesting book but when they change what they previously had stated UNDER OATH just to sell a book than there 's no point to read it . This book is obviously just the same old lame story whether you like it or not : `` Ex-employee sees the opportunity to make an EASY big bug off his super talented , extraordinary ex-boss . `` As you already know , Michael Jackson 's success was earned by his hard work and not by writing an untrue book about anyone.It 's just sad that to make themselves feel better -LRB- or richer -RRB- there are people who put down , make up lies about others and take advantage of the success of others to make life easier for themselves . However , there are always people willing to do that like the people that enjoyed reading this book.YOU 'RE JUST MAKING THEM RICH ...
 all that glitters ! PFFFT ! yeah right more like all that STINKS!you along with Bob Jones need to realise that Michael Jackson IS AND ALWAYS WILL BE INNOCENT!Money is the root of all evil and you sure are EVIL!Remember that it is with slanderous words you are making your f**king money ! you and your brother , Evan , have ruined your entire familys lives and what for - MONEY ! that is all you are after!Ever since Michael denied your brother the funding for that stupid film project you both knew what you wanted and wouldnt be denied it , no matter what the cost . your family , your own blood relative , your nephew!Your book deserves NOTHING ! You deserve to rot in hell along with Tom Sneddon , Diane Diamond , Nancy Grace , Bob Jones , and Tommy Mattola !
 THIS BOOK IS TRASH ! WILL YOU PEOPLE NOT SEE THAT THE MAN IS INNOCENT ? HE WOULD NEVER EVER EVER DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT . ALL THOSE ACCUSATIONS ARE FALSE AND YOU CRAZY PEOPLE NEED TO SEE THAT WHAT YOU ARE DOING IS WRONG . yOU ALL JUST NEED TO DO SOMETHING TO JUSTIFY THE FACT THAT YOU STOLE MJ 'S LIFE AND MONEY . HIS HARD EARNED MONEY . REMEBER HE STILL HAS REAL FANS AND WE LOVE HIM AND BELEIVE IN HIM . HE IS # 1 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If it was n't already evident that the 1993 child abuse allegations were based on money -LRB- greed -RRB- then the release of this '' tell all '' book certanly clarifies the situation . Let me tell you if my nephew -LRB- or any other relative for that matter -RRB- had ever being abused -LRB- whether or not it was by a celebrity or not -RRB- I AM NOT going to release a book which will bring myself ecomic gain at the expense of my '' damaged '' nephew.This book is full of half truths and whole lies , it amazes me that in '' the home of the brave '' the only way to make a buck is by capitalizing off somebody elses '' missfortune '' . This book is 12years past its sell-by date and the odour is overpowering , the only place for this book is in the trash
 The book is all nonsense . Want to read a book about Michael ? Read Letters to Michael Jackson .
 The byline on this book should be
 This book is full of tabloid lies and speculation . If you really want to know what happened in 93 ' the book to read is `` Redemption '' by Geraldine Hughes . Raymond your book is garbage and you know it . You and your entire family are money hungry greedy people going after MJ to destroy his legacy . The facts about the 93 ' case are out there you just need to seek them . Here is a list of reads and visuals to start with :1 . `` Was Michael Jackson Framed ? '' 1994 GQ article by Mary Fisher2 . `` Redemption '' by Geraldine Hughes about 1993 case3 . `` Michael Jackson Conspiracy '' by Aphrodite Jones bout the 2005 trial4 . `` The Untold story of Neverland '' DVD by Larry Nimmer5 . `` The Visual Documentary '' by Adrian GrantIt is really sad that the media controls people the way they want too . Wake up America the media is keeping the `` TRUTH '' from you by not giving you the whole story .
 I found this book to be interesting . I have read books from all across the spectrum about Michael Jackson -LRB- guity , not guilty , biographies -RRB- . What bothered me about this book is that the author created actual conversations at meetings and situations at which the author was not present . At best , he must have gotten an account of them from his brother , and that is called hearsay . Rather than saying , `` My brother told me ... '' he actually recites conversations as accurately portraying what took place.Regardless , I was rather apalled that the book seemed to confirm that Evan Chandler saw the alleged molestation of his child as an opportunity to get money , -LRB- and the largest amount amount possible -RRB- rather than to obtain `` justice '' . The re-created conversations between attorney Larry Feldman and Evan Chandler show two men gleefully plotting and strategizing how to get the most money out of Jackson . While there are some feeble attempts to justify this , they do not ring true . Actually , this book and Diane Dimond 's `` Be Careful Who You Love '' did more to convince me of Jackson 's innocence than most of the pro-MJ books.And note this book was written in 2004 , after the 2003 accusations . If the story was so important to get out , why was this book not written in the '90s ? Another person attemtping to cash in on Jackson while the interest was high ? And the book was poorly edited
 This book is nothing but a bunch of lies written by another Chandler money grubber looking to cash in on Michael Jackson . Chandler 's own mother never believed Michael abused her son and her testimony in the 2005 trial only helped the defense -LRB- Michael -RRB- . It came out at the trial that even though she was the custodial parent , she has not spoken to her son Jordan SINCE 1993 - the year of the settlement . She also testified that she told the DA in 1992 that Jordan 's father said that Michael was a wonderful means for Jordie never having to worry again . By the way , when asked to describe Michael 's genitals back then , Jordan Chandler described Michael as being circumcised , when he was in fact , NOT circumcised . Given what he `` claimed '' happened , he should have known . If you really want the truth , read Michael Jackson Conspiracy by Aphrodite Jones . This book was written by a correspondent covering the trial for Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly . She went into the trial thinking Michael was guilty and came out realizing he was innocent because she sat in on the trial day in and day out and heard ALL of the witness testimony - including the Arvizos -LRB- the second accusers -RRB- , George Lopez 's , Jay Leno 's , Macaulay Culkin 's , Jordon Chandler 's mother -LRB- the first accuser -RRB- and Martin Bashir 's -LSB- -LRB- who made that twisted `` documentary '' that led to the initial investigation - by the way , YouTube - Take Two The Footage You Were Never Meant To See and see the real Michael . Bashir was just another money grubber out to make Michael look bad -RRB- -RSB- . Michael Jackson Conspiracy by Aphrodite Jones is based on what she personally witnessed in court and the court transcripts . It is mind blowing to say the least and proves Michael 's innocence . It also proves that even though Michael was facing 60 years in prison , that Martin Bashir , whom Michael trusted to do fair documentary on him , refused to answer questions for the defense that could have helped Michael . All he had to do was answer the questions truthfully but he refused and kept asserting his right as a journalist not to answer . Not only was he willing to brand Michael a child molester - but when it got so far out of hand that it could n't be stopped , Martin Bashir refused to help Michael by simply answering the defense questions honestly . The only victim in either case was Michael Jackson . Read Michael Jackson Conspiracy by Aphrodite Jones and learn the TRUTH . The love of money is truly the root of all evil .
 I purchased this book seeking the truth . What I got sounded more like the unibombers manifesto.It spends most of the book making Evan Chandler 's excuses for his delusional behavior . It nitpicks at every remark while quoting peopel that had an axe to grind , fired employees mostly . What it does do is give a first hand report to the fact that Evan Chandler actually did plant false memories in his sons head during a dental procedure.I say if you are only interested in the ravings of a madman read it , but be sure you understand it for what it is . It is actually the confession of a father who sold his son out in an attempt to become rich.He even confesses that it took more thant an hour after the dental proceedure and the confession of lying about what he knew saying that he had the bedroom bugged to produce the desired effect of false memory . Jordan if you are out there please go to see a qualified professional to right this thing in you mind , it is the only way for you to find the peace of mind you need and become a whole person again .
 `` All That Glitters '' is an interesting story , but a lot of it is conjuncture and mostly speculation on the author 's part . Keep in mind , the keyword is `` story '' . Raymond Chandler admits that he had no contact with his brother -LRB- the father of the boy who made an allegation against Michael Jackson nearly 16 years ago -RRB- , yet he has enough opinions and `` facts '' to fill up an entire book . What is questionable is even by the author 's own account -LRB- and this is not a pro-Michael book -RRB- he shows how money-motivated and greedy his brother was . It was both perplexing and auspicious to read how supposedly the child 's parent basically let his son do whatever he pleased and then cooked up the scheme to soak Michael Jackson out of funds . The author also details how the father was very interested to have Michael finance his screenplay which may explain why the father turned on him when it was never sold . Since the recent and tragic death of Michael Jackson reports have begun to circulate stating that Raymond Chandler 's nephew denied all of the '93 allegations . I would like to know what the author thinks about this . The only thing this book proves is that Michael Jackson was too trusting as far as greedy and money-hungry people were concerned .
 I was just wondering if I could please have my money back . When is this man going to confess that his brother worte this while the whole thing was going on if not before.All I can say is YUCK .
 Not another book telling lies about Michael Jackson . I am bored of people writing crap about him all the time.I actually find it amusing that Jordy 's own uncle had to go as far as to write a book against Michael Jackson just to make money . Leave Michael Jackson alone , he is innocent . People will do anything for money these days . Why do n't we all just get together and write a big book of lies about Michael Jackson , sell it , and then sue the man himself for doing nothing , then we would all be rich ! Raymond , using his own nephew 's court case to get money is so low . Michael Jackson has been through enough already with his recent court case that was full of lies ! His reputation has been degraded enough and does not need this little preppy book to make matters worse ! I can not believe this book is based on a court case that died out in 1993 ! People , you need to open your eyes , this book is full of lies and is not worth one penny . This book is just another anti-michael jackson book just to get money . Raymond Chandler should be ashamed of himself , trying to ruin the reputation of someone successful . When i saw this book i thought it was a joke ! The money used to produce this book could have been used for charity , instead , it was used to waste paper and time . The only person i would recommend this book to would be Jay Leno because the jokes he would come up with about the book would be at the same level . Michael Jackson is a good person , leave him alone - what did he ever do to you ? This book is disgusting as it demonstrates the length some people will go in order to get money . It 's actually pretty funny , trying to make money by selling a fake story about Michael Jackson . Next , people will be saying that Michael Jackson molested his pet chimpanzee ! i bet that will sell heaps ! This book is just another anti-michael jackson book and will continue to go unnoticed like the others . I hope to never see the cover of this book again . Reviewing this book seems a waste of time as the book is a bunch of lies and is unjust . Shame on the Arvizo 's , Diane Dimmond and the rest of that pack .
 To the reviews that are claiming this book is the absolute truth , how do you know ? You have a Uncle here that has not talked to this kid in over 12 years ? Was not in the picture when the kid was hanging out with Mr. Jackson . You have a family here that extorted money from Michael jackson plain and simply . Thats why this kid now an adult refused to testify in the 2005 court case . To the readers who really believe this book ask yourself if my child was molested would I take $ 20 million and let the person run free to molest others ? I for sure would n't ! Food for thought !
 This book is a total waste of time an money . I have to read it with my English class for 7th grade and it is just plain stupid . Trust me there is alot of other books out there that are much better than this . This is the worst book I have read in years . It is just so unrealistic , Beowulf defeating a monster Grendel -LRB- which has already killed hundreds of men -RRB- not using his sword but his own hands ?!? How naive and stupid is that ? Besides I think I heard a story like this a hundred times before . Trust me , you do n't want to waste your time , or your monwy on this book .
 Robert Nye has rewritten the Beowulf saga into a nice little stand-alone fable , but it is so far from the original text that it is a disservice to new readers . Nye had his own idea of what the theme of Beowulf should be , but the original text does not support his theme , so Nye rewrote it until it did -- and then he crams the theme down the reader 's throat as though it 's the central point of the entire Beowulf saga . Nye 's theme is that we should embrace our weaknesses and thereby make them our strengths -LRB- huh ? -RRB- , and he demonstrates this through Beowulf 's nearsightedness and disproportionately short legs , neither of which are in the original text.Nye 's liberties with the original include making the Dane warrior Unferth a villain -- in the original , Unferth is at first jealous of Beowulf 's courage until he sees it first-hand , at which point his jealousy turns to respect , and Beowulf respects him in return . In Nye 's version Unferth is a treacherous villain throughout -- for example , in the original it is Grendel 's mother who kills the king 's friend Esher , but in Nye 's version Unferth stabs him in the back . According to Nye , Unferth is then killed by Grendel 's mother ; in the original Unferth gives Beowulf his own sword to fight Grendel 's mother , and this is the scene where Unferth and Beowulf become friends . Nye took a great supporting character and turned him into a cardboard villain.I could go on listing ways in which Nye damages the saga , but I will instead cut to his most heinous crime -- Beowulf versus the dragon . In the original text , Beowulf gathers a band of his best warriors along with his friend Wiglaf to battle the dragon . When they see it , the warriors turn and run away in fear , and Beowulf attacks the dragon with only the loyal Wiglaf behind him . Beowulf succeeds at the cost of his own life , and dies at Wiglaf 's side . In Nye 's version , Beowulf is a part-time beekeeper , and he kills the dragon by having a bag of bees fly down its throat and sting it to death from the inside -LRB- I 'm not making this up -RRB- . There is no battle . Beowulf is never injured . Beowulf then simply dies on the mountain for no apparent reason other than his age.I bought this book to read to my kids , but there is no way I will ever read it to them . It is a very easy read -- Nye tells a lively little tale , and his idea of using bees to kill the dragon is smoothly set up throughout the story -- but the major points of this so-called `` new telling '' are all Nye 's , and run counter to the themes in the original . Anyone who reads this and thinks they 've read Beowulf is VERY sorely mistaken , and their mistake will be immediately obvious to anyone who is familiar with the original text .
 Rather than offering my own opinion of this book , I will give you a few brief quotations describing the major characters and allow you to decide for yourself if this book is worth reading . Author Robert Nye describes the character of Beowulf as `` weak and sickly '' in his youth and `` below average size '' as an adult . He also describes Beowulf as `` short sighted . '' He claims that Beowulf `` admits to his weaknesses '' and is `` not given to boasting . '' This begs the question
 In many ways , this Beowulf is a lot of fun for kids . The writing is direct and clear -LRB- although there are plenty of vocabulary stretchers -RRB- . The action is fun . Beowulf 's heroism is unquestionable.But , I do n't understand why one would publish a Beowulf retelling and stay just close enough to the original to be confusing -LRB- as opposed to John Gardner 's wonderful Grendel , which told the story from the monster 's perspective -RRB- . The most disturbing divergence was making Unferth a petty bad guy in enamored of evil . In doing so , Nye sacrifices much of the nobility of the original.I do n't know if there are other kid-friendly tellings of this story . But , I would look for one of those , first .
 This version of `` Beowulf '' should NOT be compared , at all , to the original text of `` Beowulf '' . Students should not be taught that THIS story , as re-created by Robert Nye , is reflective of the `` Beowulf '' written about 1000 AD . The story developed and shared for hundreds of years is characterized by Christian concepts and ideals . This version , written by Robert Nye , reflects our societies overwhelming desire to rewrite history , de-Christianizing it as they go along . Robert Nye has replaced the Christian God of the original `` Beowulf '' with the mythological Viking god `` Odin '' . The original `` Beowulf '' tale supports the historical significance that Christian beliefs and ideas had on the overall society of England and throughout Europe . Robert Nye has done a great injustice in adjusting an historical document to reflect his own convictions , or lack thereof .
 Beowulf , by Robert Nye is one of those books that really did n't appeal to me . In my opinion , it is a very exciting story that has been poorly written . For example , throughout the entire story , I did n't feel like the author put any effort into truly defining the characters . The way I interpreted it , the characters were either good or evil , and were never conflicted about what to do . That makes for very shallow reading . Beowulf was simply good . His character was too classically heroic for my taste . His characterization made the story seem like a fairy tale . In any form of storytelling , the teller usually adds some uncertainty in the characters to give the entire tale real meaning . For instance , I knew nothing about Beowulf , so the fact that he died just meant that I did n't have to read anymore . That generally is n't the sign of a book that has been greatly enjoyed . At the beginning of the book , the author has giving the readers a sort of genealogy rundown . That is not characterization ! It does n't really matter whom someone 's mother or father is if they have no effect on the story ! In my honest opinion , the piece of genealogical information gave better characterization than the whole tale put together . Unfortunately , those characters were not used , so the readers were not given something even slightly resembling character depth . Another gripe I have about this story is the gore . Normally I am not bothered by gory stories , but I find it very hard to read pointlessly bloody tales . The only thing the blood did for me was distract me from the lack of decent characters . Actually , if the blood had had some point , I would have probably loved the truly vivid imagery . This particular author seems to be very good at creating a scene , but lacks the ability to bring characters to life . I also thought that Grendel was a pointless addition to this story . All Grendel ever did was slaughter humans -LRB- there we get truly glorious , horrific imagery for the first time -RRB- . And although it was a preamble to the rest of the story , I happen to think that that was the part I could actually consider somewhat akin to decent storytelling . The Grendel had no real motivation , true . But its profile was the closest thing to characterization anywhere in this story . But I continually found myself wondering why Grendel was n't kept around longer , and why the author simply moved on to another piece of the story . Even if Grendel had to die at one point , I think that if the author had highlighted its part in the story more , the overall reading would be more pleasant . My ideal version of this book would have a more lengthy version of the battle with Grendel , and less of the creature 's mother and the dragon . It is n't that the other two are n't major aspects in the story ; it 's just that , as I 've said before , without characterization , their parts seemed pointless.During one part of this story , I was actually able to feel the full effect of decent storytelling . It was near the end , when Beowulf is combating the dragon . I liked how his own bees not only killed the dragon , but himself as well . For some reason , it seemed like a fitting end
 I hate to say this about a classic , but -- I found this book incredibly boring .
 I have to admit , from the outset , that I am not a Mac person . I am a PC tech trying to service one of the only Mac 's I will probably work on this year . I have a copy of the Mac Bible . It is huge ! That 's not bad if it is useful . The problem I am having is finding what I need while I have to wade through the barrels of verbage that are useless to me . I finally had to resort to scouring the Web to find my answers . I guess I 'm used to the more direct , almost cookbook approach to troubleshooting and setup . To be fair , and thats why I gave the book two stars instead of one , I realize that the different chapters are written by different authors , so the content and style will vary . Unfortunately for me the sections I needed were written by authors I would rather not consult in the future .
 First of all , I have to say Alice Adams is -LRB- was , alas -RRB- one of my favorite writers . Of short stories . Not novels . I was thrilled to have won a short story competition to be in one of her workshops . To me , almost all of her stories are perfect . I can read them over and over . Her novels , however , are a different story . Rich Rewards has its rewards and there is something intriguing about Second Chances . But all the others left me disappointed . A disaster . Which is how I saw `` After the War '' from page one . Ridiculous characters . A mess . I would rather that my memories of Alice Adams did not include this awful work .
 This book has all the right ingredients to make a delicious dish
 During the time I lived in Spain , I remember vividly tuning into the tertulias that were on every day , often featuring famous writers like Cela or Marquez commenting on issues of the day . I marveled over the fact that unlike in our American talk shows , they actually ate food , had coffee , and really got into their conversations in an in-depth manner.Thus it was with much anticipation that I picked up this book which features a group of woman who meet in a tertulia fashion to discuss everything from beauty and dating to betrayal and loss . Our narrator is the only non-Latina , but she fits right in since she speaks Spanish and relates to the culture . The others hail from various professional fields . Maybe I was expecting too much , but I was slightly disappointed . I never felt that I learned enough about any one person to care that much about what happened to her . Therefore , I found myself feeling somewhat detached even through various tales of illness and infidelity . The narrative is a bit scattered and does n't hold together at times . There is very little in the way of real character development . A good first novel with some promising scenes .
 Because , like the author , I also have a degree in Spanish literature , I was thrilled at the prospect of the cozy revelations the title of this book promised . The tertulia is a delightful hispanic custom , and this book appeared to promise a good read providing women 's wisdom with a Latin perspective . Perhaps what hobbled this book and led to its disappointing delivery was its forma , which read like dull notes taken by a stenographer who , when later going back to transcribe and summarize the proceedings of the meetings , interjected her own shallow reflections and intrusive didactic comments . The characters accordingly never came to life -- they remained flat and one-dimensional . We never really got to know them any more than we 'd get to know the attendees of a board meeting by their names and summarized viewpoints in meeting notes . For all the promise the title of this book hinted , its lack of dimension and character development made it a tedious concoction that falls flat and fails to instruct or inspire . It never manages to convey the spirit of a real life tertulia where real blood and guts women share amongst themselves the vicissitudes of real life .
 I had read a positive review of this book and , as a Hispanic woman , I was excited to see a subject close to my heart treated in a novel . However , pages into The Sunday Terulia , I was sadly disappointed by the style and content of the book . While I feel the idea of capturing a conversation , especially one ongoing over many years struck me as original and exciting , the author does a poor job of rendering the story believable . Much of the dialogue between the friends seems forced and trite and not at all the way I remember the kitchen table conversations of my mother , grandmother and aunts , as I was growing up in South Texas . Moreover , the narrorator asks the reader to accept her own assertions without giving us reason . For example , the narrorator mentions and over how intelligent these women are without demonstrating it through the dialogue . The author comes closest to authenticity when the characters tell stories from their own lives but even those are somewhat strained -- one of the women always shimes in with a recollection of a friend or a friend of a friend who had a similar experience . The only two stories that seemed to `` work '' were the personal ones of poverty and marital infedelity shared by two of the women . I have experienced the connectedness , comeraderie and closeness of female friendships . I have walked away from such gatherings feeling that I had participated in something mystical and miraculous -LRB- with a small `` m '' -RRB- . With that in mind , I was sadly disappointed by Ms. Carlson 's novel .
 This novel was a huge disappointment . The idea -- of mostly Latino women coming together to discuss the vicissitudes of life -- is original , but the novel just sputters along . Part of the problem is that the dialogue is reduced to idle chatter and the narrator remains aloof and -- do I dare say it -- boring . The reader never gets a sense of how the advice of the Latino women influences her life in any deep way . The writing , also , is a disappointment
 I minored in Spanish , was an exhange student in Madrid and embrace many aspects of Latin culture and devour lots and lots of Latino and Hispanic Lit . The idea for this book had so much potential , but the novel just does n't work . It 's hard to believe or get into the voice of the narrator , Claire , an adult young woman character because she comes off girlish , shallow , and wholly boring , and the Latina characters were just too superficially written to retain my interest and were unbelievable because they lacked depth and human oddities and characteristics that make characters in literature so memorable . The women either come off too saintly to believe or stereotypical . The concept for the novel was great , but the writer fails because this novel does n't have ironies , interesting drama , complex personality contradictions within the characters , a fresh or provocative writing style , believable epiphanies , or any treats the reader can take away with her/him .
 I was soooo looking forward to reading this book but it just did n't do it for me . I was intrigued by the meetings of women of various generations and the Spanish -LRB- food -RRB- theme -- just the right mix for me , so I thought . It just dragged and never made me feel involved or care about the characters . : -LRB-
 that this is an author who ca n't write very well . His ideas , as I mentioned before , are great.The story of a nonconformist who refuses to join the ` gods ' on a planet populated by former Earthlings . The initial settlers have developed their technology to a point where they have godlike powers ; they are capable of transmigrating when their bodies grow old , they have the power to project sadness , energy or destruction . The regular inhabitants are kept in awe of these gods , who have taken Indian names -LRB- Vishnu , Shiva -RRB- and recreated the Hindu pantheon . In comes Sam , one of the first ones , who refuses to become a ` god ' and wants the regular people to share in the technological gains of the gods.I loved the world Zelazny created but found myself utterly bored by the way he tells a story . He has no sense for dialogue or character . He will describe people in list format -LRB- He had blond hair . He was good with cats , that kind of thing -RRB- ; then they disappear from the story . The development of the action is brilliance mixed with teenage upmanship . The dialogue is full of trivial lines that go on and on and shed absolutely no light . At the end , everything is confused and rushed , full of sound and fury - noise masquerading as climax . If I had to describe Zelazny I would call him a brilliant teenager at heart who never developed his gifts . Too bad , 'cause he could have been great .
 It just did n't hit the spot for me . I found the whole religious thing to be irrelevant . The exoctic mystical eastern religious fascination came across as being dated to me , a bit of a hippy/60s thing . And because of that , I was not really motivated to suspend my disbelief . It all seemed like magic rather than science , and therefore just a bit silly . If the story and the characters had resonated with me , maybe I would have liked all the battles and action at the end , but it all came across as a bit Bruce Willis-esque . I did like the line `` the fit hit the Shan '' , though .
 This book has an interesting premise . People have become Hindu gods . They can re-incarnate themselves . They are ruling a planet inhabited by their descendants , whom they keep in the stone age.The problem is that it 's almost incomprehensible . Most of the book is apparently a flashback , but the transition to the past is confusing , and there are references to an even further past , so you can never tell what time period you are in . It appears that only the first and last chapters are the present time.Most of the characters are confusing , too . They appear without introduction or development and it 's hard to remember who is who or why they relate to each other . A lot of these characters have super powers , but the powers are not well explained , so when they have battles it 's hard to figure out who is doing what or why.There are quotes at the beginning of each chapter . Some of them purport to be out of Hindu or possibly Buddhist scriptures . I wondered whether they really were scriptures . If so , why does the story parallel real scriptures ? The description of the book on the cover says that these are people who came from a long-vanished Earth ; BUT the book does n't say that at all . You wonder whether instead the book is hypothesizing a science fiction explanation for the Hindu religion here on earth.The connections between chapters are also confusing , so that the story line is even harder to follow.It 's also hard to follow the motivations of the main character , Sam . This is possibly because it 's never clear which when he is in.You have to wonder what happened to the concept of editors .
 I 'm afraid that I must agree with the comments of ` Tedious ' below . Apart from a wonderful idea for the theme of this novel -LRB- eastern religion meets western technology -RRB- their was not enough character or plot development to sustain my interest past the half-way mark . This book has been praised as an influence by some very great authors , but I must assume it was the theme and not the narrative itself that caught their fancy . The narative reads like a poor translation . Really bad style . A few funny moments ... but overall , a very dissapointing book for me considering it 's high falutin ' reputation . I 'll stick with Huxley , if and when I seek enlightenment .
 Now maybe I 'm just dumb , but I found this book incredibly tedious to read . I could live with the vague religion , the convoluted story line , the cheesezy references to `` old earth '' , even the dense and overly decriptive paragraphs that yield little in the way of plot or character devlopment . I slogged though all that and at the end of it we find out very little about `` sam '' or what he was doing this whole time except that he is fighting a civil war againist the gods . I could go on and on , but basically do n't waste your money on Lord of Light .
 I like to read both science fiction and fantasy . I like SCIENCE in my science fiction , and I like fantasic environments , strong characters and unique magic in my fantasies.Lord of Light was recommended to me by two seperate people when they found out I like science fiction . THey asked what types of science fiction I like and what authors . Both these people are widely read in science fiction , and were familiar with all the authors and books I names , such as Heinline , Asimov , C.J. Cherryh , Clark , Peter Hamilton , Jules Verne , ect , so when they both recommended this book , I was excited to have a new book to read . I have to say I was very disappointed . In my opinion , Lord of Light IS NOT science fiction , but fantasy , and in the realm of fantasy , I find it poorly done . There is no hard science , but rather a convoluted mix of religion and sketchy technology , so in my opinion , that is a big fat fail on the science fiction scale . As a fantasy , it has sterotypical , shallow characters , a exagerated and cartoonish religious system rather than a unique magic system , and the world is barely rendered in minimal description , very minimal.The plot is very confusing , but not terribly hard to figure out , as it skips around in time without explination , warning or identifying marks . I also found the plot rather predictable . Information regarding past , present or future happenings is something discussed in rather lengthy conversations that I found unnnecessary and boring . THe characters are barely described , and we are given a list of attributes , almost litterally , a list , a paragraph of sentences depicting physique , accessaries , attitude . I find this rather lazy writing . This book is all tell and no show . I 'm told what is going on or what something looks like rather than shown , and as a result , I felt zero involvement in the plot or characters , cared not at all for any of them , and ended up skimming the last parts of it to be done with it.I was also irritated by the only female `` god '' and only real attempt at a female character in the book . She has gone from young , slender and beautiful to older , `` matronly '' , `` manly '' in facial feature and over weight , a transormation that is depicted as unfavorable . She is a goddess of `` love '' and her temple is essential a whore house , and actually called a whore house , to which she takes minimal and fussy offense , although in the very next moment , she relents saying she can not remain angry with the offender and proceeds to continue eating . At one point she says it takes all her lessened powers to `` put on a pleasing form '' , and she says it regretfully as if it is of great importance during their struggles and evasions and offensives against the powers that be . This book was written many years ago , but I still find such renderings of women irritating and it detracted form an already lacking story.The only thing the story really had going for it was an interesting mix of religion and technology that could have made for a facinating read if it had been fleshed out and presented better . The bits of the story I did linger and read with interest were the descriptions of the strange religious machines or prayer generators . But a 5 star sci-fi novel ? For this reader , not even close .
 Okay , the 1960s were a crazy , drug-oriented counterculture time of the last century . That may explain why this novel won a 1968 Hugo Award for the best novel , and also was nominated for the Nebula Award too . I still shake my head over this . Let me explain : I loved some of the short stories of Roger Zelazny from the 50s and 60s . In my effort to read the list of novels that are actual winners of these awards , I finally got to this thing . Lord of Light is a glitzy and rambling tale of the battle of the titans on a faraway Earth-like world where a bunch of super-powered beings fight it out over the control of the lesser inhabitants of their world . Immediately you get to be totally immersed in the pantheon of the Hindu gods and their nefarious deeds everywhere . Reading this novel is like being transported into some magical age of the Indian continent , date unspecified . The battles and devious plans of these semi-divine creatures is everywhere , on every page . It is as if Zelazny decided
 Maybe I would have loved this when I was in college ? My 13-year-old son turned me on to this book . He loved it but to be honest , the first half of the book seemed to be intentionally confusing and unexplained . I was too tired to take the rest of it seriously . I sped through it slowing down to wonder about the significance the character spouting the sermon on the mount near the end . I 'm giving it two stars to show my lack of enthusiasm in the first reading . Since my son liked enough to get the hardback for his ` best books ' collection , I feel bound to give it another chance some day .
 This book was very interesting and real from the begining until his relationship with Tina . Ike was definitly an important part of the history/creation of Black Music/Rock 'N Roll . That 's why I give his book two stars.However , when Ike starts to discuss Tina , it gets confussing . One needs to take notes in order to keep up . He 's constantly contradicting himself and blaming Tina for his actions . That 's an abuser . I 've found that you have to take whatever Ike Turner says with a grain of salt . Over the years , either on tv , print media , Tina 's book , then his own book , Ike 's story is always changing . It 's gone from he only slapped her , he only hit her once , to he never hit her at all . However , the story from Tina -LRB- and others -RRB- has always been the same . There are definitely two sides to every story and the movie `` What 's Love '' totally had some facts mixed up , but Ike needs to get one story and stick with it.I was also disappointed with the contribution by Little Richard . I was confused because since I 've been alive , this man -LRB- rock music 's own Richard Simmons -RRB- has argued and insisted that he is the `` architech of rock 'n roll '' . Hey , no argument here . But suddenly , Ike Turner writes a book and Little Richard now says that Ike is the architech . And Ike did record what is considered the first rock record , `` Rockket 88 '' . What really got me though was when Little Richard insulted Tina . Is it me , or is that unprofessional ? Ike is always saying that he has nothing against Tina , but he allowed these insults to be printed in his autobiography-in which he claims that he has no career because of her . Will it ever end?I would recommend this book only if you have nothing else to read and you 've borrowed it from the public library . However , there are several other books on the history of Rock music/Black music that are much better .
 I have to start this review clearing a few obvious things . First , most people are aware that the film WHATS LOVE GOT TO DO WITH IT does have inaccuracies , and yes , there are two sides to every story , BUT ... That out of the way , I read much of TAKIN ' BACK MY NAME with my mouth open in disbelief . Ike IS recognized as a pioneer in Rock-n-Roll , no denying , and of course we should take that into account , but genius does not justify the monster that even he admits that he was . For those who credit him for admitting it , its really hollow praise - I mean , he had NO CHOICE but to admit it - if he tried to deny it , he would have countless witnesses to the abuse , adultery , drugs etc. who would tear him to shreds!As a read , this is definitely fascinating , although frustrating in its context and confusing in its narrative -LRB- Ike is apparently not a slave to chronology -RRB- . He seems to contradict himself at various points , and even seems a bit out of touch at other times -LRB- does he really think Tina would reunite for a reunion tour ??? The Supremes couldnt even do it , and Ike thinks that Tina 's gon na ??? LOL -RRB- My main problem was the subject matter - it is so difficult to have compassion for the author , even in light of his declaration of mistakes . If you can get past it , you may enjoy this book ... PS . for the prior entries who ridiculed Tina for staying with Ike so long , have you even considered the possiblity that she may have been fearful of what he might do ? Its much easier to make that statement if you 're not actually in the situation ...
 Oh where do I start ? I decided to read this book because I was obsessed with the movie `` What 's Love Got to Do With It '' . I just wanted to see what Ike had to say . When I first opened the book and began to read Little Richard 's foreward I was immediately taken aback . There were so many spelling errors . For instance , he spelled tires `` tyres '' . I thought it was me so I continued reading , only to find that Ike did the exact same thing . You would think that the editor would have caught words like organiser and kerb . Ike talked about his relationship with Tina and he switched back and forth . It was very confusing . In one part he said that he was proud of Tina . The next chapter he said that he was upset with her and that she had lost her `` blackness '' ; or that she forgot where she came from . -LRB- And oh by the way how are you not black anymore ? * lol * -RRB- I thought that it was wonderful that he claimed his demons in this book . That he owned up to be a avid drug user . However that was it . If you want to hear about almost every sexcapade that Ike Turner ever had , the hole in his nose , and how he made everyone a big star , this is your book . However if you want to get a book that explains what really happened purchase I , Tina . Otherwise you will shake your head in disbelief and giggle often !!! Did he take back his name ? I think Not !!
 First of all , Ike is doing the very thing that Tina always said he would do . Ike Turner will never admit to what he did to Tina . Tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like `` all the others . '' Ike took advantage of her . Tina her self said she cared very much for him . Cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince Tina to leave him . Even the girls that danced with Tina on stage had whitnessed what happened.Tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career , she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on . So she released her autobiography in 1986 , well after her come-back in 1984 . While Ike can try to deny it all he wants , the truth is he violently abused Tina ! And considering the person Ike Turner is , I would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back !!!
 In this sad excuse of a memoir Ike Turner tries and tries and tries to convince us that he is a good person . WRONG ! Instead he comes off as a psychopathic obsessive fool who ruined the best thing in his life when he destroyed his relationship with the wonderful TINA . He also jumps back and forth with his opinion on TINA but hey who cares ? We must remember that HE BEAT HER UP and like the old saying goes `` A leopard can not change its spots '' or to quote Marlo Thomas on `` Friends '' `` once a cheater always a cheater '' Take that , Ike .
 OK I MADE THE MISTAKE OF BUYING THIS BOOK AND I COULD BELIEVE WHAT I WAS READING . I THINK THAT IKE IS TRYING TO MAKE ALL TINA FAN BELIEVE THAT TINAS BOOK IS A LIE IN IT SELF . BUT I DONT THINK SO BECAUSE WHAT REASON WOULD TINA HAVE TO LIE ABOUT SOMETHING LIKE THIS . SO TO CLOSE THIS REVIEW I WANT TO SAY `` TAKE IT FROM ME THIS BOOK IS NOT WORTH 1 RED CENT '' .
 He definitely was not served life on a silver spoon . I do n't begrudge him with the way he views everything as anti-Black , or anti-Ike because I 'm sure I would feel same way if I had a life like that.I still think he was one of the best band leaders we 've had . One of his viewpoints is something I noticed as a teen . You walk into a record store and the white groups are in the Rock section and black groups are in Soul or R&B ; even though the music is often indistinguishable . Ike is recognized as recording the first song that was called `` Rock and Roll '' . His records were never in the Rock section of the record store . It is a shame , I expect the problem still exists today.The book is n't very well written . It gets mired in the details , goes on and on and on and on , and has some sections that are in extreme poor taste in my opinion . I found myself skipping ahead . I do n't appreciate a book that I ca n't share with my teenage sons . I do n't think they add to the story , and they certainly do n't leave me thinking that Ike 's name needs taking back . I see why Tina left him now.I 've recently read a Kiss biography and a Rolling Stones biography . I love music , I love stories about the music business , but the business is full of rot and ruin . I 'm done with biographies of musicians !
 A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY . THERE ARE NO PICTURES FOR IDEAS AND THERE ARE BASICALLY NO HOW TO 'S FOR THE DO IT YOURSELFER . I WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK . I ACTUALLY TOSSED THE BOOK BECAUSE IT WONT BE USEFUL IN ANYWAY . I SHOULD HAVE GONE TO A BOOK STORE . LESSON LEARNED .
 I read a review of this book at woodworker 's gazzette and it was really positive . So I ordered the book and it arrived last week.This book is cursury in its treatment of the topic and has no answers to any of the questions I was interested in . For example there is no discussion of stone tiles , heating systems for tiles , width of groutlines . This book is embarrasing . I have a book from Home-Depot on tiling that is superior to this one in simple answers to simple questions.My advice - avoid this book and look elsewhere for your info .
 The details of Trotsky 's fanatic terrorism and butchery , and his deceit about it within his falsified `` History of the Russian Revolution '' , only fully emerged in the latter part of the 20th Century . Much was concealed even by his enemy Stalin , as it would have exposed Lenin , Trotsky 's boss , as complicit . Trotsky was basically Lenin 's enforcer and executioner . For example , his violent fist-shaking `` take no prisoners '' speech to the drunken mob in front of the Winter Palace in October 1917 , defended only by a woman 's brigade and troop of boy cadettes , led to unnecessary rapine slaughter . This event was white-washed also by the later propaganda films of Sergei Eisenstein , which distorted the violent Bolshevik coup against human freedom into something heroic . Trotsky lied to the Kronstadt sailors defending the remnants of the early Russian democracy to get them to surrender , and then had most of them shot , unleashing the Red Army to pillage Petrograd . As Generalisimo , he sent the Red Army across large areas of Russia to terrorize and murder the remnants of the democratic Soviets , stomping out all opposition to Bolshevism in what was little more than a prelude to the Red Terror and gulag death-camps . His conduct and advocacy of violent and global `` War Communism '' indicates , had he succeeded in the power struggle against Stalin , there would have been little difference in Soviet policies or behavior . For example seeTrotsky
 If you 're an adoptee or birthmother , do n't waste your money on this narrow-minded view of adoption . Bartholet has little to say about birthmothers ! When she does mention birthmothers , she seems to view them as inconsequential baby machines . No empathy in this book !
 I excitiedly picked up this book when it came out but only recently found the time to sit down with it . The topic is one that I am fascinated by and have studied a bit . I walked away at the end overall disappointed . That is not to say the book does not have merit.First the pluses ... The subject matter ... as the cultural creatives or integral inclined individuals who are `` spiritual but not religious '' look to see the pattern or history in America that has been brewing on the cutting edge of religious/spiritual thought the last 150 years or so ... the subject is a timely one that needs to be fully explored ... thanks for taking it on.Covering some of the essential forces ... Emerson and the transcendentalists are explored and cited.A few engaging stories of lesser known influences ... I liked the stories of Ralph Waldo Trine -LRB- with whom I have read and was familiar -RRB- and Sarah Farmer -LRB- with whom I was not -RRB- . Now the minuses ... The format of chapters focusing on some topic -LRB- e.g. , meditation -RRB- and how they impacted our growth ... this seemed forced , there was too much overlap of the stories with the details of those brought out in other chapters and led to each chapter jumping around to bring too many short references to other influences that maybe related to the chapter 's `` topic '' . The author 's writing style was not always engaging . Some of his stories engaged -LRB- as mentioned -RRB- , but -LRB- and this may be a product of how he outlined his chapters into topics -RRB- there seemed to be too much jumping around . He could have benefited from using a bit more of a sequential fact telling to help his reader stay with the overall story ... bottom line was that there were really engaging stories within chapters and they were strung together with other details that led to the overall direction of the chapter being somewhat lost.The biggest complaint ... so many major influences upon the modern desire for spiritual experiences were either not in the book or only briefly mentioned in some passing reference -LRB- or were mentioned sporactically as he wanted to make a point about them in this themed chapters , hence losing the importance of them -RRB- . For example , he mentions New Thought collectively but primarily points at Dresser as the entire subject . He does mention some of Quimby and a bit of Mary Baker Eddy and Christian Science in reference to NT but most NT scholars quickly point out that Christian Science is not truly New Thought ... readers of this book would think that it is . Major New Thought influences are not mentioned at all ! Where is Emma Curtis Hopkins , Charles and Myrtle Fillmore -LRB- Unity -RRB- , or Ernest Holmes -LRB- Science of Mind -RRB- ? All had much more lasting influence than Dresser or Trine ... and in the more popular culture , where is Dale Carnegie , Norman Vincent Peale , or Napoleon Hill ? Where are other major Eastern influences such as Yogananda ? I could go on ... If this truly is the `` making of American Spirituality '' as the title implies , then this books greatest failure is one of omission of very real and vital influences upon that topic.Finally , the payoff on current culture in the book seemed to be reduced to pitting traditional conservative Christians vs the `` Church of Oprah '' . Although Oprah certainly is an influence , she is more indicative of the maturing of Americans such that those few who were on the cutting edge of sprituality in the 19th century are now growing in numbers due to more and more people transcending old worldviews and moving into what has been labeled the cultural creatives -LRB- or the green and higher meme levels in Spiral Dynamics -RRB- . This natural evolution of our culture is the end game story which the author overlooked.I would have given this book 2 1/2 stars if possible ... kudos for tackling the topic ... kudos for some engaging stories of a few of the influences on American spirituality ... however for someone looking for the `` making of American spirituality '' , please know that you are getting only certain interesting pieces of background presented to you without a full picture of what is truly unfolding in our current society .
 The essential premise of this book , and much of the scholarship upon which it is based , are quite praiseworthy . And yes , the book addresses the fundamental need to illuminate the persistence of liberal theology in America . But , while there are several sparkling veins of valuable information here , extracting them from the tough ore of worthless rumination proved entirely too tedious for me.I agree with the comments by Mark Gilbert on this page that the writing `` jumps around '' far too much . We can be more definite about it
 If a textbook for Hindi must use some romanistion then it should use the same system as R.S.McGregors ' Oxford Hindi-English Dictionary , as `` Teach Yourself Hindi '' does . The authors of that title , R.Snell & S.Weightman , teach Hindi at London University 's School of Oriental and African Studies.Further this textbook relegates the devanagari script to the rear of the book and includes no devanagari at all for the tape dialogues.As a final black mark the standard reached in the course is way short of Snell/Weightmann . This is partly a product of having 10 lessons instead of 18 . Recommendation
 The author had a lot of enthusiasm for getting to where he wanted to go , but getting to the `` Otherworld '' was a bit forced , and once we got there , it was n't nearly as exciting or interesting as I 'd hoped . It was written in first-person , but I never felt like I really got attached to the main character or knew his motivations or cared much about what happened to him . The first half of the book has our Ph.D. . Oxford students behaving like high school kids with no responsibilities or much intelligence . Once they arrive in the Otherworld it is full of content that that these history scholars should have expert knowledge of , but they are mostly clueless . In the first chapter or two we get some good visualization of the characters , who they are and where they 're from , but after that I do n't know why they 're bumbling through Oxford -LRB- they never work on their studies or have any responsibilties -RRB- . When we reach the Otherworld we 're told what to think and feel -LRB- e.g. the comparison and contrast of modern industrial society to the author 's utopic Celtic society -RRB- rather than letting the reader decide for themself through the prose . If you 're looking for a good fantasy read you can do much better . If you 're determined on finding a book that centers on an adventure through Celtic lore , have at it .
 I 'm just an average over 50 person who likes fantasy fiction . This had great potential and the first half was entertaining & kept my interest . Second half dragged the story out alot until the climax . Not interested in a sequel unless it 's half as long and concise .
 The first chapters of this book were great . Lewis is an American student studying at Oxford University and rooming with bored , rich friend Simon . One morning , Simon whips him off to Inverness on an apparent whim to investigate the appearance of an aurox , reported in a dubious gossip-filled newspaper . Their trip up is filled with tight , engaging dialogue on the current state of the world . They encounter a Scottish farmer who is quietly enjoying the notoriety of having a ` beastie ' in the back paddock - which has since been taken away to Edinburgh for further examination . They find their way back to an ancient cairn at which point Simon disappears . Unfortunately , so does the story!Lewis returns to Oxford and mopes around for several weeks . He meets up with the eccentric Professor Nettles , who spends a whole chapter giving a rather doubtful metaphysical explanation of the ` other world ' and its importance to our world . Nettles then takes Lewis back to Inverness , only to discover that a group of evil metaphysical archaeologists are digging around the cairn -LRB- for what exactly is not clear -RRB- . A diversion is set and Lewis makes his way into the cairn and through to the otherworld.There follows several chapters of travelogue . The otherworld turns out to be a perfect replica of the Victoriana view of British Celtic society , complete with kings , chiefs and warriors running around killing each other . But somehow everything is at the same time wonderful to behold . The chapters describe in detail the landscape and the structure of the society , while the pace of the story languishes . We are expected to believe that the otherworld is a template on which British Celtic society was built -LRB- never mind that they were made up of various invading neolithic tribes from Europe -RRB- . Lewis ' character reaches his absolute nadir , expecting his friend Simon to ` do something ' and to take responsibility , when Simon is clearly well settled into the local society and the least responsible person around . Meanwhile , Lewis just goes along as helpless victim rather than trying to work out any original action of his own that might actually change the situation.At this point I realised that this was the first of three books in a trilogy and decided I had much better things to spend my time doing than reading bad imaginary travelogues written from a victim point of view.Great start - shame about the rest .
 I 'm sure the otherworld is absolutely beatiful but do we have to spent soooo many pages describing it ?! The plot moves along soooo slow , I almost did n't finish reading it . Now that I did , I wish I did n't waste my time .
 one of the few books that i just could n't make myself finish . so bored after reading a third book i just couldnt make myself read any more . '
 The set up was teriffic . I read the sample , could barely wait for the download so that I could read something really well developed ... And then I got to the other side where the whole thing dissolved into men killing men , lots of blood , an occasional generic female tossed in so that the bloody men could show the other bloody men that they got one . So predictable .
 Another series created out of the idea that a run of the mill dude discovers an alternate world , where he all a sudden becomes courageous and forgets his past . Besides that , the build up of a great magical climax is greatly over hyped , as it falls flat . Dont buy this novel if you are looking for your next great fantasy read
 After reading this book and the reviews here , I am forced to write a critical review myself.Perhaps I am alone in seeing through this tale , but I find it a thinly veiled white supremist manifesto , nothing more . Here 's why : Picture the author 's vision of Paradise , which is called Otherworld , or Albion by its inhabitants . In this world , a proto-Celtic people , the Lwyddi -- white , of course -- is the repository for all that is noble , beautiful , courageous , and just . Yes , there is betrayal at times , and violence , even murder , but these evils are trivial compared to the disgusting , putrid , `` colored '' -LRB- red , yellow , brown , and black ; read Afro , Jew , Catholic , Oriental , Arab , etc. -RRB- race of demons who rise up to destroy all that is good in the name of their Dark Lord Nudd -LRB- dressed in black , of course -RRB- , who , being the Devil himself , is not spoken of in polite society.These demons obviously represent all the inferior races of the earth who corrupt the natural order just by living . Their very smell makes brave men puke . In addition to being disgusting in physical appearance , they are mostly brainless , have no individual personalities , and are unskilled in the manly arts of war , in short subhuman . Easy to kill ? sure ! -- Except their corpses are then deposited in a stinking cauldron of boiling muck from which they arise , alive and fully functional.In other words , there is no end to their numbers , no final solution to the demon problem , and so no hope for the glorious master race . O my gosh ! Are the Lwyddi to vanish , the glorious race exterminated , and Albion to fall into eternal darkness?Not a chance ! The Song of Albion , which when loosed in the world melts the demons instantly , saves the day . This song is really little more than a paeon to racial superiority , as it restores Albion to its natural state of perfection -- all White.I find the whole thing fairly transparent and disgustingly phony . No more for me , thanks .
 I wanted to like this book but it seemed to shuffle on and not land anywhere . It started out so good and then was slow explain what it was like in paradise . I could imagine that if you were a fantasy fan you may be interested in these details but alas , I was not ... skip it .
 Lawhead is , unfortunately , a very inconsistent writer . Sections of each book in this trilogy are excellent and quite enjoyable . However , there are longer portions that are awkward and tedious . The writer also commits a number of literary sins that drag the whole down . In the first book , there is the character of the professor . He is quite flat and is what is known as `` the author 's mouthpiece '' -- a set-piece device used to conveniently convey information that the author has trouble working in otherwise . The professor has at least a couple long monologues that reek of the above device.Although there are worthwhile sections , I recommend you avoid this title and pick up something better .
 For a Finance Professor at NYU this book should be an embarrassment . It is not only poorly written , but dispenses absolutely no advice . The book has no appeal at all , and is merely a summary of the existing wealth holders . I mean who cares how much Mike Tyson earnt in 1997 . This is hardly aspirational stuff . If wealth creation is the topic that a reader is pursuing I would strongly recommend Peter Drucker -LRB- Innovation and Entrepreneurship -RRB- , which will give the reader a clear insight into why Americans have expanded their wealth , without the rhetoric . Another great book would be by Lester Thurow -LRB- Creating Wealth -RRB- who explains how wealth is created . As far as this book is concerned , spend your money elsewhere .
 I found this book on special for 5 Australian dollars so I picked it up . I did n't get around to reading it for a little while but I should have never bothered in the first place for a few reasons.The book is too focused on the american economy and had very little information which could be linked to Australia 's economy.From the first page it presented itself as a very bland read , giving barely any encouraging information for anyone wanting to expand on their finances . I stopped reading after the second chapter as it just had no appeal to me.I do not recommend this book at all .
 I have to disagree with the reviewers who gave this book high marks . While Jim Richey is very knowledgeable , this book is a set of one-page clippings from various past magazines . The drawings are very basic , and there 's not a single photograph to help the beginning to moderate woodworker . These tips are too basic for the advanced woodworker , so I really do n't see an audience for this book . It did n't help me at all . There 's nothing wrong with the book -- if you want to read about other people 's woodworking . However , to help you build your router skills there are wiser ways to spend your money . Several are sold right here on Amazon .
 This authors of this book really needed the assistance of a professional writer ! There is a lot of general information , and the specific information that is included is rather dated -LRB- as can be expected ; Barbara Bergquist has been involved with the Maltese fancy for about forty years ! -RRB- I am reading all I can about Maltese , and suggest that serious fanciers -LRB- or would-be serious fanciers -RRB- get The Complete Maltese by Cutillo , that people who want a good overview of the breed get Howell Book House 's The Essential Maltese , and that both get Dog Fancy 's Popular Breed Series publication about Maltese -LRB- at larger pet stores or www.dogfancy.com -RRB- .
 I am puzzled at why Sampson would set out to deminish Jones and his family . I noted that some of `` his '' facts are actually completely different in other books that are exhaustively researched such as Mark Frost 's book The Grand Slam and others I have read including Down the Fairway by Jones himself . Even if everything negative he came up with was true it is n't really very much in light of the great man that he was . He was a man of impeccable character but he was a human being . He was sensitive and conscientious , intellegent , honest and gracious above all.Even so , I enjoy reading anything about Jones which has led to my reading of other books of this era and books about Walter Hagen etc. . I enjoyed the pictures .
 I ordered three of her books How to contact you Spirit Guide , Life on the Other Side and her book of dreams . The first two were terrific , but the book of dreams is difficult to understand . However , I 'm trying to understand . Sylvia is a great Author , who can keep you captivated . I would really like to meet her and learn more about her.M.G.Ebner
 I was disappointed in the book because too much was relied upon letters written to her . I would have liked more of her own imput . Maybe I just did n't understand it , I do n't know .
 Never received item and was high disappointed that I never receive a response to resolve the situation .
 Ms. Browne seems to be well meaning when describing her experiences and her dreams and those of others . However , the books spends more time discussing Ms. Browne 's views about herself rather than focusing on the more interesting information about dreams themselves.It is obvious from reading the book that Ms. Browne is a lay person and a `` spiritual guide '' , not a scientist of any kind . I would venture to guess that most of the information she provides is based on her own opinions and conjecture rather than hard , sounds facts.I was very disappointed with this book , and only `` dream '' of getting my money back ...
 I was a bit disappointed in this book . The beginning started out well and then I lost interest in the subject matter .
 sylvia brown is a fake . She practices a technique called cold reading . Fake . and I would say evil for preying on people
 The only review that was dead on accurate was the -LRB- Buyer beware-this book is part of a system ! -RRB- 1 star for color pictures .
 I could not understand why Amazon wanted 65 bucks for just a book with no description listed , so I went to Lowes and bought it for 20 bucks . Started reading and immediately found out that every word in the book refers to the authors ' protractors and other accessories which can be bought through his web site . If you only bought the book with no accessories as I did , you are pretty much out of the loop as all the pictures and examples include his products . His system may work , but why not be up front about it ? Just tell us what is going on , and if you are like me and already have invested in a really good -LRB- Starrett -RRB- protractor , pass on his book and get a more straightforward guide to installing trim.I also agree with others who think the reviews are fishy . Amazon , you really dropped the ball on this one , with no details on the product.By the way , I took the book back .
 I originally ordered this book from Amazon however our illustrious USPS lost the package . I did however go to Lowe 's a pay full price for it . Boy was I disappointed . I also purchased their recommended angle measurement tools . I and my son took the angle measurements in the room and checked each other . We were extremely careful and took the measurements until we agreed with each other . The tools are n't quite as easy to use as the book implies . After drawing out the room and following all steps outlined in the book , we cut our crown molding and installed it . It looks terrible . The corners DID NOT fit like the book says they will and yes , I got the lefts on the left and the rights on the right . I basically wasted $ 75 in books and tools together with about $ 100 in Crown . I am going to take it down and start over using the flush end/fit end method -LRB- which I have used successfully before but thought the method in the book would be better -RRB- utilizing my coping saw . I recommend that you do not use this book but instead search on the net and find an article telling you how to hang crown with the use of a miter saw , a coping saw , and a half round file .
 save your money . go to the library and read it there . spend five minutes and you have the miter angles you need - out of the whole book that is all I took away . If you want to buy a copy buy it at Home Depot - same price but , the book is in color with much better pictures and in more detail . I feel ripped off .
 I mean , come on . The pictures in the original 1973 version of the book were beautiful , it was , like in many childrens ' stories , half of the enjoyment . But no ... buy the original somewhere else . They 've just messed an otherwise great book up .
 This is a collection of some computer geek 's wet dreams . The stories are n't even stories , they 're just sex scenes . They are extremely bizarre and took a lot of imagination to create , I 'll give it that . But the only person I think who would really enjoy this book is the comic book guy from The Simpsons . If you want a real story with some steamy scenes wrapped in , try Laurell K. Hamilton .
 This book is great in the technical meaning of the word . The cover is very capturing of the era , the binding is top notch , and the high-gloss pages have the look and feel of a top quality book . That 's where the high sticker prices comes from . Other than that , this book was n't very impressive . I bought this book with the full intent of learning of the political and strategic aspects of World War I , but this book made even WAR boring.I bought this with the full understanding that it would n't give me a soldier 's perspective of the war . I read Death 's Men for that . I wanted to get a big picture of WWI including the military tactics , political mindsets , and the chain of events . Though this book has the chain of events , it is shallow as to the why -LRB- military tactics and political mindsets -RRB- and the chain of evens are written in such a mechanized prose that it is hard to keep reading . This happened ... then this happened ... then this happened ... then this happened ... This book reminds me of the classic history textbook , but it is even less encapsulating than that . This book DOES have a good selection of maps and photographs , but I just could n't get past the mechanized prose . In some sections , the grammar is poor , which I also abhor . I 'm going to force myself through the rest of the book after just 80 pages . After the first 2 chapters , I 've already lost interest in WWI , which I did n't think was possible after Death 's Men .
 This is war as seen from the Allies side , with hardly any references or researches on the Central Powers . Hardly impartial historical writing . And boring too .
 Word Biblical Commentary
 downloaded the book and immediately started to suffer from kindle freeze . it completely locked up my kindle . took a lot of effort to get back in but as soon as i deleted the book kindle performance was back to normal . other reviews dont metion this problem so im mystified .
 Started off with a bang , but then got bogged down with endless description of the scenery . I guess no one ever told Verne to show rather than tell .
 I am sorry to say , but this book was without a doubt , one of the wrost books I have ever read in my life . The story dose have plot but that is about all the good things that go along with the story . I also did enjoy how Verne made up basic human needs from using marine and plant life from the sea . The last thing that was good , was when the crew of the Natulius had to fight the giant squid , they are called something else in the book , but I did n't pay attention . Those are the ONLY good factors about this book . The author spends more time on description of the water than the action of the book . I found that very dull and boring . When I first read the book , I had heard great things about it , but when I read the book , I was very disspointed . Take my advise , do n't read the book .
 I really enjoyed the first half of this book . I had to read it for a school assignment , and I was liking it . Once it got past the first halh , the book 's plot went downhill . Majorly !!! I think it had a very disappointing end .
 Did not receive this and hope I was given a refund for wrong item sent
 A fantasy written long ago in 1887 , 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea started almost an entire genre of fantasy with submarines like the Tom Clancy novels . In this story ships all over the world claim to have seen a mysterious shifting black reef . Many thought it was just a rumor until it bore a hole into the hull of a steamer that had been able to make it back to shore . Pierre Arronax , a French biology expert , and his servant are invited on a ship going to hunt this creature . When the ship sunk , they found themselves captive on the creature that turned out to be a submarine , and it captain , Nemo , a genius who despised human society , showed them the wonders of the depths.Slow and plodding , 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea does not match the excitement of more contemporary fantasy fiction . One reason that this book did not appeal to me is that , compared to the other fantasy book that I am reading , The Fires of Heaven by Robert Jordan , the characters and events are dull and boring . For example , a protagonist in The Fires of Heaven , Mat Cauthon , has two intriguing aspects . One is his incredible luck in games of chance . The other , most fascinating aspect , is that he has vivid memories of lives lived in the distant past . there is no character in the Jules Vern novel that can compare to such a riveting figure.Jules Vern 's novel is flat and unimaginative in contrast to Robert Jordan 's work . I was told it was a classic , but I was disappointed by its quality of creativity . I would not recommend this book to anyone who enjoys fantasy fiction .
 Do n't get this book unless you are five years old ! It 's a pop-up book for children ! How 'd they come up with `` 536 pp . '' ?
 It 's just a remake-get at the library , the real thing or support a current author ...
 This book was VERY BAD . I HATED it . It is a big book with lots of words . Take my advice and STAY AWAY . I would give this book 0 stars but the minimum they let is 1 .
 This book was very boring . very few moments in the book are actually exciting and they are few and far between . The beginning of the book is the best part . It spent too much time explaining and describing images ; i felt like the whole book could be cut in half and you would still get the majority of the story across to the readers
 I never received this item . The seller sent this item to my shipping address at my billing address . 2 different addresses as we do not receive mail at our house .
 Do n't get it . It was the worst $ -LSB- amount -RSB- I ever spent on something . It has an impossible-to-follow story line and a boring , boring , plot . Classical ? Harry Potter 's more Classical than this . Save your $ -LSB- amount -RSB- , buy gum or something , I do n't know .
 I was hoping to introduce my teens to Jules Verne while traveling ; so , I ordered the audio cassettes . However , on most of the tapes , the volume would suddenly go down to be almost inaudible . The quality of two of the cassettes was so bad that only about 1/4 of the tape could be understood .
 The hardcover version of the Sterling edition is bound and printed nicely . Jules Verne 's story is enthralling and full of detail . However , the translation in the Sterling edition is very old and can be rather tongue-twisting when read aloud . The word ordering in the sentences often reflects the original French a bit too much . Likewise , the numereous names of various flora and fauna are rendered in Latin form , rather than the more common names I 'm familiar with . I 've found Frederick Paul Walter 's newer -LRB- and also unabridged -RRB- translation to be much easier to read : Amazing Journeys
 I do n't pretend to be a literary know-it-all . I know about as much about classic literature as I do about moose hunting ... and that ai n't much . For whatever reason , I thought it might make me a more cultured and enlightened person if I read some of the old school fiction . You know , the authors that nobody ever mentions unless you 're in an English class . They may be crusty , but they 're considered to have written some of the greatest novels ever.While my trek through the classics is still at its infancy , I decided to take that journey 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea that Jules Verne has been begging me to take ever since I was a wee lad . I 've always noticed the various covers of this book over the years , often featuring a giant squid attacking either a submarine or some guy in an old-timey diving suit , or even both . Sometimes there 's a treasure chest involved , too . It 's no wonder that the book has always peaked my interest . How could you go wrong with such an inviting cover . It was about time that I figured out what was up with this Captain Nemo guy I 'd always heard about.Through virtually the entire book , you have basically only four characters . Captain Nemo , of course , is the one everyone 's heard of . He 's the mysterious commander of an astonishing vehicle for its time , an electric submarine called The Nautilus . Professor Arronax , his servent Conseil , and Ned Land , a noted French-canadian harpooner , end up as captives aboard Nemo 's strange vessel and are taken along for a voyage across the globe . The sights that they encounter are incredible . Creatures never imagined , lost treasure , undersea eruptions , and long-sunken vessels . The adventures are high ones , as they take the dangerous trip beneath the polar ice cap and even visit the lost city of Atlantis.I guess you could call it high adventure , but surprisingly , it 's not all that exciting . The journey 20,000 Leagues Under the sea is a slow , plodding one . Sandwiched in between a fairly compelling beginning and ending is a wordy , overly explanatory middle filled with obscene amounts of nautical and technical jargon , yet devoid of much stimulating drama.I have no doubt that in the 1800s Jules Verne 's descriptive prose awed readers to the wonders of the sea and underwater travel . In this day and age , however , the bar has been raised considerably and the story itself is very underwhelming for the modern read . The average person has been able to witness for themselves much of the stuff that Verne describes in such painstaking detail , either through television or trips to aquariums and the like . Much of the book simply is n't as extraordinary as it was 100 years ago . While the sea still holds great mystery , it 's not near as foreign to us as it was back then.If you 're not aroused by the technical workings of a submarine , or of the many food dishes that you can make out of sea life , there 's not much else there for the average reader . The plot is more centered around situations conceived to further describe Captain Nemo 's crazy contraption , The Nautilus , than it is to actually weave an interesting story . After the first few chapters , I was bored , save for a few bits here and there , until the last few chapters when it began to pick back up again.I trudged on , however , anxious to finish so I can get to the next book , hoping that it will be less yawn-inducing . If you 're like me and wanting to tackle those classics , save 20,000 Leagues for the end . Pick up Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's The Lost World or War of the Worlds instead . Both are far superior . Heck , I 'd even rather read Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde , at least it was shorter . But like I said earlier , I 'm no expert in the classics , maybe I just missed the boat , err ... submarine , on this one .
 This book was TERRIBLE . I could n't even get past part one . Yes , there are two parts , and I am certain that the second half is just as bad as the first . The whole story was just describing Professor Aronnax 's daily life on the Nautilus , which was completely repetitive if you ask me . The only SOMEWHAT interesting parts of the story was when Professor Aronnax is in danger of being attacked by natives , but Jules Verne just HAS to say it in the most boring way . Jules Verne also spent entire pages describing totally boring conversations between Captain Nemo and Professor Aronnax . These conversations were not only boring but confusing . Jules Verne used way to many technical words , in my opinion . Do n't get me wrong - I have a big vocabulary range , but that was ridiculous . And who cares about finding the Nautilus 's exact location on a map using latitude and longitude lines ? Why could n't Jules Verne just say , `` IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ATLANTIC OCEAN ? '' If I were you , I would stay away from this book . Do n't even THINK about reading it , because you 'll just be bored to tears . I know you will , because I was . So just spare yourself from wasting days on end reading this book and take my advice .
 I gave this book this raiting because it was hard to understand . The words were very hard and I did n't know any of them . The book did have a good plot but they made it to hard to know what it meant . This book did teach us about sea life , which was the ONLY thing in my opinion . I would only reccomend this book for highschoolers .
 Boring and bland . He even spent two pages listing sponges . Do n't waste your time by reading this .
 This book started off ok . I mean there was a good intro but after that nothing seemed to happen . Dont get me wrong , there were like two scenes of action but they were really short and lasted maybee a page . And it was a long book so there were huge spaces in the book where nothing happened .
 Do not buy this book . It is a waste of your money . If you buy this book , it will sit somewhere and never go to use , even if you just read the first 2 pages you will be disgusted .
 I absolutuly HATED this book . Only read it for school . IT is awful . STAY AWAY from this evil novel . no offence tended for the author . It was too discriptive and you have to look up half the words in the dictionary . This has 0 stars but I can only put 1 .
 This paperback , one of the Barnes and Noble `` Classics Editions '' is a republication of the original English translation by Rev. Lewis Page Mercier made in 1872 . Mercier 's translation leaves out 20 % of the book and makes numerous other textual errors . These facts have been known for fifty years . The editor is a Victoria Blake , not otherwise identified , who in fact recommends in the Appendix that for further reading one might consult the complete novel as translated by Walter James Miller and Frederick Paul Walter and published by the Naval Institute Press in 1993 .
 While reading this book I was extremely fascinated and into it in the beginning . But as the book goes on , the main character continues to classify underwater creatures over and over and over . The only thing that kept me reading until the end was the mystery of Captain Nemo -LRB- which i have to say , was never really revealed , and a bit disapointing ending -RRB- . So all together , and VERY detailed and interesting book , but too slow and boring overall .
 There has GOT to be a better translation out there than this!Here is an excerpt : `` The cheaper journals replied keenly and with inexhaustible zest . These satirical writers parodied a remark of Linnaeus , quoted by the adversaries of the monster , maintaining that `` nature did not make fools '' , and adjured their contemporaries not to give the lie to nature , by admitting the existence of krakens , sea-serpents , `` Moby Dicks '' , and other lucubrations of delirious sailors . `` The whole book is written like this . Also , it takes the book a whole page or more just to convey something as simple as `` people were scared '' , and it uses obscure vocabulary to do so . I mean , seriously , is `` lucubrations '' the best word the translator could come up with there ? It makes me think he does not speak English and was using babelfish online to translate it.However , if you enjoyed reading the excerpt I provided , then by all means go ahead and buy this version of the book .
 This book is completed destroyed by errors in printing . The text is unreadable at points ; various spelling errors litter the book . The chapters are not separated , and even worse , are sometimes still in the same line as the sentence before it ! Do not buy the black and tan cover , printed by General Books . I wish I had looked through the books closer before the return window expired .
 If you 're going to read one of the great classics of literature-and you should-don ' t pick up this edition . It is a reprint of a version that dates back to the 1870s and was exposed more than 40 years ago for cutting nearly one-quarter of Verne 's story and mistranslating much of the remainder . Its reappearance in this edition is all the more amazing considering Tor 's status as a leading science fiction publisher , and the company 's willingness to perpetrate this fraud on is many readers is truly stunning . If you want to truly get to know Verne 's novel , pick up the elegant Naval Institute Press edition , in a modern , complete , updated translation , with commentary by the leading American Verne expert today , Walter James Miller . That book also comes with many of the artistic engravings that illustrated the original French first edition -LRB- no illustrations are to be found in the B&N Mercier reprint -RRB- . Less attractive but more academic is the Oxford Classics version of Twenty Thousand Leagues . This review is posted on behalf of the North American Jules Verne Society by Jean-Michel Margot , president NAJVS .
 Did not arrive to where I had expected it to come . I had labeled the shipping address correctly but it still went to a totally different house .
 I really disliked this book . I think some of it has to do with the fact that the lines were off on some of the sentences throughout the book which made it more difficult . This is a great story , very imaginative but painful to get through unless you are a marine biologist .
 The narrator should have a European -LRB- french -RRB- accent . Instead he has a gravely American accent . It just does not fit the story at all . I was not happy with this purchase .
 I paid promptly ... no item ... I wrote them ... no response ... now I have to figure out how to get my money back . Terrible seller through Amazon ... I can not believe they allow him to do this to so many people . Really would 've liked my book . Unfortunately , I can not leave zero stars ... BLAH !
 Okay , maybe I should n't be so mean to a `` classic '' , but I found this book quite insufferable . I suppose it 's unfair to judge it my modern standards , but I will anyway . I found the policy of our heroes attempting to kill any animal they possibly could more than a little disturbing
 TWENTY THOUSAND LEAGUES UNDER THE SEACANNOT GET IT TO THE KINDLE UNIT . IT IS IN PC KINDLE FILE BUT IT WILL NOT PRESENT ON TH KINDLE . THEREFORE IT WASTES MY TIME .
 This book would only be good for a marine biologist or a latin translator because they are the only people who can translate it . The book might say something like , `` The Nautilus was attacked by a group of spodulini auarius . '' You then are confused . A few chapters later , it might say how the Nautilus was attacked by some giant squid . Then everything clicks . The story was long and winding , and seemed like it would never end . I could n't finish the book as it had begun them to seem torturous . Do n't read it .
 I can not describe how much I did not enjoy this book . It took me 5 months to read it for a reason and I consider 5 days a long time to read a book . So much description and no plot made this book feel like it was 1000 pages long . It just never got anywhere . I cared nothing about any of the characters and finished it only so I could say I did .
 I agree with most of the other reviews in the sense that there are four or five scenes in this book that get your heart-pumping . Unfortunately that accounts for about a quarter of the book . The rest is full of detailed descriptions of sea life that would appeal to the most passionate environmentalist . The story was interesting , but you have to plow through a lot of boring text . Have a pot of coffee ready !
 I am not commenting on Jules Verne 's writing , but rather the format of this particular edition . From the outside , this edition is very nice ; as other reviewers have noted , it 's great to have the map on the front cover . However , the print inside the book is VERY small . I 'm not sure what the publisher was thinking ; I 've never seen a published book with type this tiny before . The pages are also larger than the average paperback , and the combination of big pages and tiny type gives me an instant headache . Avoid eye strain and buy another edition .
 The book 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea was a really disapointing book . Most of the story was boring and not exciting . When it got interesting it just was not as good as other books . I thought this was going to be a good book . The end was the most disapointing part . I would not recommend this book for people my age .
 I read this out loud to my three children when they were young , only one stayed around till the end . Mind-numbingly dull unless one reads it with a funny voice or reads it as a sad tale of the narrator 's unrequited love for Captain Nemo .
 I was disappointed to find this was a children 's version of the Jules Verne novel . Amazon 's description of it does n't make this clear .
 This book is a classic . No question . That 's why I chose to read it . When it came out in the 1860s , it was science fiction and gripped the imaginations of many . A ship that could travel under the water ! But reading it in 2010 , much of the novelty of the book has been realized . We have had submarines for nearly a century.But even aside from that , there is little plot to the novel . It reads as if it were written by a committee at National Geographic . It 's a survey of all the unique items and places in the world 's oceans . The little plot there is involves the protagonist trying to escape from the ship . And the ending -LRB- not to ruin it ... -RRB- is a total cop-out and disappointing.I was hoping this book would stand the test of time , like The Time Machine or even Around the World in 80 Days . But I found it a rather boring and drudging read .
 This book causes my Kindle to freeze . Must do a complete reset to get it to work again . This is the only book , so far that caused a crash . I do n't know if I will try to re-download it from Amazon . Weird huh ?
 For those who , like me , have found great pleasure in surrounding oneself with great literary works , the Easton Press edition books seem to have a lot of draw . However , it has been my experience that many of their novels by foreign authors can be found to contain older and flawed translations.This specific Easton Press contains the Mercier 1873 translation that edits out 25 % of the original text . The major flaws in this translation led to a slew of critiques by the scientific and literary communities -LRB- that did not refer to the original French -RRB- . Fortunately now there is a new version : Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea/Completely Restored and Annotated . This translation is true to the original text that shows Verne 's actual correct calculations as well as including the 25 % of the text lost to English readers for over a century . Happy reading.Peace , Ben
 As someone who tends to enjoy older adventure fiction more than the average person -LRB- I quite like Conan Doyle 's non Sherlock books , like most Stevenson , love Sabatini , etc. -RRB- , I was looking forward to plunging into this classic tale of adventure and exploration . Somewhere near the middle its narrator captures the essence of the book with the following unintentionally prescient sentence
 SNL deserves a comprehensive overview that tells us how they put together the show and how/why it matters/mattered . This is not that book . The author simply has no objectivity so he ca n't tell us the truth . If you want to read what you already know about the show 's popular sketches this is the book to read . We learn almost nothing about how personalities worked together - or not - to make the show last this long . Far too little time is spent on the first 5 years and that first amazing cast . But if you want to hear about ` Pat ' and Victoria Jackson this is the book for you . A real mess .
 I should have glanced at this book 's format before I wasted my hard-earned dollars on this junk . It 's simply a huge heap of quotes , regurgitated in some order known only to the authors . The `` story '' -LRB- simply interviews ad infinitum -RRB- unfolds by seasons of the show , without any sort of context , without any stab at putting the times in any perspective , without a clue , often , how the lesser-known characters contributed.It quickly became a very frustrating read , and then became one that left me shaking my head in disbelief.It would have been a good story if the outside world had been permitted to enter into it . But it does n't . I know the writers are n't lazy , look at all this verbiage ! , but it does n't add up to a hill of beans . Dang , the ratings system does n't allow one to enter NO stars at all . Save your money . Terrible .
 Ok , here ya go , The writer 's are what Makes SNL what it is . Is everybody clear on that ? there , I just saved you twenty five bucks.This is NOT a book about The Show Saturday night live , this is a book about the PRODUCTION of SNL . In most instances covering Monday through Friday and NOT saturday night . It 's more a book of office politics and corporate policies , at a firm that 's product is a tv show . The stories about the show itself are interesting , but there are few scattered throughout the book . Of the hundreds of hosts SNL has had over the year they interview less than two dozen . Mostly it 's writers talking about other writers , performers talking about writers , Lorne talking about writers . Yeah , I 'd love to hear about the blown skits ... the terrible hosts , bad behavior , and what you get is another story about what was for dinner tuesday night . The last chapter is an unbearable homage to Lorne Michaels ... as if the first 500 pages were n't enough . Imagine somebody coming to your workplace and interviewing everyone about what happens during the week ... and then writing out 550 pages of it ... well that 's pretty much what it 's like.What did I expect ? I guess more of an anthology that would give some background to what I see on the reruns . More stories about the actual PERFORMANCE of the show and not the preparation -LRB- writing -RRB- of the show .
 Did you know that the writers/performers worked all night on Tuesdays ? Or that Lorne Michaels was a dysfunctional father figure ? Well you 'll be reminded about every fifth page of this yawner . Sure there 's some interesting gossip and sniping , but save yourself some time and get the cliff notes because this is about 100 pages of interesting in a 500 page book .
 This book is an interesting read that is easy to get finished in one sitting . If one is looking for a detailed narrative , this book probably is not it .
 When I skimmed this book in the store trying to decide whether to buy it , it seemed like a fun collection of anecdotes about the show.It 's not.Be warned -- virtually everyone who ever worked on SNL appears to have some deep-seated issues about the show and about their relationship with the show 's producer , Lorne Michaels and a fair chunk of the book is given over to letting them vent.It 's clear that Lorne Michaels is an odd man and hard to deal with . But he 's not really odd/difficult in any sort of interesting way , he 's just a type -- the distant , manipulative boss who tries to keep everyone divided and off-balance . So hearing the details is pretty dull -- `` I did n't understand Lorne . '' `` Lorne did n't understand me . '' `` Lorne always made people wait hours to see him '' `` Lorne would only rarely compliment a sketch . '' `` Lorne did n't like to fire people . '' `` Lorne did n't like to criticize directly '' `` I could n't tell that Lorne had hired me . '' `` I could n't tell that Lorne had fired me . '' , `` Lorne like to hang around with big stars . '' `` We had to sit on the floor in Lorne 's office . '' `` Lorne liked to vacation at St. Barts . '' et cetera , et cetera , et cetera.Similarly , there 's lots of complaining of the `` It was awful to do , a bad part of my life , Lorne was hard to deal with , but of course , it made my career so I do n't really resent it '' variety . Again , hearing this over and over is just uninteresting.In between we learn ... . that John Belushi was a mess and everyone was sad when he died , that Gilda Radner was charming and everyone was sad when she died , that Chris Farley was a mess , idolized Belushi , and everyone was sad when he died , that Phil Hartman was a great guy , and everyone was sad when he died.What else ? Well , there 's always a lot of competition among the actors and writers to get on air . The women do n't always feel they have a fair shot . Neither do the African-American performers . Everyone gets tired a lot . In the 70s a lot of people used drugs , not so much now . People yell sometimes.So we mostly get told the obvious . There is really very little true anecdote in the book -- very few new interesting stories that bring you inside the show and/or illustrate the people involved.By the end , reading the book feels a lot like being forced to attend your spouse 's company Christmas party -- just standing around listening to work problems that do n't matter to you and hearing minor office gossip that you 're already heard from your spouse and wondering how soon you can leave .
 this book 's format STINKS . it is one degree away from being a 500 page audio transcript . I am big SNL fan and was very disapointed by this book.Tom Shales is too lazy to do any writing ! each chapter is a nothing more than a series of extended pull quotes from interviews . these interviews are then chopped up and dispearsed through the chapters . this means you get a lot of people saying the same thing over and over . -LRB- I did n't find the contradictions anywhere NEAR as interesting as other reviewers did . -RRB- The book is broken up into strange 3-7 year spans which are chapters and then ends with an outrageously long and repetive chapter on Lorne Michaels ! there is an index -LRB- thank God ! -RRB- but it 's pretty ignorant and not that useful.there are NO graphics . Now do n't get me wrong , I 'm not some troglodyte that needs pictures in all the books I read , but I AM a graphic designer who understands how some information design and charts AT LEAST linking names to faces would help in the understanding and appreciation of the book . the only thing that comes close is a text only year by year listing at the very end of the book.I want to see clearly who had sex with who , who did what drugs , who won the fist fights between chevy and bill murray , etc ! charts are SUCH a necessary thing here . I know it 's not supposed to be a coffee table book but please , it SHOULD be . this format was completely a pain in the ass to read.on one page you have Sheri Oteri talking about how she would cry herself to sleep everynight and then three paragraphs later Anna Gaustayer is talking about how Will Farrell was that era 's Phil Hartman . It 's totally incoherent and non-linear ! Thank God I went to the library to get this . I want a book that actually goes through the trouble of TELLLING a story , not lazily copping out and cobbling together a ream of disconnected quotes.This book sucks . I enjoyed the Second City retrospective book better .
 I thought a book about the early days of SNL would be great fun . WRONG ! The most boring book I ever read , next to `` Chemical Analysis of Lithium Dioxide '' . Save your money . Its a waste of paper .
 My problems with this `` Live From New York '' book is that the authors Tom Shales and James Andrew Miller seem to favor certain actors over others , as in a previous backstage `` Saturday Night Live '' book written in the late 1980s by Doug Hill and Jeff Weingrad . Both books tell the same story . For instance , Gilda Radner was most favored . She seemed like a demure , healthy , innocent , nice girl in an environment infested with drug addicts , drunks , egomaniacs , and assertive people . Then , as expected , someone like Chevy Chase gets all the heat as a mean man bringing everyone down . However , Rena Fruchter 's recent biography of Chevy portrays him as a nice man with a harrowing upbringing , and if you believe Ms. Fruchter , then most things written about Chevy in both books are a pack of lies , and Chevy thinks they are , too . We see Bill Murray as a rough-and-tough fighter , Jane Curtin as an assertive woman who takes no nonsense from anyone and let 's you have it if you mess with her , John Belushi , as of course , that wild and crazy , self-destructive drug addict , Laraine Newman and Garrett Morris as aliented drug abusers , and Dan Aykroyd as a Hell 's Angel getting into fights . And that 's the original cast depicted in both books . Cocaine was heavily used . Only Jane Curtin and Gilda Radner were smart enough never to touch that dangerous drug . I 've learned over the years that Bill Murray is more of a marijuana person than a cocaine person , so he has n't always been as innocent as Curtin and Radner.After the original cast departed in 1980 , a new cast and a new producer came along with disastrous results and near cancellation . We should definitely put a shrine on Eddie Murphy for saving the show , and what could have been a comedy/variety show that went of the air with new cast members trying , like `` Laugh-In '' -LRB- which is often compared to SNL -RRB- , is a legendary staple that goes on and on like the Second City of Chicago , always boasting new cast members searching for stardom . Also , as the years went on , drugs have diminished -LRB- with the exception of Chris Farley , who died a death eerily similar to John Belushi 's -RRB- , but there are temper tantrums around . I am very lucky to have a nine-to-five job in an agency with compassionate people , although I , like anyone else , can have a bad day here and there . But if you are looking for a place to work with nice , innocent people and a friendly atmosphere , `` Saturday Night Live '' is not the place . All in all , both `` Live From New York '' and the previous SNL book , written by two authors for each book , depicted the casts mostly in an unfavorable light , stressing more on the negatives than the positives of cast members .
 You may think that a book about Saturday Night Live would be fun or perhaps even entertaining . Well this one is not . I hate to disagree with the other reviewers but the book was just huge , boring list of commentary . These authors should not be acclaimed for throwing together a scrapbook of things that other people said . I COULD HAVE DONE IT MYSELF AND SAVED $ 26 ! The worst part of the book is looking at the pictures of the authors . They look duller than the book itself !
 When I began to read this book , I was expecting a superbly written historical account of the Saturday Night Live television show , and instead got nothing more than a plethora of transcribed interviews with people associated with the show.When I began reading this book , I was hoping the authors would include a listing of all of the people who have graced the show as regular performers , or one of all of the guest hosts , but none such information was offered.Apparently all it takes to write a best-selling book nowadays is a tape recorder , and a word processor , because that is all this book is comprised of.A court stenographer could have written it .
 The subject could not be more interesting -- a fascinating show with many interesting characters.This book is an abject failure however . Overwritten , dull , and self-indulgent it can not hold the reader 's interest.I was totally disappointed in this book . These so-called writers could have and should have done a far better job with the material . I would not recommend this book to anyone .
 Finally , I finished this book . What took nearly three weeks for me to complete , this book deeply covers the highs and lows of one of our nation 's greatest comedy programs . `` Saturday Night Live '' began as a simple comedy show that introduced late night viewers to something other than reruns of Johnny Carson . It was satirical , it was in your face , it was raw , and it was beautiful . It was the way comedy needed to be . It gave a platform for those ideas unspoken to finally be acted out on stage in front of a live audience . It gave immediate star status to those like Chevy Chase , Dan Ankroyd , Bill Murray , and the great John Belushi . Through the fun and not-so-fun moments of this program , we are given a intimate look at what happened behind the scenes of comedic history . We are given rare glimpses of the insanity of running such a program , the politics of television , and the power of a celebrity . While this is interesting for the first hundred pages , slowly , at least for me , it began to grow old.This was a fascinating book to catch that rare glimpse of a show that looked like it was the best job on television . It created this light over the actors while also dampening the scene with an array of dark clouds . It was jittery , jumpy , and at times , extremely hard to follow . Let me explain . During the first couple of pages you are introduced to an onslaught of different producers , instrumental creators , and relative unknowns that you are expected to remember who they are from page 50 to page 489 . At times , this was tough because there are whole pages directed to just these people , and honestly , that was the reason I bought the book . After just listening to Jay Mohr 's `` Gasping for Airtime '' , I wanted to hear the jokes , the sadness of loosing cast , and the power of the program ... I did n't want to hear these multi-millionaire Hollywood hitters talking about how hard it was to go to work everyday because it was too much stress . I would have loved to have their job , no matter if I was on air or if I was n't , the fact that you were making history should have been good enough for everyone . Apparently not.There were moments when I learned something new about the program -LRB- that Larry David was once a writer and nobody understood his humor -RRB- and there were other times where I left the page disgusted that I ever watched the show in my life -LRB- aka the entire Eddie Murphy/Joe Piscapo section -RRB- . I guess it was good to learn about the show from the ground up , but you honestly leave this book with the impression that what was once a great show has really fallen flat on its face . You can never compare the most recent cast with that of what it started with , or what it was ten years ago . The humor has changed , the jokes are less funny , and the younger actors seem to be disrespecting the roots on which the program was brought up on.Overall , I thought this was a decent read , but not what I was hoping for . I needed more emotion , more stability , more excitement about the program . I feel that I just finished reading 500 pages dealing with the fall of `` Saturday Night Live '' . I hated the fact that Chris Farley and Phil Hartman were given a whopping two pages that dealt with their death -LRB- maybe a tad bit more ... but I NEEDED MORE -RRB- . I would suggest anyone that is a fan of the show enjoy the first two chapters on how this program began , the excitement of the original cast , and the villainous actor known as Chevy Chase . It demonstrates the power of comedy , while the remaining sections of the book just seem like a long , hard punch in the gut . I am sorry `` Saturday Night Live '' , but you have been funnier and stronger in the past , and this book proved that!Grade
 This really should be an excellent book , but I really feel that it suffers from a horrible choice of concept and presentation . There is so much to like , there are a lot of great quotes and info but as the book goes on and on it gets lost as the reader is forced to gleam what topic the various interview bits are heading toward . Too many times there seems to be a theme , like a particular cast member , then all of a sudden the next two or three quotes are completely off topic before it switches back . This bumpy road makes the flow of the book start and stop way too often.I also do n't like the implication of the subtitle of the book that this in an uncensored history . It seems like all of the `` uncensored '' topics are n't delved into , but merely skirted around . Apparently there was a problem between Dana Carvey and Mike Meyers with Wayne 's World . What was the problem exactly , well I do n't know for sure , I can only assume , which to me is a censored recollection of the events . It 's not my job as a reader to fill in the blanks.This book feels like a compendium of , or the companion piece to a book that does n't exist , a book that would basically be the history or biography of SNL . Though it 's an interesting concept , and I 'm sure it averted the headache of libel or misquotation , having the entire text be snippets from interviews with the participants ends up very disjointed and makes it very hard on the reader to keep up with the timeline of events . It also created a lot of repetition as different cast members say the exact same thing on the same topic . Yes , apparently there were a lot of all night writing sessions . Yes , apparently there was a lot of pressure to get your work on the show . I think a lot of this has to do with the authors ' hands off approach , their unwillingness to put their perspective on the material , that in the end makes this book a very dull read.The other thing that bugged me was that a lot of the cast members seemed to be left out of the history as far as how they joined and where they came from . Sure I understand that some probably either did n't want to be involved or could n't be reached , but it 's up to the authors to fill in these blanks , which they do n't . Even if the '81 cast is considered bad and unsuccessful that does n't mean that they should n't be represented .
 Given the reputations of those involved , especially Shales , this is a hellacious disappointment and certainly not worth the hardcover price at any discount . They could n't even get Murphy to talk to them and , given that he saved the show , that is a major problem in a book of this size and alleged scope . O'Donoghue , who was viciously brilliant , is reduced to a parody . There 's nothing here you could n't have figured out from reading years of tv commentary or watching the show .
 I try to remain neutral about this topic , because of the way that SNL has changed over the years . What was once a dynamo on Saturday night and what changed it to a mediocre program , to one that is still trying to find itself , given the politics of the Hollywood games and players . This is essentially an oral history of the groundbreaking show from the early days to the present . Nearly 600 pages of interviews from the writers and comedians who made the show what it is , and the book includes gossip as well as tributes to deceased cast members likeBelushi , Farley and Hartman . A lot of crude language and anecdotes . I do n't know what they 're there . Maybe someone thought it was funny , but it detracts from the overall book .
 If you took out every comment by cast , writers and producers on trying -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to figure out Lorne Michaels , this heavy tome would easily be cut in half . Too much whining , too little interesting , historical information for me , a long time fan of the show .
 I agree with whoever wrote that this book was way too long and unorganized . I was hoping to learn more about the behind the scenes works , and boy , did I. Drugs , partying , sexism , racism , it 's all here and more . There are some great gems among all the trivia people already know.But it 's all quotes from the different actors , writers and producers . There are some photos to break things up , but nothing else . No cute little sidebars or anything . Heck , if it 's good enough for my school textbooks , why not put some in here . I do n't have ADD , but it got tedious after awhile.The format makes for an odd read . You get things like someone rapsodizing about what a `` beautiful person '' John Belushi was a couple paragraphs after someone reminiscing about the time he set stuff on fire and passed out in a drunken stupor . Oh well .
 Tom Shales and James Andrew Miller seemingly provided an opportunity for free therapy sessions to all former and current SNL staffers . The whining , moaning and venting about how hard their lives are is more laughable than most of the SNL skits they 've ever performed in.The book provided nothing interesting in how the show actually operates . Sniping at one another seems to be the only reason for most cast member to even agree to be interviewed for the book . Missed opportunities by not interviewing lesser cast members -LRB- though they might have turned down the authors -RRB- could have painted a complete other picture.The special on Biography -LRB- on A&E -RRB- was more interesting than this book - and was only an hour . Catch that instead .
 Good points first -LRB- and there are good points -RRB-
 When I ordered this book , I was hoping to get a book for my daughter that would teach her about the Catholic saints . I think this book is better read under the influence of hallucinogenics or in a state of temporary insanity . I do n't know where the author is coming from . Take this review however you want . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BOOK .
 I can not review the actual product , since I still have not received it . No sense in ordering this using amazon prime , as it has been 8 days since my initial order , and FedEx does n't even have the package , even though it was marked as shipped . Disappointing , as this was for a gift , and now must find an alternative . If I do ever get the package , I 'll be returning it.Do not order from this vendor . I will update my review if possible if this ever arrives .
 As others have said , this version is abridged , and the abidgement should be more conspicuously noted . It is a crying shame that such beautiful and numerous illustrations should accompany heavy handed cuts to a perfect work . `` The Wind in the Willows '' is known for its adventures , but it also presents much kindness and nobility of spirit , exemplified in the mystical experience of the Divine in the omited chapter `` The Pipers at the Gates of Dawn . '' It is a lie to leave out this chapter and claim , which the jacket does , that the book is `` true in spirit '' to the original work . And I think it not coincidental that in the editing of the Christmas carol sung by the mice , the verses are cut to leave only secular words -LRB- ... not to mention , Grahame 's rhymed verses are the BEST ! - why would anyone EVER touch those ? -RRB- And Toad 's contriteness at the end , proof of his transformed character , is much abbreviated . I ca n't help but think the editor valued only the adventures and intentionally gave short shrift to the gentle morality tale of this story .
 When publishers abridge classics such as The Wind in the Willows they must be very respectful . And they should not make their own determinations of what a child can and can not absorb or enjoy . It is very sad that they cut `` The Piper at the Gates of Dawn '' from this edition . Children can and will get something valuable from such contemplatve texts , but only if we allow them access !
 This product is abridged and not what I wanted . If Amazon wishes to sell an abridged version of a product the word `` ABRIDGED '' should be at the top of the page in big flashing letters , not buried somewhere .
 I bought this copy of Kenneth Grahame 's wonderful classic because the illustrations were so lovely . When I read the book however , I realized that this book , albeit with beautiful illustrations , was heavily abridged . I am sorely disappointed by this , and feel it should be clearly marked in the labeling of the book .
 This was probably one of my most favorite books when I was young . I remember my mother reading it to me and how wonderfully Mr. Grahame captured the countryside and the wonderful characters . All memorable!But now we come to this one . A totally beautifully illustrated rendition it is -LRB- though it really is hard in my mind to beat Ernest H. Shepard 's wonderful Rat , Badger , Toad and all ! -RRB- . The reason for the 1 star is two fold . One , it 's an abridged version . Yes , I know it 's for consumption by younger folk . I was , however , maybe 4 or 5 when it was first read to me . Why do we continue to sell our children short ? The biggest reason though for the poor rating is that several chapters have been left out . The one I have always loved the best is `` The Piper at the Gates of Dawn . '' A beautiful tale of heroism , compassion , and love . It 's not in this edition . An outrage ! I will NOT buy this book and I will certainly NOT recommend it to others !
 Nicolas Coster may be a very good actor but he is not a good reader . I have enjoyed many stories on Audio CD 's as I travel the highways . Anyone who listens to Audio CD 's knows that a good reader needs to be understood and an excellent reader can consistantly change his/her voice to identify the key players of the story . Jim Dale and the Harry Potter series are an excelent example of this . Nicolas Coster does neither . He acts the part he is reading but can not change his voice to reflect the character who is doing the speaking . When Hornblower or Bush are contemplative his reading is a wisper almost to the point of silence . I find myself unconsiously turning up the volume and replaying that portion of the story . Then Hornblower or Bush act with a `` shouted command '' causing me almost to loose control of my auto as the words are blasted into my vehicle . It has become a chore to listen to this wounderfull series which I have read 3 times and will never buy another Nicolas Coster read audio .
 Mr. Skimin 's book is not for people who have in-depth knowledge of the Little Big Horn ; but I do n't think it 's for people who do n't know much about it , either.There is too much low-skill novelizing . Too many real people brought in just to make a book , mixed in with invented folk who read like cliches . The true and known stories from 1876 are strong enough without inventing sex in the tipi -LRB- Indian side -RRB- , the jocular inventions in the Bismark brothel -LRB- soldier side -RRB- , and the invented conversations between the Custers -LRB- tho fortunately Skimin does draw the veil with Autie and Libbie -RRB- . And why use a real person 's name and make him a racist/sadist if you 're going to invent a Jewish victim ? Why not invent the sadist too ? That did n't seem fair to the real sergeant . Mr. Skimin willingly invented half a dozen Indians and gave them leading roles . Why not the sadist?Aside from mixing up Miles and Myles , at the end of the book the man we 've come to know and admire as Frederick Benteen suddenly becomes Thomas Benteen . Fred 's brother was there ? Clearly there was no editor on this project , but Mr. Skimin must have been napping when he read the galleys.Mr . Skimin did a very good job of building a narrative around Custer 's last winter . This may be the first time I can tell you where he was from December to May 1876 , and I 've read everyone from van de Water to Utley.But I did n't appreciate the fictionalized last stand , with Keogh or Keough being run through by our Indian hero , nor the detailed inventions of how many times Tom Custer was shot or that Cooke was shot twice and also hit with an arrow . The book just is n't written well enough to make that stuff work . For someone who did that fine , try Hoffman Birney 's `` The Dice of God . `` You can tell this book by it 's cover . The photo of Custer is from the Civil War . He was photographed many times on the frontier . Why not use a photo more appropriate to the book ? I do n't know .
 I was compelled to buy this book because of my long-standing interest in the conflicts between the whites and the Indians . This fictional novel , based on historical events , was found to be extremely light . Robert Skimin fleshed out characters , at times , in odd ways . I especially disliked the way real people were saddled with sexual , sadistic , and/or prejudicial characteristics . At times characters seemed to be introduced in a helter skelter manner just to add to the list of real people that he included in the novel . In places , I felt , he mixed combinations of traits just to add a new twist . For example , he had a former Jewish Russian solder , who was a black belt in Judo , defend himself against a sadistic , bigoted and not too bright sargent . Robert Skimin did stay with the historical facts surrounding General Custer and the events that led up to his defeat at the Little Bighorn but as a whole any grade school history student could have easily gotten the same information about the Sioux , Cheyenne , and the 7th Calvary.Also recommended
 This book is a blend of fiction and history , but works better as history than as fiction . The dialogue is stilted . An example
 Written after the enormous successes of ` Tobacco Road ' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and ` God 's Little Acre ' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- and the critical and popular failure of ` Journeyman ' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , Erskine Caldwell 's ` Trouble In July ' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- is an earnest but listless novel which addresses the lynching of Negroes in the Deep South . Taking place during the period in which it was written , the novel is neither a black comedy burlesque like ` Tobacco Road ' nor an example of the more private , pseudo-surrealist fiction Caldwell produced with ` Journeyman ' or some of his many short stories of the era.Instead , ` Trouble in July ' attempts and fails to achieve a finely poised balance between realistic fiction and a kind of Keystone Cops comedy . But pointed exaggeration at every level was Caldwell 's forte , and the novel , which was written with difficulty over a period of several years , is redundant , flat , predictable , and anticlimactic , despite the piling up of several reoccurring cinematic plot devices , such as the worst possible person walking in the door or phoning at the absolute worst time.In Chapter Six , heavily put-upon sheriff and protagonist Jeff McCurtain conceives a plan to escape his duties by inventing a threatening posse of masked bandits , only to find himself held at gunpoint by an identical gang in reality . ` Trouble In July ' features several politicians who are only concerned that the lynching , which they see as inevitable and acceptable as long as it reflects `` the will of the people , '' not turn public opinion against them , a sheriff 's deputy whose great joy in life is `` hunting possums between midnight and dawn and tracking down runaway Negroes at every opportunity , '' vigilante gangs for whom the routine killing of blacks is the umbrella answer to most of life 's problems , a religious zealot who is outraged that bibles depicting Christ as a black man are circulating in the Negro community , a signature-gathering campaign to `` send all the Negroes to the country of Africa without delay , '' a black character , the object of the lynching , who is little more than a wide-and-wild eyed caricature , and , among other Caldwell stock characters , a fifteen year-old uneducated white girl with an inordinate appetite for sex and attention . ` God 's Little Acre ' used a similar formula , but that novel , Caldwell 's best , was fraught with tension and conflict , and , as a result , contains one of the most suspenseful and poignant climaxes in all of American literature . Perhaps due to the seriousness of its subject , Caldwell 's creative exposition in ` Trouble in July ' is cautious to the point of being half-hearted , and as a result , the novel , which is never quite believable on any level , creeps and crawls tentatively towards its conclusion rather than galloping confidently ahead .
 This book was the most boring book I have ever read . There was no point to the whole book , because all he talked about was his accomplishments and things that other people wrote about him . This book has no suspenseful or interesting parts in it . I feel that no one could ever like this book .
 This is the most boring book I 've ever read . I did n't even finish it . Booker T. Washington is not a very good writer -LRB- which is n't surprising because he had very little education -RRB- . Booker T. Washington was born a slave -- interesting , was emancipated by Abraham Lincoln , then traveled from West Virginia to Virginia to go to school , graduated and then eventually got invited to start his own school in Alabama . So he started a school . That is not interesting or invigorating or special . Why would you want to read about a guy who started his own school ? Is that that fascinating or interesting ? He did n't escape a slave or anything like that , he was emancipated like everyone else and then went to school like many people did -- nothing interesting . Why do n't we all just write autobiographies about ourselves because we feel like it ?
 The original . He was kind of cool , but now he ai n't ; people using his backwardness against us . Forget this dude , or perish . 1896 speech was a total sell out to da man.Drop ya boots , dawg !!! It
 I thought this was supposed to be an autobiography ! All he talks about is his school . He mentions his wife and kids only once or twice . I got the impression that he was a very selfish man . Plus , to top it off , the book was boring !
 This book talks of slavery in a positive light . Two thirds of the book is telling about the school he opened , briefly mentioning his personal or home life .
 This book is hard to get into at first because Washington , in my opinion , is n't the greatest writer . He writes using many run-on sentences and MANY , MANY commas with phrases that can distract you from the meaning of the sentence -LRB- as a rule , notwithstanding , to such an extent , this is to say etc. . . -RRB- he seems to state his observations as if it is a fact . He tells how there were such great relations between blacks & whites throughout the south and blacks held ABSOLUTELY NO resentment towards their slaveowners . I found that hard to believe -LRB- how would he know when he was just a slave ? -RRB- Many of his `` facts '' did n't seem to agree with history and what I thought slavery and black/white relations were like . He almost seemed ignorant to what was probably happening around him . He goes on to tell about his life and spends at least 1/2 of the book talking about his school in Tuskegee ... after a while it gets boring and you want to hear some interesting stories about HIM ! I did n't think the book was too great or very informative at all .
 I bought this because I needed quick access to this classic for a paper I was writing . This is a very poor representation of this remarkable book ; cheaply printed , no index -- junk ! Do n't buy it ! totally useless for anything except a quick perusal by people who do n't know any better !
 Alina Stanton Nov. 15Up From SlaveryThe author of this book is Booker T. Washington . This book is about Booker T Washington . It 's an autobiography of how he grew up as a slave and as a free man . It shows the struggles that a lot of poor slaves had when they were freed from slavery.When Booker was young he lived with his mom on one plantation , his dad lived on another . He lived with his mom , half brother , half sister and step dad . Booker really wanted an education , so he started to teach himself to read . He had an English dictionary that emphasized on the alphabet and he read it all the time . Soon the slaves were freed . Booker started going to a day school once it opened up . He was not able to go to school later on because he had to work in a coal mine with his dad . He made a deal with his dad to work on the coalmines early in the morning till nine then goes to school . When he was a little older he decided to go to a school called Hampton Institute in West Virginia . You can live there and work as well as go to school.While he lived there he had to work hard . He had to make money all the ways he could . He worked as a waitress a maid and a janitor . He met a general by the name of Armstrong . He respected this man a lot because he was very important . Booker felt honored to meet such a wealthy man , he liked the general a lot because he was very kind . General Armstrong gave Booker a personal check , which he had been saving for his own use , to help Tuskegee . That summer after his first year in the institute he had to work to pay off a sixteen-dollar debt . His mother died during the summer , he knew that he would never see her again . He graduated that year and then went to teach at the school that he attended when he was a boy . In 1878 he entered Wayland Seminary in Washington D.C. for a year of study . While he was there he made speeches in West Virginia for General Garfields presidency campaign . He graduated first class in Tuskegee in 1885 . In my opinion , this is a descent book . It shows how the poor slaves grew up in a white world and how they struggled . It has a lot of information on Bookers life and how he struggled to make a good living and get a good education . I think Booker T. Washington is a well mannered , honorable man .
 Factually shaky at many points , pedestrian prose , self-aggrandizing and a page turner only for wanting to finish the awful thing . What I found most offensive about this book was the author 's egotistical disdain for the , `` lesser climbers '' , of the team . In fact she and her fellow leaders showed nothing but hostility to many members and they all come off as smug , arrogant jerks . Having been on climbing expeditions before , there is a great deal of stress , raw feelings , etc , but the raw and condescending behavior of the author and trip leaders is disgusting . Do n't even get started on their ugly American `` analysis '' of Asians on Denali.Read this book if you one day want to write a mountaineering book and this one will point to every flaw in doing so .
 I give this book one star because it made nice lining for my bird cage . Others have described , more eloquently than I can , why this is not a good book to read . I found the author mean , pompous and racist . As a climber of many years I can honestly say I would never tie into a rope with her .
 I found the author to be overly dramatic and dreadfully overused tired cliches and crude , offensive language . She was absoulutely obsessed with outdoor urination and defication . The only redeeming quality to the book is it 's meticulous description of the boredom of being trapped during a storm for days on end in a small frozen tent . She talks about being offended by people being interested in the deaths and gore , yet she endlessly talks about body bags , the removal of the dead Koreans , etc. . If you want to know climbing from every conceivable angle , it 's worth a read , but do n't expect too much .
 I agree that the book is a egocentered blurt that only was successful b/c of the popularity of `` Everest '' stories . I can easily imagine her friends and husband , `` Oh Ruth Anne , you really MUST write your book ... '' Of course the ghost author was limited by her journal and interviews , I hope he was well paid . I have climbed all the mountains she writes about -LRB- and more -RRB- with women as equals , and Ruth Anne 's story is incredible in its simplistic vision of `` women '' and `` mountains '' . I agree that she slights her climbing partners , deifies the guides -LRB- hey , nice guys , I know them by reputation -RRB- , but she is yet another `` drone '' with a big enough check book to `` climb '' the mountain . Everest , Ruth Anne ? Okay , but I hope Dawa Sherpa has a tight rope that day . Sorry folks , if you think this is a book about climbing , it is n't , it 's a book about a woman who pays people to take her climbing . Okay , it was a good story at times , especially re
 Ruth Anne Kocour , the greatest female climber of all time documents her extreme valor in saving all souls on the mountain . Climbers live by a certain code , we help each other . Ms. Kocour apparently believes she is above and beyond helping the sick and dying climbers . She believes that `` the best thing mountaineers can do for others is to take care of themselves '' . When sitting in camp , not even a particularly high camp at that , climbers help one another . The summit is the goal but it is not what is most important . Ms. Koncour could not find the time to help out a climber who was in need of medical attention because she was busy clearing snow from her tent , something she did every few hours . she could not help this wretched soul ? Remember she is only at 13,000 feet . While this may sound high , it really is not . Conditions in a storm of the magnitude experienced that half week on denali are not fun , but the situation is not like K @ or Everest where medical help and resupply may be an impossobility depending on ones altitude . THe height that Ms Koncour refers too is still well within range of airplane and helicopter support . What we learn from this book and Ms. Koncour is that if ever we are on a climbing team with her , find another team , you wont regret it . Based on rep alone , i would not climb with her .
 I have to agree with others reviewers that Kocuour 's ego is a huge obstacle in reading this book . I 'm reminded of people who in conversation do nothing but bad-mouth others to compensate for their lack of confidence . Everyone else is weak , unrefined , stupid , or otherwise worth mocking . I 'm stuck with the passage where she gets mocks a fellow climber who has brought a book to read about jet airplanes . That 's the depth she goes to in her pettiness.The story itself is interesting and should be compelling , but getting past the author 's tone soured the reading experience for me.I have many mountaineering books . Ones I 'd heartily recommend are Joe Tasker and Peter Boardman 's `` The Boardman Tasker Omnibus '' , Jim Whittaker 's `` A Life on the Edge '' and Peter Potterfield 's `` In the Zone '' . These authors not only write well , but can convey the challenges and trials of mountaineering without narcissism . These books all sit proudly in my bookcase . Kocuour 's book is in a cardboard box in my basement .
 This book would be a joke if it were not dangerous . There 's nothing wrong with being guided on a mountain ... in fact , it may be a comparatively safe way to enjoy an outdoor experience -LRB- and it keeps many climbers employed . There 's also nothing wrong with writing about the experience of being guided ... David Roberts , Jon Krakauer , and others have done that entertainingly and tastefully . But to title it `` the extreme ... true courage...death-defying survival ... a quest '' shows serious signs of self-delusion . I am most concerned that some innocent will pick this book up , enjoy it , and do something really stupid.Hint
 Scrolling through the reviews of Facing The Extreme , it is easy to pick out , from their words , the type of climber I would choose to climb with and those I would not . Kocour 's mean-spirited book clearly gives climbers and women a bad name In fact , the best lesson to be gleaned from the chronicle of this arrogant and self-serving woman is
 Reading this book is like witnessing an accident
 I received a copy of this book as a gift and out of courtesy I read it despite misgivings spawned by the liner notes . In a poorly writen , poorly edited , poorly researched tribute to herself the author tries to describe the horrific ordeal she and her team mates -LRB- mostly her teammates , on whom she was merciless in her criticisms -RRB- endured on Denali . They were `` trapped '' at the 14,200 ' camp on Denali in a severe storm that claimed 11 lives in May of 1992 . The 14,200 ' camp is as large as any k-Mart parking lot and just as flat . The idea of `` clinging '' to the mountain from this camp is ridciulous . The camp had a ranger hut , staffed by park service rangers and volunteers as well as a medical station . I am sure that their stay there was uncomfortable , but far from life threatening . The author attempts to exaggerate her own situation at the expense of those who were truly in danger on the mountain and those who died there . Her attraction to a body bag containing the remains of a man who died at the 14200 ' camp -LRB- of natural causes -RRB- was ghoulish and nauseating . She put me in mind of the rear echelon soldier who presents second hand stories of the horrors of war as his own . The author claims that on `` the mountain '' the other climbers called her `` The Woman '' . I would venture to guess that her team mates called her a lot of other things as well . In summary , the Author attempted to portray a professionally guided climb on the easiest , busiest route on Mt. McKinley as something much more than it was and did so at the expense of others . * Note to the editor * Orizabo is not the second highest peak in North America . Mt. Logan is much higher and far more difficult . Talkeetna is about 70 miles from Denali , not 250 as stated over and over in the book
 I agree with many of the other reviewers ' criticisms of Kocour 's writing style and her contemptuous attitude toward other climbers . I would add that for her to refer to her experience as `` extreme '' shows her complete lack of credibility as a climber . Ms. Kocour was bored , cold and scared , and her feet got cold -- that 's all . Meanwhile , others died in the same storm . If you want to read about an `` extreme '' experience on Denali , try Davidson 's Minus 148 or Waterman 's In the Shadow of Denali . I also second those who recommended the Boardman-Tasker Omnibus .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book ! It was quick paced and gripping . The problem was when I put it down ... I felt sour -- like I 'd been cooped up on a mountain with a bunch of bumbling idiots for three weeks ... That was what stuck with me ... Could that have been the whole point of the book ??? To convey that ??? Was n't there something more important to convey ? Like Kocour 's experience with the mountain , or more importantly , with herself ? I wonder if she feels sour , still ...
 The more you know about mountaineering , the funnier you 'll find this book . There is little to like , but much to laugh at in Ruth Ann 's utterly unselfconscious self-portrait . If this were a comic novel it would be a dead-on parody of a certain strain of self-glorifying mountaineering literature . Think Nicholson Baker writing `` Into Thin Air '' from the point of view of Sandy Hill Pittman . And it starts with the twenty-two-word long title!Warning
 What an amazing accomplishment ! I wish she could had written the book better ! I admire mountaineers but this book was frustrating to read . She sounds so arrogant in this and just not a nice person . I can understand being on a team with some annoying or inexperienced people but that is the chance you take being part of a team . If she did n't want to listen to someone talk all the time or deal with someone that did n't have her experience she should have hired a private guide to take her up the mountain . She always mentioned her compliments and her achievements and how she triumphed eventhough she was a girl-and how the guys on the team would make comments - OH PLEASE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME . If you want a really good book read Into thin Air or Seven Summits .
 I had hoped to read a well-written book by a amateur woman climber in the style of `` Into Thin Air '' or Peter Boardman 's `` Shining Mountain . '' . Instead , I plowed through this tedious , annoying book to find that the more I knew about Kocour , the less I liked her.She continuously harps on the most minor failings of others , while viewing herself as superior to the other clients that she 's climbing with . Rather than trying to understand her teammates , she only talks about them in order to point out their mistakes . She is so smug that she routinely reveals her own failings as a climber without realizing it.By the time I was finished with this book , I had great sympathy for her teammates . I only had to tolerate her for 250 pages . They had to live with her for weeks!If you want to read a good mountaineering book , try the Boardman-Tasker Omnibus . It 's five books -LRB- published as one -RRB- written by Peter Boardman and Joe Tasker in the 70s and 80s . Sadly , they disappeared together on Everest in the early 80s , but their books are great !
 One unfortunate outgrowth of the success of excellent climber/writers such as Jon Krakauer , Greg Child and Bill Sherwonit is the publication of books such as Facing the Extreme , which seek to capitalize on the sudden interest in human suffering in the mountains . Facing the Extreme , by Ruth Anne Kocour and Michael Hodgson is filled with many seemingly small factual errors , which in the end add up , and made me question Ms. Kocour 's journalistic credibility -LRB- though she is not a journalist by trade , it is still her responsiblity as an author to get it right -RRB- . Though not a factual error , in the Author 's Note , Ms. Kocour tells us that she has changed the names of her fellow climbers -LRB- with the exception of the guides -RRB- as she can not '' ... speak for them or tell their story '' . What she dose n't come right out and tell you is that her portrayal of her fellow climbers is focused almost entirely on both their personal and mountaineering shortfalls . If we are to believe Ms. Kocour , she was the toughest , mentally and physically , the most skilled and the person with the fewest personality shortcomings . After elevating herself , she clearly had no choice but to change the names of her fellow climbers . My biggest problem with Facing the Extreme comes with the obvious lack of fact checking . Ms. Kocour states that Talkeetna is 70 miles from Anchorage , when it is approximately 114 miles . She also tells us that Denali is 250 miles from Talkeetna and the single engine Cessna made the flight to Denali Base Camp in 40 minutes , an obvious impossiblity . Denali is actually only 60 miles by road from Talkeetna . In addition , there are serious climbing factual errors as well , all the more shocking considering Ms. Kocour 's oft repeated -LRB- in the text anyway -RRB- expertise . Ms. Kocour claims that while camped at high camp at 17,200 feet the climbers had now entered the `` death zone '' . Actually , the `` death zone '' as it is known to climbers , begins at approximately 26,000 feet , nearly 9,000 feet higher than high camp on Denali . In fact , Base Camp on Mount Everest , where climbers spend close to 2 months at a time is at approximately 17,700 feet , some 500 feet higher that high camp on Denali . Ms. Kocour also states that she '' ... had been to 23,000 feet on Aconcagua '' , difficult to do since Aconcagua is 22,841 feet high , a seemingly small error , but an important distiction to climbers . If you want to spend money reading books by female climbers/explorers I suggest The Climb of my Life by Laura Evans , or Artic Daughter by Jean Aspen .
 This is an as-told-to tale of enduring a ferocious storm for almost two weeks on North America 's highest peak , Mt. Denali -LRB- Mt. McKinley -RRB- . It is a tale worth telling for Denali , while not a technically difficult mountain to climb , is known for the worst storms on earth . The first problem is Ms. Kocour 's exaggerations and misinformation diminishes the very story she wants to tell.The second problem is Ms. Kocour herself . Her own words make her sound like an arrogant , bigoted,self-satisfied , braggart . Her lack of charity toward her teammates and fellow climbers is breathtakingly insensitive . She has a fawning regard for her professional guides and an almost girlish awe of chance meetings with elite climbers Jim Wickwire and John Roskelley , but a rare good word for her fellow amateurs.The author continually refers to being trapped in the `` Death Zone , '' a height where humans can not acclimate to the altitude , and the human body deteriorates . This `` Zone '' is above 26,246 feet . The camp where the author was stranded was 8,000 feet below this extreme . To give a comparison , Everest 's base camp -LRB- the beginning of the climb -RRB- is higher than the camp at which Ms. Kocour was stranded . The entire route her party took has fixed lines , and they were roped to their guides at all times during their climb . It was not what anyone would call an intrepid , daring ascent . The `` ledge '' where her team bivouacked accommodated six tents , a ranger hut and a large medical station , more resembling a mall parking lot than a ledge.The descriptions of the storm are good , and it is easy to imagine the fear , the claustrophobia , and the boredom of being confined to such close quarters in the monstrous elements for such an extended period of time . It is a cautionary tale for anyone who thinks Denali is a walk in the park . It is not.I awarded the second star for Ruth Anne 's self-portrayal of a lady you 'd love to see get her comeuppance . Makes you want to see a book by one of her teammates describing the trials and tribulations of climbing with Ruth Anne .
 After reading `` Into Thin Air '' by Jon Krakauer and `` The Climb '' by Anatoli Boukreev with G. Weston DeWalt , both of which were excellent and engaging books , I turned to `` Facing the Extreme '' by Ruth Anne Kocuour . Like Krakauer and Boukreev , Kocuour found herself high on a dangerous mountain in a blizzard . Like them , she survived , while others met their death . Unlike Krakauer and Boukreev , she did not write a great book about her experiences . The biggest problems with this book are the constant flow of bad jokes and puns , the constant put-downs of several of her climbing companions , and her total lack of modesty . Krakauer opines in his book that who lived and who died was a matter of chance , and that he could have easily died . Kocuour repeatedly tells the reader that it was her skill and planning that made her a survivor . I found her and her book to be obnoxious and less than entertaining .
 I 've been immersed in books of this genre in preparation for a class I 'm planning to teach , and I have to say that this was one of the most annoying . Yes , the description of the storm and the deaths of other climbers is harrowing , but gosh . Ruth Anne is so impressed with herself that it 's hard to get past her self-descriptions and appreciate the narrative . The others on her team -LRB- with the exception of her tentmate and the guides -RRB- are all unworthy of being there . The other teams on the mountain are all unworthy of being there . Everyone is either foolish , obnoxious , a danger to others , or just plain weak . But not Ruth Anne . She is the best climber , the best , most supportive tentmate , the most patient teammate . At the end , she quotes one of the guides as saying , `` I 'd climb with you anywhere . '' Maybe he would , but such self-serving comments are a distraction . As a comparison , read Roskelley 's Nanda Devi . Equally harrowing , but Roskelley has no qualms about portraying himself as arrogant and impatient , and one can see how his presence on a team can be destructive . I wish Ruth Anne had been a bit more scrutinizing of herself . Or maybe she really is a mountaineering saint .
 Poor Ruth Anne . She is bitter and unnecesarily contemptuous in many of the passages about her fellow climbers and I found her attitude to be nasty at best , not to mention immature . At one point , when describing the first time she met one of her teammates , she insulted his looks and called him `` ugly . '' How shallow can a grown adult get ? At any rate I gave it two stars because it is fairly interesting in that it is an account of the terrible storm she had the misfortune of being a part of . The writing is bad but then you have about twenty other reviews here which delve into this so I 'll leave it alone . If you want to read some truly inspiring mountaineering stories check out some of these books
 I really wanted to like this book . Most climbing accounts are written by superstars of the sport . Ms. Kocour 's book held promise of an honest account of an amateur `` weekend warrior '' . The struggle of a group of amateur climbers thrown together to climb Denali has all the elements of a superb human drama . Unfortunately , the depiction of the human spirit is perhaps the Mt. Everest of writing , and Ms. Kocour is not an Everest climber - in either the mountaineering or the literary sense . Her character development is one-dimensional at best . The guides are all-wise guardian angels whose cosmic connection to the mountain is boringly infallible . Her fellow clients are either hapless bumblers or selfish dolts who would run off in panic were it not for the heroic presence of the author . Ms. Kocour 's dialogue is downright silly . She apparently equates crudity with authenticity , which perhaps accounts for her preoccupation with the many ways to defecate and urinate on the mountain . Upon her deliverance off the mountain , she gushes to her guide , `` You did a great job of leading - a tribute to your family 's storied mountaineering and guiding history '' . Do you think she really said that ? Do you talk that way ? Ms. Kocour compounds the problem by trying to portray her trip -LRB- and her role in it -RRB- as an astonishing mountaineering feat , which it was not . Sure , there was a bad storm , but while Ms. Kocour was spending several chapters admiring her own ability to sit in the tent waiting for her guides to cook her dinner , Park Service rangers and mountain rescue personnel were out in the teeth of the storm , working to help climbers . Their presence is barely acknowledged . Climbing Denali on a guided trip is a tremendous physical and mental challenge , and Ms. Kocour is right to be proud of it . However , her trip should not be confused with a right of passage to `` serious '' mountaineering . Any reasonably fit individual with three weeks and a few thousand dollars can sign on with any one of several excellent guide services to be led up the West Buttress of Denali . Hundreds of people do it every year . Ms. Kocour 's very accomplished guides told the clients when to get up , what to carry , what direction to go and where to camp . The customers , including Ms. Kocour , followed their guide every day , tied in line to a rope . To assert , as Kocour does , that being led up the West Buttress of Denali along with two or three hundred other people qualifies her to climb Everest is the sort of hubris that has contributed to so many deaths on that mountain . All in all , this is just a bad book . It could have been the story of an individual 's triumph over her own limits . Instead , it was a tiresome tribute by the author to herself . Were it not for the mass market success of Jon Krakauer 's Everest account , this book would have been rightly relegated to the bargain bin . I wo n't even start on the editing
 ... well , I 'd say read Jon Krakauer 's Into Thin Air . Or even Boukreev 's The Climb or David Brashears High Exposure . I thought this book would be interesting because it 's a different summit and a female climber . It does move at a brisk pace but it 's definitely not up to par with the other titles.To be fair , Kocour is not a professional writer . And while her interment on Denali might have been suspenseful for her , considering most of it was spent tentbound in a blizzard where she never appears to be in real danger there 's not a lot going on for the reader . She is also -LRB- as other reviewers have observed -RRB- rather ungenerous towards her fellow climbers . Even her tentmate , the only one she seemed to get along with , gets described as `` pleasant to look at , though not particularly handsome . '' And despite the assistance of a professional writer , some of the wording is awkward bordering on hilarious . Example
 This book was awesome . I could n't put it down . Ruth is awesome too . Aside from being in the death zone at 17,200 and thinking that she might walk off the six thousand foot drop while shoveling snow off her tent at the ice shelf at 14,200 , my favorite part was when she said that Bradford Washington has the first ascent of Mt. Denali . Thats awesome . To set the facts straight the first ascent was in 1913 by walter harper as a member of the hudson stuck expedition . and bradford WASHBURN has the first ascent of the west buttress in 1951 . This is an awesome book .
 If you are seriously considering climbing Denali , or are dying for a harrowing adventure to read about , then this book is a good read . But if the answer to the above question -LRB- s -RRB- is no , think about skipping it.The author is a literary lightweight , leaving one to wonder just what she needed the co-author for in the first place ; the writing still is weak . Truly bothersome is the mostly feeble attempts at humor in the conversations between herself and her climbing partners , especially `` Craig '' . In the early going , her goody-goody humor is dull ; but if you can stick it out and get to the section where the massive storm engulfs their camp , the book does indeed become engrossing.I am not certain that the author had , as of this climb anyway , yet attained the claim of `` world-class '' mountaineer . Clearly she seems to be a solid climber with good instincts and a good understanding of preparation . But from her writing in this book I am convinced she is a ... , and would , like other reviewers of this book , love to read an account of this climb from any of her companions ' perspectives . I have climbed and camped with people that did n't belong on the mountain and had personalities that can repel even the most sympathetic of individuals ; I would n't dream of trashing them in a book the way this author did . Sure she changed the names of all but the two leaders , but ... The paperback edition has decent b & w photographs , but lacks a map . It is too bad the author chose not to include the real names of her fellow climbers and especially unfortunate not to see a team photograph or photos of the other climbers . ...
 After reading Jon Krakauer 's book , I had to have more ! Unfortunately , I choose Ruth Ann Kocour 's book , which reads like an account of a life-threatening adventure as told by an adolescent . Although she is not a journalist , her recounting of conversations do not ring true and all the `` voices '' sound alike . And while I appreciated some insight into how bodily functions are handled on the mountain , a more mature attitude would have gone a long way .
 I chose this book out of sheer desperation when I was looking for a good investment book on Holidays.This book is so far slanted toward a fundamentalist approach that I believe the author thinks Graham and Buffett are gods . It reads very poorly and the author could have imparted his message in less than a few pages.The author also denigrades all technical analysis with a few choice statistics that do not hold water very well.In my view this is a big let down , and I wish I could get my time and money back .
 I am going to be in the minority here , and give the book a negative review . This book is only suited to those who have very little experience in fundamental analysis , or those who are a little interested in the Chinese culture . For those who want to learn about Sun Tzu 's work , this is probably not a good place to start as the book covers only a small portion of it . Montgomery tries hard to make analogies between Sun Tzu 's combat strategies and investment , but only manages to sound convincing half the time . Each new chapter will begin with Sun Tzu 's philosophy . Parallels with investment strategies are made . The rest of the chapter would then concentrate on fundamental analysis . The sections of Montgomery 's book on fundamental analysis are sound , and the case studies he cites are interesting . Investors who are new to investment would certainly enjoy stories of great investors such as Warren Buffet . The section on how to read financial statements is simple and will gently lead beginners into the area . Perhaps the most frustrating aspect of the book is Montgomery 's incessant criticism of technical analysis , day-trading , and swing trading . A biased one-sided comparison given during introductions should be enough to vent his apparent anger at day-traders . Instead , the author launches a fresh salvo every chapter , and enjoys associating technical analysis with tea leaves reading , and likes to take his time to equate day-traders with fools . I think a more grounded argument would have been preferable to petty name calling . One wonders why 1/5 of the book is spent on bashing people who do n't do long term investments . A chip on his shoulder , perhaps ? If he had any training in technical analysis , he would realise that Sun Tzu 's philosophy of universal truths also applies well in that area . My advice
 As a redhead , I was excited to read this book about the myth and lore of redheads ... not to read about the author 's own `` flowing like water red hair and her flickering hazel eyes . '' The author 's overuse of unnecessary metaphors and meaningless personal anecdotes made this book incomprehensible to even the most astute reader . By page 3 of this book , an intended recreational read had quickly turned into an agonizingly painful endeavor.Don ' t bother reading this book , if you are interested in the myth and lore of redheads , Google `` red head '' and watch `` I Love Lucy '' reruns .
 I picked up this book from my library because the cover looked interesting and the blurb looked interesting . The book consists more musings and less research and organization . The author begins to tell a story or talk about a myth or idea , and then jumps from topic to topic , and we never see the end of her train of thought.I stopped reading around Chapter 3 , when the book turned to the `` taboo '' of being a redhead in the Elizabethan era without any mention of Queen Elizabeth being a redhead - not to mention that red hair during this time was actually quite fashionable .
 I found a number of inaccuracies in this book , causing me to wonder about the veracity of other information presented . I was at the Witch Camp mentioned in the book ; the author not only had several facts wrong , she cited two different numbers for total attendance ; each figure was incorrect , but I was amazed that an editor did n't catch the inconsistency of her inaccuracies . In her stretch to use `` fresh '' language , she sometimes completely ignored the meanings of words . While using `` hair '' terms , such as `` braided '' cleverly , the impact was dulled by redundancy . The book contains many loose ends . For instance , she has heard that witches are often red-headed and goes to witch camp to check on this - yet she never tells us how many - if any - red heads were there . On the other hand , she claims that there were a preponderance of witches named Lilith - personally , I know of only two by that name in attendance then . She claims that the Vikings were red headed . While this may be so , the more common assumption is that Vikings were blond ; Eric the Red was so-called because of his unusual and therefore distinguishing coloring . Perhaps an editor could have salvaged this book ; as it is , it 's a carelessly written bit of nonsense .
 I was given this book as a gift and as a redhead myself I was excited to read it . All I can say is that I am glad I did not pay good money for it . The writing is so bad and pointless and does nothing to prove a point or even tell a story . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS BOOK !
 Agree with NY red , skip it . Half the book is personal `` Deep Thoughts '' and the other half stuff about red hair you could already read on the web for free .
 A pretty light read , fluffy really . So I went to see what other reviewers thought , and redheaded fan is -LRB- according to the Wish List attached to their review -RRB- also named Gary Taubes . Not the same Gary Taubes who gets thanked personally in the acknowledgments to this very book ?! Wow , that would be TOTALLY inappropriate , to go to some site -LRB- or anywhere I 'd say -RRB- and give a ravey review to an old friend who thanks you in that book . If Redheaded Fan is some other person who just happens also to be named Gary Taubes , then nice for you you found something you liked reading . I did n't .
 My wife and I are both redheads , so we were really looking forward to reading this book . It is absolutely terrible . It is vulgar , anti Christian with no redeeming qualities . My wife could not even finish it . I read the whole thing hoping that it would get better . It did not . I sure hope that it never makes the library .
 This book poses somewhat of a conundrum . Is it an over-thought monologue on the author 's own hair color , or an exceedingly dull scholarly treatise ? The answer
 I had to force myself to finish this book . I kept waiting for it to get good , or have a real point to it . I am a real redhead and was excited to learn all about the genetics and myths surrounding my haircolor . While I learned some things , I could have read a 10-page essay instead of this wordy 220-page book . Seriously , she would write an entire chapter on something that needed only a paragraph to explain.I loved how with 20 pages left to go she comes to the realization that a redhead 's identity is shaped not just by the myths and by genetics , but also by one 's personal experiences . Gee , you think ? I could n't relate to much of what this woman wrote about . Also , she makes sweeping generalizations about redheads , many of which were not true in regards to me . For example , apparently I am the only one on the planet to have never heard that all redheads are witches.In regards to being anti-Christian , she writes that she understands why someone would not want to be Lutheran without explaining it . Um , that 's certainly not respectful of the Christian religion . There are other slights which someone super sensitive might be taken aback by , and which those that are anti-Christian would n't even begin to notice . However , as a Christian I did n't put this book down offended on a religious level , but more on a redheaded level . The idea that we all share the same identity is ludicrous .
 This is an absolute waste of paper and money . There are very few interesting facts , historical or other wise , about redheads in this book . It is mostly overly wordy personal anecdotes of the author.Let me stress the overly wordy part.I 'm still looking for that book that I had hoped this one was ... you know the one about the myths , beliefs , facts , etc of redheads ... of which I am proudly one ...
 poorly written and all over the place . And I got it the first 45 times
 I was excited to receive this book . I am a red head and have an infant son with red hair too . This book was very boring . I hung in there hoping it would get better but soon found myself skipping pages . It did not hold my interest and did n't seem to make much sense . I have a red headed girlfriend that I was going to pass it on to but after reading it I have changed my mind . The cover is attractive so therefore it makes a good coffee table book .
 I also was really looking forward to reading this book but had to force myself to finish . As a redhead , I feel armed with some more knowledge about the history of redheads but was left ... hanging , somehow.I found it disjointed and it was not an enjoyable read .
 I am a redhead `` wannabe . '' My mom and my grandma and great-grandma were all redheads , but I got dark brown hair . I used to use all kinds of dyes to go red , but now I am into natural living so I 'm experimenting with lemon juice and henna . When I saw the gorgeous red and gold curls on the cover at the library , and then read the title and subtitle , I just had to read the book.Well , I am sure glad I got it from the library and did n't buy it ! What a waste of time . The title , the blurb , and the chapter headings seem so promising , yet the book never delivers . It meanders around , skipping here and there , wandering off on tangents , and never getting to the point . There were a few tidbits of good information sprinkled throughout , but the lack of focus and organization just made the book a big disappointment.I did get one good piece of information , though . I found out that madder can be used for coloring hair red . I will be experimenting with that now , since henna , which gives beautiful red results at first , always deepens into a browner color within a week or so
 As a redhead , I bought this book hoping to get some coherent info about redheads throughout history . Honestly , I put the book down a while ago and have n't been able to pick it back up . There 's something about the way that Ms. Roach writes that feels like eating cotton candy all day - it 's vacuous without much substance . She flows into tangent after tangent , with moments of wit , and then fails to deliver any `` final knowledge . `` As far as any allegations of an anti-christian nature to the book , well , it 's called superstition , and christians were n't exempt from that , however much they would try to deny it . Ms. Roach does discuss witch meetings , so if you 're threatened by that , stay away.Overall , not worth the money .
 Since I have a red-headed daughter , this sounded lioke a fun book to read . I gave it up just about 1/3 of the way through . Maybe it got better but I was n't going to stay around to find out . The author really stretched it to make her point . Her point ? Maybe becasue she 's a redhead , she wanted to be so very , very special , so she took a few supposed facts and made a whole concept from them . Come on ! Trying to make redheads all some sort of special witches , monmsters , super-human people was dumb . And she totally dissed red-headed men . My husband read it through but we both quickly decided NOT to send it to our daughter .
 The author fills up a great deal of space with musings about her own family and her own life . She makes huge , inaccurate assumptions about all redheads based upon herself , none of which apply to me , also a natural redhead . The author has a decidedly Christian perspective , which , as a Jewish redhead , I found distasteful . I thought this book would reveal some fascinating information about red hair , but it was sorely disappointing . A waste of time , really .
 A few helpful hints among 160 pages of wasted space . Not a solution in the book . Nice pictures , but not practical for the family looking for storage and orgainzation ideas . Even the choice of font and layout make this one difficult to read . If you are looking for a practical home orgainization book -LRB- I was looking for a home office organization book -RRB- , skip this one .
 While this book on nutritional biochemistry was adequate when it came out in 1999 , much has changed in seven years . Without an update of the way daily allowances are now determined , new findings in the area of molecular biology , etc. the potential buyer may be rewarded by waiting for the next edition . It is interesting to note that most of the reviews came from the author .
 The book is so painfully simplistic , it looks as though it was made in one sitting . How could we possibly insult our children by making them think they 're THIS ignorant?One child was swift to point out , `` Does Larry have a last name , too ? Or is he sharing the last name of Lilly ? As in ` Harry and Lily Potter ' do?And I had no choice but to confirm that yes , there is indeed a reason why these books are so . . uh ... disturbing . They 're related . And happily dating.Btw , the first book , `` Larry Potter and his best friend Lilly ... '' you can clearly see in the book cover that Lilly , for a best friend , is a little too snug on the `` personal space '' touching . Even Ron would n't be caught in that pose with Harry and they 're REAL best friends ! So does that cover count as a spoiler ? Cause for some strange reason `` More than just friends '' was more of a joke than a surprise . . Glad it was borrowed and not bought.And grats on little Kathrine smart enough to figure out the mystery behind the nonsense ! < 3
 My cousin bought this book to read to his young sons . I decided to read it first before he did.At first I thought it was going to be all right . But as I started to read the story . I found that it was flat and not moving like you would have thought . Plus the title itself states sexual possiblities between Lilly and Larry Potter.Now do n't get me wrong here , More than just friends is a term that most older adults would use for their ` sexual partners ' who are not married to them . If I told my friend that I 'm more than just friends with so and so person , the first thing that comes to their mind is oh she 's having sex with him.I did n't read past the first three pages which is more than I did with the other books , I returned the book to my cousin and told him return it for a refund or an exchange of another book that is worth your time to read to your sons.Don ' t waste your money on this book it 's not worth it .
 you may not take me seriously because i am a teenager but i am a big fan of the harry potter books . larry potter pails in comparison to harry potter and basically any other book it also uses similar termonoilgy and is a copycat that is why i even brought up harry potterso dont waste your time reading this book life isnt long enough
 haha ! yeah sure ! this book is good for nobody ! do n't waste your time !
 This book was a monumentous waste of anyones time . It could 've been possibly the worst book i 've ever read . This book is supposed to be for kids ? The kids themselves could of written a better story than this piece of junk ! Take my advice - save a tree and ditch this terrible book !
 This books presents itself as a helpful guide to programmers , promoters , and everyday jocks for programming improvement . Surprisingly , the book was primarily based on author Quincy McCoy 's own journey through the ranks in radio and his personal trials along the way . McCoy 's story , albeit a testament of his talent , unfortunately lacks a great deal of content for those who are looking for a `` book of good radio ideas '' . A better choice for today 's programming staff , in more encyclopedic form and coming from another radio guru , isRadio
 i could only read an hour of this poor paraphrase . ive read many paraphrases and this is one of the worst .
 I am in no way knocking the author 's writing . Whoever transfered this book did not do a good job . The story is disjointed and when turning the page does not match up with what was just read . From what I can make of this story it was good andnot a long read . Of course i have no idea how much is missing .
 A few years ago I redHow To Make Money In Stocks
 although written decades ago , its still has some good info . Not a book for beginning independent investors . more for someone that has been trading awhile and likes a refresher course . a good read in all .
 The Battle for Investment SurvivalHailed as a must-read classic , I decided to pick up a copy . Having first been published in 1935 , I wondered just how relevant its teachings are today -LRB- the copy I read was from 1965 -RRB- . I also wondered how successful Loeb was in his own investment endeavors . Sure , he spent many years at the now defunct E. F. Hutton , eventually becoming chairman , but how well did he do or the company for that matter under his guidance ? I certainly would not want to take advice from someone who was only moderately successful or worse yet , a failure . I almost put the book down just as quickly as I picked it up - Loeb 's writing style is difficult to follow , convoluted and extremely random at times . It may be a reflection of the prose of his time or perhaps he 's just a poor writer , nevertheless , it is his first chapter - `` It Requires Knowledge , Experience and Flair '' that inspired me to continue.Sadly , I could only make it through 15 of the core 33 chapters . As I mentioned before , Loeb 's writing style and lack of organized thoughts makes this book just too unbearable to read . I would imagine that most readers never make it past chapter 5 which could explain why after being in publication since 1935 , there are so few reviews -LRB- anywhere -RRB- . I did find some good nuggets of information but for the most part , the effort-to-reward ratio was just not good enough to justify further reading . Most of his concepts -LRB- and that 's about all they are -RRB- have been repeated by many financial artisans for many years and I 'm sure for many years to come . Whether they are Loeb 's ideas or not , it 's unlikely you 'll be able to tell for sure.What follows , is a chapter-by-chapter analysis of what I personally got out of his book.Chapter 1 - It Requires Knowledge , Experience and Flair `` Nothing is more difficult , I truly believe , than consistently and fairly profiting in Wall Street , '' and '' ... the problem which the ` Man on the Street , ' often far from a success in his own field , thinks he easily can solve '' and several other bold statements in the same vein , provide a subtle , yet in-your-face analysis of the arrogance of the average investor who hopes to get something for nothing . As a result , Loeb states that it takes real knowledge gained from real experiences to even have a chance at success and even then , your success is questionable.He also believes , and I found this quite interesting , that market pricing is much less based on a company 's fundamentals -LRB- balance sheet/income statement -RRB- than on a whole host of other influences including emotion.Even with the requisite knowledge and experience and even flair , you still might not succeed . This whole first chapter is a bit of `` tough '' love whereby Loeb wants you to know just how difficult it is to succeed in Wall Street and how -LRB- likely -RRB- ill-equipped you are at succeeding based on your more than -LRB- likely -RRB- common and unimpressive laurels . If you really want to succeed in Wall Street , you better `` step-up '' your `` game '' in a big way.If you have n't been traumatized too badly , Loeb rewards you with your first rule : Rule # 1 - Buy only something that is quoted daily and can be bought and sold in an auction market daily.This is really quite simple and helps avoid one of the greatest pitfalls of trying to do too much , too fast and getting in over your head . Buy stocks you can easily sell if the need arises.To summarize , it 's extremely difficult to become a successful investor in Wall Street . Most do n't have what it takes and are n't willing to put in the time to be successful . If you are n't willing , move on . But if you are , work hard , very hard and good luck.Chapter 2 - Speculative Attitude EssentialWhat I think Loeb was saying here is that preservation of capital can only be attained through speculation . Let 's clarify the meanings of `` preservation of capital '' and `` speculation '' . `` Preservation of capital '' should mean that any offsets -LRB- e.g. , taxes , inflation , fees , etc. -RRB- of capital should not diminish the future value of your initial capital investment . That is , capital invested today should have at least the same purchasing power in the future that it has today . For example , if you invested $ 1000 today into a tool yielding 3 % annual interest , you would lose 1 % of your capital at the end of one year if the annual rate of inflation was 4 % . Thus , you would not be preserving your capital . Speculation in this context means to engage in an opportunity -LRB- investment -RRB- where the chance of reward is high . I do n't believe he means one should throw caution to the wind , however.I think the chapter title is misleading . Ultimately , the goal is to make good money , but at the very least , one should preserve capital . This can only be done by engaging in opportunity that offers high reward - speculation . One or two large gains should offset and hopefully improve upon the several smaller losses one is likely to have . Go big or go home should be the message in this chapter.Chapter 3 - Is There an Ideal Investment?As if you really need to ask ; but if you do , then `` no '' there is n't . Really , this is all he should have said and left it at that . Instead Loeb decided to go off on a journey where random thoughts came and went like fireflies in night . Nothing , really , was cohesive and one thought did not appear to be logically linked to the next . I found myself repeatedly reading the chapter over and over and each time feeling just as frustrated.There is n't an ideal investment but if you really want to succeed , you must separate yourself from the herd ; do n't do what everyone else is doing because their results are at best , lackluster . True success , just like true leaders is not found on every street corner . You must work hard to stand out and succeed.Chapter 4 - Pitfalls for the InexperiencedRestrict and focus your efforts ; do n't try to do too much . You must become an expert in the basics before you can even consider other investment vehicles . Start with `` active , seasoned issues , listed on a major Stock Exchange '' - echoing Loeb 's first rule.Avoid the many distractions - IPOs , penny stocks , sucker mailings , etc. - that often prove fatal to the inexperienced . Specialization is preferred to dabbling . Be the best you can be in one or two endeavors , not `` so , so '' in many . Do n't try to be a `` Jack of all trades , master of none . '' The bottom line , KISS - keep it simple silly.Chapter 5 - How to Invest for Capital AppreciationThis chapter was filled with random thoughts and left me asking `` what does all this have to do with how I might invest for capital appreciation ? '' The chapter has several general suggestions that do n't tell me how , that might be better served in another chapter - `` General Guidelines '' perhaps . I 'll leave the reading of this chapter to you to determine what you think is important.One thing is clear , however , Loeb believes your investment philosophy should be to invest for appreciation rather than income -LRB- e.g. , dividends , etc. -RRB- . Going one step further , he believes it 's better to `` let cash lie idle '' rather than to invest for income . He believes this policy can keep you out of a potentially dangerous market . You could extrapolate that if there are n't any stocks worthy of investment , it 's because the market has turned or is turning negative.Loeb promotes gaining more experience and suggests maintaining only one position at a time , with no more than 100 shares . Before moving on to another position , close out the current position . He believes this will offer you greater experience and allow you more time to focus and become more aware of the characteristics of successful investing . This philosophy of one position is opposite of diversification - a fairly radical approach even in today 's market.Another of his conflicting mainstream philosophy is his advocacy of timing . He believes there are good and bad times to enter a position . I believe he 's primarily concerned about timing stock purchases , but market timing surely plays a large role in that as well . What is n't clear is how he defines timing . He could mean the very short-term timing one might use as a day-trader or timing in the respect of not buying into a position until it 's close to making a substantial movement . I would tend to think it would be closer to the former as he also promotes short-term investing over long-term - another highly polarized investing philosophy.Chapter 6 - Speculation vs. InvestmentIf you 'll remember from chapter 2 , speculation means to engage in an opportunity -LRB- investment -RRB- where the chance of reward is high . Loeb offers a specific goal
 This has got to be one of the worst self-help books I have ever seen . The author starts with the warning `` Please remove your political hat beofre reading . This book will self-destruct in the hands of politicians and policy wonks . '' Clearly , the author intends to be non-political , right ? WRONG!Of course , I should have been smart enough to know that a book endorsed by Chuck Colson -LRB- Founder of Prison Fellowship Ministries -RRB- would be anything but apolitical , or anything but a piece of propaganda for the religious right . But I thought maybe Ms. Morse could get beyond that . On the contrary she used the religious right 's platform as her beginning arguments and tried to make them fit the complex world of sexual relationships . In the process she develops some rather strange and dangerous concepts.For example , in a section describing the horrors of cohabitation , she describes how oxytocin is pumped into a woman 's bloodstream when she is in labor , breastfeeding , or having an orgasm . She also says that oxytocin is known to decrease a person 's cognitive ability and impair memory . Then she concludes that `` This combination of factors may also explain why domestic violence is so much more prevalent among cohabiting couples than among married couples . '' What ? How does a marriage license decrease oxytocin unless the age old joke about marriage decreasing the frequency of sex is correct.Without understanding Maslow 's heirarchy of human needs , Ms. Morse pokes fun at statements by Gloria Feldt of Planned Parenthood saying reproductive self-determination is a fundamental freedom . Ms. Morse claims that sex was meant to have consequences of pregnancy and to remove that consequence is both irrational and wrong . Clearly , the progress that we have made since distributing information about contraceptives was illegal should all be turned around . Ms. Morse liked things just fine when people were required to accept the consequences of unintended pregnancy . And the higher the risk , the better . The fact that women almost always bear the greater burden is lost on our sexist Ms. Morse , who thinks that must be the natural order of things.She even re-defines date-rape so she can blame the victims who are `` talked into '' having sex . If it were real rape it would n't need to be called `` date rape '' she claims , thus eliminating in her mind any seriousness to the problem . In fact she says , `` If sex were really no big deal , just another activity , then being talked into unwanted sexual activity should n't be any bigger deal than being talked into going to a ball game when you would have preferred a movie . '' If a man had compared date rape to being persuaded to attend a ball game , he would never hear the end of it . Ms. Morse should be called on this as well.Don ' t bother to buy the book . Check it out of the library if you must but this sort of pseudo self-help should n't be encouraged .
 This book disappointingly fails to live up to its fame . A turgid , stream-of-consciousness narrative of social criticism , it seems only indirectly interested in its own subject matter . Wading through this dull and totally unerotic tome is in itself an exercise in masochism .
 Maybe I expected too much from this book . I thought this book could give me more insight into the dangers of statistical interpretations or the wrongful use of statistics . This book did n't help me at all with that . It 's all very -LRB- very -RRB- basic stuff people should watch out for , when using statistics . Most of this I already knew . I think for anybody who has already red a book from Nicholas Taleb -LRB- or anything alike -RRB- this book will not present any new material.To people completely new to statistics , this book might be helpfull , but to those who frequently use statistics for their jobs or in their free time , this book wo n't add any value . There are much better books on statistics out there .
 The information was presented in simple language for the non-statistician . It was helpful to consider how statistics are presented and how they can be interpreted . The examples were outdated .
 It 's a cute book , although utterly misleading . The Atlantic wrote
 It discussed statistics , I guess , but it did n't discuss anything that would be taught in a college statistics course.I was hoping to be provided with material on how to calculate and come up with something statistically . It only talked about people misusing numbers.I think that most high-school students are likely to already have most of the information provided in the book . I am 35 and was mostly disappointed .
 Do you know the difference between the mean , median , and mode ? If yes , chances are this book wo n't do much for you.The author addresses how those with an agenda may use any of the `` averages '' to create a story that fits the narrative they want to tell . Others may rely on very small -LRB- or biased -RRB- samples to advertise a seemingly large effect that arises just by chance and would go away with a larger -LRB- or representative -RRB- sample . That is , unfortunately , all the meat there is to this book.I do n't know if I 'm just not the target audience for the book . I almost feel bad giving it two stars , as the examples are at times somewhat amusing . However , the book took me only two hours to read , suggesting the `` light on content '' critique may not be entirely unfair.As an alternative reading , I would suggest Nate Silver 's `` The Signal and the Noise
 There is nothing in this book that you wo n't find in a begining statistics course . The author gives lots of definitions of the most commonly used words and then provides examples . The reading is light and easy and sometimes amusing . However , it is a flimsy paperback made from low quality paper . There are LOTS of typos in this book . Definitely not worth $ 12 .
 I had hoped to really like this book , because the theme seemed so pertinent and promising . Instead , I was sadly disappointed . It was very much like watching Oprah . Lots of sunny stories about community turnaround , neatly packaged for consumption , with no individual relevance or useful guidelines for reproducing the effect elsewhere . This is not a book about getting to know your neighbors , or building bridges in your community . Whether this is a failing of the book , or just misleading marketing you can decide .
 -LRB- women have left the home and family and gone to work ! -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Insert this every other sentence ! -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- figuring out the problem is not hard , its admitting it . -LRB- hint , dont kneejerk and yell hate and sexist , this is a woman writing , who stays home with the kids and whose own mom stayed home with the kids , rem those days ? the 60 's ? oh gee why has everything changed ?! you know the answer , just admit it.A sense of communityWe know all about the women who live along Wisteria Lane , but not what 's going on with the people who live on our own street . We instant message with strangers around the world while hardly talking to the neighbor next door . We know the middle names of celebrity children , though we have no idea who the kid across the street is.It 's the American way , or perhaps the demise of the American way.Fewer people know their neighbors , a decline that 's been occurring since the late 1960s , according to the book `` Better Together
 This book was fair ... not as good as I expected though . The music was at an intermediate level but the arrangements could have been a lot better than they were . In general , I like the arrangements from Gary Dahl because they sound more musical . I am a professional accordion artist and in order to make these arrangements sound good enough to the point where I would feel comfortable performing them in public , I would basically have to re-arrange them myself ... which defeats the purpose of buying a book of pre-arranged accordion songs .
 A friend gave me this book as a gift because she had found it to be `` hilarious . `` Huh?I have to admit that the only reason I finished this book was that I was trying desparately to find something , anything , funny in it . Unfortunately , the story was ponderous , depressing , and egregiously pretentious from beginning to end .
 It is on a very rare occasion that I fail to finish a book.I feel compelled to say that this was one of them . After 100 pages I decided I could take no more . This book started me off on the wrong foot . The introduction produced a large number of characters all at once which were impossible to assimilate . The author failed to capture an audience with such boring characters and much of the narration was in rambling form .
 This review is written narrowly for those who already have either the previous `` Big Blue '' or `` Fat Yellow '' MIT editions and are are wondering whether it 's worth it to spring for this new edition.Although listed as the `` seventh edition , '' there are really three major versions of Effective Cycling . The 1975 mimeograph book , which was tweaked around and reissued several times , a 1984 MIT edition -LRB- `` Big Blue '' -RRB- and a 1993 MIT Edition -LRB- `` Fat Yellow '' -RRB- . How is this new version different?By the time `` Fat Yellow '' was published , it suffered from three problems
 Forester 's day has come and gone . This book is interesting to read from a historical perspective but has little practical value in the second decade of the 21st century.Newbies who need real world information about transportation cycling should start their quests elsewhere and save their money.Forester spends many pages stuck in boring old git mode . I am from the same generation as JF and even I find him often insufferable.His over the top , my way or the highway opinions are largely unhelpful to novice knowledge seekers , IMHO .
 I really wanted this to be a better book , especially when faced with all the `` Wait until you get to the TWIST ! '' comments I had heard . Um , well , I assumed what the `` TWIST '' was about 10 pages into the book.Great idea , just overwrought prose and not nearly creepy enough .
 A mediocre story plagued by poor writing . The ending is too obvious . The gypsy game is a redundant plot element - the same effect is achieved by the fact that the boys are twins . The author seems to take the easy way out
 This book is a semi-postmodernist criticism of a -RRB- biological determinism , and b -RRB- the widespread belief that scientists are first and foremost seekers of `` truth '' , rather than furtherers of their own careers . Lewontin takes the argument that there is only so far science can go in explaining humanity , and that one should keep in mind that all scientific claims are convoluted with the power structure from which they arise . I agree with these points , but there 's nothing particularly special about them ... no serious scientist today would ever suggest that one 's personality -LRB- let alone all of society -RRB- is written in the genetic code , nor dispute that politics often/usually does interfere in the functioning of science as we wish it would be . Lewontin seems to paint scientists with a rather broad brush . Worse , he makes liberal use of the `` naturalistic fallacy '' -LRB- the idea that what is `` natural '' must be `` good '' and vice-versa -RRB- in much of his reasoning , as when he suggests that Darwinism implies that social inequities are good , necessary , and unavoidable . On top of all this , he fails to notice -LRB- or at least to mention -RRB- that the door swings both ways , that skepticism about the reach of science -LRB- as he seems to advocate -RRB- can be used to reinforce unsavory sociopolitical structures just as easily as can unquestioning belief in science . One need only look at Senator James Inhofe , the Discovery Institute , and various other right-wing American institutions to see how the belief that `` there are just some questions science ca n't answer '' can be used to justify all manner of ridiculous and/or dangerous behavior . Most of Lewontin 's concerns have -LRB- since this book 's 1991 publication -RRB- been addressed and , in my opinion , refuted by the recent writings of Richard Dawkins and Stephen Pinker . Frankly , I 'm surprised this book has stayed in print this long .
 First of all , I have to note
 This book claims that there is no such thing as race . While this would be nice , unfortunatly that is just not the case . Scientists can take a drop of blood and determine if its owner is Asian , African-American , European , Jewish , etc. . If there is no such thing as race , then how is this possible?This book was used in a biased anthropology class that I took for my BA . I only bought it because I was forced to .
 Pinsky is in love with being a poet , but his poems do n't mean anything to the rest of us . This book is a perfect example of this . We are supposed to admire him , not read him , and I find it a shame that this lousy work got him a Luareateship .
 This book was so bad . I started it months ago but could n't get past the first 10 pages . I 've not read any of the author 's other work , but the writing in this is painful . I picked it up again last week , part of a goal to finish books I buy , but I just ca n't do it . I made it 3/4 of the way through -LRB- 76 % on my kindle -RRB- and could n't take another page.This story is way too ambitious for a writer of Stockenberg 's ability . A love triangle , a murder mystery , multiple key settings , a journalist 's struggles , and supernatural stuff ... she just could n't put it together in a way that flowed . She did n't develop the romantic relationships ; suddenly she 's in love with someone , and he 's in love with her , but I had no idea how it happened . This was especially the case with Fergus . Either develop a story and explain how the love happens , or introduce it as fated love . You have to do one of these things.There are a ton of points where the story could have started to wrap up but I would look at my page count and realize I was only half way in . It just dragged and dragged . I feel like the print version would be 500 pages . The `` romantic '' scenes are embarrassing and not sexy , the description is too cumbersome.Also , the formatting on the kindle version is flawed
 Just did n't care for this story . Synopsis was interesting but the story did n't keep my interest . I will not recommend this book and hesitate to buy another book from this author .
 I have not tried all the mazes but I am already disappointed to discover many mistakes in this third printing
 I have had this cookbook for a couple of years without really using it . But a few months ago , I pulled it back of the shelf and never put it back on that shelf since . I never considered myself a good cook . In fact I am just the opposite , the typical single guy who used to eat out all of the time . This book has definately changed that . The recipes are very easy . And the dinners that I have made do not taste anything like diet meals . I recommend this cookbook for everyone - dieters as well as non-dieters . I am also not the type to write book reviews -LRB- this is the first and probably the only -RRB- except that I think so highly of this cookbook that I wanted to recommend it to others .
 Do you always believe what you read . For many , we do . They say , you ca n't judge a book by its cover , and that is what many people do to the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . To know what they are about , and why you `` fear '' them , you must get to know them . If you feel that this book is true , it may work , or it may not , but pray about it . Mormons are n't bad , no one is . It 's only what we say , think and act , that makes people and their religion seem bad . Saying something about other people is a choice that we each have , ... `` free agency '' and should try to be Christ like in that choice .
 The Paid clergy are `` witnessing '' to their flocks to beware of the scarry Mormons !! If the truth be know , the paid clergy and evangelical hypocrites are more intersted in maintianing there meal tickets and car payments . haven forbid that there is a TRUE CHURCH of the Lord that does n't pay its clergy , and young 19 year old men and women go on missions at their own expense . Gosh , those sound like christ like traits w , wonder why ... ALL , PLEASE IGNORE your paid clergy and Evangelical Witnesser 's , they are wrong and blinded by money . Seek out and LET THE MORMONS IN . YOU WILL JOIN THE countless MILLIONS who have found TRUE HAPPINESS and TRUE knowledge of CHrist and become a TRUE CHRISTIAN , a MORMON .
 I let the missionaries in and am forever thankful that I did . I wish I had grown up in the church -- but I 'm very happy that my kids are learning an important set of VALUES which they have the agency to choose to incorporate into their lives .
 What an entertaining read ... complete fiction I must add but a good book to remind you that there are still narrow minded people in the world who profess to know so much about a religon that they actualyy know very little about . This book makes a great lining for the kittie 's litter box ... wonderful absorbency !!!
 What an entertaining read ... complete fiction I must add but a good book to remind you that there are still narrow minded people in the world who profess to know so much about a religon that they actualyy know very little about . This book makes a great lining for the kittie 's litter box ... wonderful absorbency !!!
 I have to say I have n't actually read this book , but I feel like if you are considering giving this author a chance to influence your eternal salvation , you ought to give the nice people who come knocking at your door a chance too . Then pray about what you have learned and decide for yourself . But if you want to celebrate over Choco Tacos , you would have to go to Taco Johns , I used to work there and they are the ones who sell the tasty treat . -LRB- see other reviews for this book to understand what I am talking about ! -RRB-
 If you do let the missionaries in and listen , you 'll learn about `` free agency '' , i.e. the option to think and decide for yourself . Buying this book is the first step to giving up that priviledge .
 Here 's an alternative
 It 's a sad commentary on society when people make money off a book that is degrading , prejudicial and judgemental about what people believe in . Was n't the United States founded on religious tolerance ? It seems to me that commercialism and industry has destroyed God and freedom from bigotry . If you shut your mind off from new ideas and concepts , how can you grow ? This book only serves as a dam against free thought and dialogue .
 One Protestant leader in a lecture compared Robert A. Morey to that of Walter Martin . I would agree , from a comparison of this title with Martin 's KINGDOM OF THE CULTS . Both are suprisingly lacking of scholarship , though this is far worse . Martin is today a joke among LDS scholars at BYU -LRB- esp . FARMS -RRB- , and this book would fare much better . It is an egregious title , quite simply.I come onto the Protestant Evangelist VS. Latter-day Saint debate with little bias , for I am would n't call myself either at the present time . For the Protestants -LRB- in their unusual epistemology -RRB- start witht he position to prove Mormonism wrong and `` help '' them , before analysing the LDS church on a factual level , this book will be a blessing . The problem ? I feel that though this book has the ring of truth it is in turn specious.When I purchased and glazed through this book , I came to the rather obvious inference that this book was whipped together rather quickly . In earlier times my friends and I used to humorously joke that we whipped homework together `` on the bus on the way to school , '' I would say Morey did just that -LRB- in a symbolic manor -RRB- -- this book does n't have the thorough scholarship that is needed to tackle the ` big leagues ' of LDS scholarship and apologetics in FARMS , FAIR , even SHIELDS . The essay by two extremely bright indivuals titled `` Mormon Scholarship and Evangelical Neglect '' which is a detailed analysis of the current lack of ANY scholarship to respond to LDS is a valid cause for concern which this book does not fill.The book is divided into two sections . Part 1 is a `` how to use this book '' which gives a brief discription of the LDS church from an Evangelical perspective , and then continues to give nine `` documented '' false prophecies . A found a number of statements in Part 1 to be unusual and noteworthy . First , he states that Mormons are `` disciples of Joseph Smith '' -LRB- pg . 12 -RRB- . In all my studies of LDS doctrine , history , and culture , I have yet to read a LDS refer to him/herself as a `` disciple of Joseph Smith . '' -LRB- Though they do refer to themselves as disciples of Jesus quite often -RRB- . Morey then continues -LRB- ibid . -RRB- to give tell us `` A Christian needs to understand what a ` cult ' is . '' His definition is what I refer to as the `` Protestant '' one , as there is no set in stone definition of cult and a Mormon could easily turn around and make a definition that makes Protestants to be `` cultists '' and in a `` cult '' while LDS are excluded from this definition . Mormonism has many similarities to the early church
 Let me add a piece of advice to the ideas proposed in this book . When you hear the words , `` Would you like to know more ? '' just say `` No thank you , and close the door . Closing the door is VERY important . When I lived in Salt Lake City , I had to learn to do that , because some people would n't take no for an answer . One furious Relief Society lady was so upset with my attitude of unbelief that she pointed to my dog and said , `` I suppose you think that dog is just as good as you are ! '' I replied , `` Probably better . '' and THEN I shut the door and watched through the window as her embarrased husband tried to lead her down the porch stairs . She must have spread the word in the neighborhood , because I was n't bothered after that . Though this book poses some good questions , my advice is to not even get started or you are in for an evening of flip charts !
 Which Is the `` Christian '' Doctrine?Suppose for a moment that the Latter-day Saints were to take seriously the demand that they conform in every particular to `` Christian '' doctrine , and that they then made the attempt to do so . Having complied with such a demand , would the Latter-day Saints find themselves in total agreement with Protestants or with Catholics ? Would they believe in apostolic succession or in the priesthood of all believers ? Would they recognize an archbishop , a patriarch , a pope , a monarch , or no one at all as the head of Christ 's church on earth ? Would they be saved by grace alone , or would they find the sacraments of the church necessary for salvation ? Would they believe in free will or in predestination ? Would they practice water baptism ? If so , would it be by immersion , sprinkling , or some other method ? Would they believe in a substitutionary , representative , or exemplary atonement ? Would they or would they not believe in `` original sin '' ? And on and on.It is unreasonable for other Christians to demand that Latter-day Saints conform to a single standard of `` Christian '' doctrine when they do not agree among themselves upon exactly what that standard is . To do so is to establish a double standard ; doctrinal diversity is tolerated in some churches , but not in others . The often-heard claim that all true Christians share a common core of necessary Christian doctrine rests on the dubious proposition that all present differences between Christian denominations are over purely secondary or even trivial matters-matters not central to Christian faith . This view is very difficult to defend in the light of Christian history , and might be easier to accept if Protestants and Catholics - or Protestants and Protestants , for that mat-ter-had not once burned each other at the stake as non-Christian heretics over these same `` trivial '' differences .
 Actually , Taco Bell DOES sell ChocoTacos - I just had one myself ! As a Mormon , I have to say that I found this book mildly amusing . The `` carefully hidden secrets '' about the founders of the church have never been hidden from me . There is nothing in Mormonism that is `` covered up '' - everyone is free , and encouraged , to learn as much as they possibly can ! What the missionaries teach is the truth - the basic beliefs of the church . If you study them , the other controversial topics that come up have little relevancy to what we actually believe and what we practice . I have studied many religions and I 've found that even among `` mainstream '' Christians there is a wide range of beliefs . It is the same for Mormons , and yet people are continually telling us what we do and do n't believe ! Really astounding when you think about it .
 I find it facinating to study the attributes and life of Jesus Christ in the Bible . It was nothing short of revolutionary when Christ introduced the principle of `` turning the other cheek '' -LRB- a foundational and non-denominational Christian concept -RRB- . Many cursed Him , calling him the devil and accused Him of things that simply , were not true . Most of the `` chosen '' Jews never even took the time to listen to Jesus nor decide for themselves of his divinity . How ludicrous ! Even as he suffered on the cross , soldiers mocked and tempted him by saying , `` If thou be the Son of God , save thyself . '' Jesus was not tempted by this test of pride . He did not have to `` prove '' who he was . He knew the truth about his divinity and that was sufficient . How interesting that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints does not entertain responses to anti-mormon sentiment , nor have they ever published one document critisizing the belief of another faith . Is this not Christianity?Free agency is one of the greatest gifts from God given to man . It allows us to decide for ourselves what it true and what is n't . Conclusion
 I have an even easier way to handle the Mormons at the door , and I 'll give it to you for FREE . When they come to your door , say `` Thank you , but I 'm not interested '' and then close the door . Save yourself 6 bucks and let people believe what they want . I do this every time some person comes peddling to my door . Be it a salesman or a religious representative of any religion .
 I find it extremely funny that the LDS Church does n't publish books about how to refute the mainstream Christian churches , yet the mainstream Christian churches find it necessary to continually attack us . That 's part of what made it clear to me who truly followed Christ , and who does n't in this case . Christ did n't attack people ; neither do we .
 It 's the truth that early Mormon leaders told fanciful tales about Moon Men and the Lost Ten Tribes ... to their kids at bedtime . It seems there 's a difference between what a Mormon leader says from the puplit as official doctrine , and what they say having fun with their family . It 's the same with anyone . This book takes snippets from private journals and attempts to pass them off as official doctrine . As a How-To Book , this one just does n't work.A better book to buy from Amazon on this subject is Tinkling Cymbals and Sounding Brass
 Do n't get me wrong , `` Harriet the Spy , '' was one of my all time favorite books -LRB- and movies -RRB- , growing up . I 'm almost 26 now and had always wanted to read `` The Long Secret , '' So after re-reading Harriet , I went to the bookstore and ordered myself a copy . Well , at first it was n't so bad , but there really was n't any real point to the story . Harriet had n't matured much at all , and to make matters worse , really offensive and hostile notes were left all over the place . I am also a Christian and find it offensive that the phrase `` Jesus Hates You , '' should be allowed to be published in a Children 's book . This is especially true in this day and age , when almost any threat has the potential to turn violent.Skip this one .
 just did n't like this book . it seem to be crude and it 's really a book for girls only .
 I had the honor of reading this book in my 9th grade Advanced English class and while I am an avid reader and love all different types of literature this book still makes me cringe when I see it on summer reading list.While I 've read review and I wish I read what they read because it seems like a very good book , but I could not make it through this book to save me . It was 10years ago I had to read this book and I often wonder if I picked it up today would it make any sense ? But out of all the books I read throughout highschool and College this book is tedious and very difficult to read.Even with a tutor and note taking I still did not pass the exams that were related to this book .
 We do n't know what they were thinking when they chose this book as required reading but it was bad with a capital B . We love reading but give us a break . Lord of the flies must have been written by another author . We do not recommend this book unless you need help falling asleep .
 A previous reviewer said that as a teacher he 's found that students never fail to enjoy William Golding 's THE INHERITORS . When this reviewer was a sophomore English student , I can assure him that I failed to enjoy this book . My teacher thought this book was one of the all-time literary greats . I just thought it was boring.And now I have an even bigger reason to dislike this book . I happen to hate reading screeds that trash the author 's own ancestors . I 'm sure homo sapiens were not perfect , but please show me a race or culture of people who are.My plea to high school English teachers everywhere
 Unfortunately , I have been forced to read this novel for my English class . It is extremely difficult due to the fact that the main characters have n't mastered a little thing we like to call language yet . Because Golding refuses to help the reader along with proper narration , the outcome is nothing short of a migrane . Just wanted to give all of you presently sane people out there a little warning before throwing all of that sanity away attempting to decipher meaning in this book .
 Make this a 2.5 star review because I ` ll give Golding the benefit of the doubt that his writing is way over my head . No reason to mark his novel down just because my poor Cro-Magnon pea brain could n't follow it . However , I expected better execution in the writing from a Nobel Prize winner.The story line and point of view are good . If this is n't a parable about the effect that human contact has with any other species , environment , or place , I do n't know what is . Golding gets points for making me ashamed of my own species as he describes what happens when the peaceful Neanderthal world collides with Homo sapiens in very dramatic and unpleasant ways.Perhaps that is his point ; the Neanderthals were pushed out of existence because they were not as intellectually developed as their Homo sapiens ` Inheritors ' . I caught on early that the Neanderthals ' ` pictures ' were personal ideas and memories , and the ` shared pictures ' are ideas and memories transmitted telepathically . However , Golding tries to describe these pictures in a contrivance of words instead of pictures , and decides to constrain the description of the pictures to the individual 's limited perception . That was a noble goal , and done well . However , when he can not succeed via that route in describing events , he inserts an expository third-person -LRB- writer -RRB- point of view . That completely confused my pea brain about what was happening . Some scenes are terribly confusing because of this.I likened my experience of reading ` The Inheritors ' to that of Anthony Burgess ' ` A Clockwork Orange ' , which IMHO was a more successful writing experiment . Burgess at least provided us with a glossary to define the futurespeak of his Droog culture . Golding could have invented a word-picture map.I can not believe that schools are recommending this as a reading assignment . But then in my day they were forcing the dreadful ` Catcher in the Rye ' on us .
 As a fan of Lord of the Flies and someone very interested in the subject matter of this novel - the interface between anatomically modern humans and Neanderthals - I was really looking forward to reading this book . Sadly , it failed to deliver either in terms of the story and writing quality I expect of Golding or as an interesting exploration of its topic.Golding 's portrayal of the Neanderthals - the main characters of the book through whose eyes we experience its events - suffers from outdated notions of these intelligent and resourceful hominins as bestial if likable buffoons . One wonders how these dunderheads survived the harshest imaginable conditions for hundreds of thousands of years.Apart from that , I think Golding had the right idea , imagining a group of anatomically modern humans appearing as newcomers and coming into conflict with the indigenous Neanderthals . It 's fertile ground for drama and Golding does not fail completely to exploit it . But as another reviewer commented , I think his ambition exceeded his grasp , and whether it 's because he chose to imagine his main character as a Palaeolithic `` Rain Man '' or because his literary powers were n't chugging on all cylinders , Golding did not attain the clarity , coherence , or emotional impact I expected of him . Unlike fine wine , this book has not aged well .
 One might think that Aesop could have covered such an elementary principle with a more direct and poignant simplicity and essentialy kept it more moving . Perhaps I am just too much a fan of the haiku and other displays of Eastern efficiency and Golding 's overdone style is simply not my interest , but there is only a certain degree one can take the `` we are simple people so we must burden a perceptive reader with our intellectual baggage '' novelty just so far before it becomes a chore to read.One more thing , on the back of my book there is a quotation from the New York Times Book Review which reinforces my disdain for their apparent practice of reading a summary of any classic author before proceeding to pelt him with praise . `` His prose is forceful and compact . He tells a rousing good story . '' The story is laborious , the prose is detailed and soft , not forceful , and I can not imagine anyone in their right mind declaring his prose `` compact '' . It 's laughable.I suppose I should read `` The Lord of the Flies '' before my opinion of Golding falls too far.The only reason I did n't give it 1 star is because I 've read some truly horrific books .
 Golding 's `` The Inheritors '' was originally published in 1955 , and was his first book after `` Lord of the Flies '' made his name . Unfortunately , while his first novel was intriguing , well-written and suspenseful , `` The Inheritors '' is one of the most bizarre and confused novels of its time.There 's no real story here . Neanderthal man encounters cro-magnon , and is killed off . While it sounds like an exciting premise , this book actually consists of little more than endless , repetitious , vague landscapes , repeated over and over and over again . These landscapes , which describe each and every leaf , rock , patch of dirt or sparkle of light on the water of a flowing river , take up literally sixty percent of this brief but agonizingly slow moving novel 's pages . Along with the landscapes , we are told in painfully tedious detail of each character 's physical movements as he or she walks among the minutely described leaves , rocks and patches of dirt , while looking at the sparkle of the light on the river . These details take up most of the rest of the book . There is very little here that actually constitutes narrative ; instead , there is only description and accumulation of sentences.The two main characters , Fa and Lok , are quite different . While Fa is a smart and resourceful Neanderthal , Lok , who stands at the center of the descriptions , is extraordinarily dense and slow-witted , even for a caveman . Within a few pages , this reader found Lok annoying and exasperating . Why Golding chose to make him the center of the book is a mystery.One last point . This novel seems to have been edited severely -LRB- and not particularly carefully -RRB- from a longer manuscript , since many pages and the entire second-to-last chapter do n't flow together in a coherent fashion . This only adds to the book 's inertia and mystification . It 's amazing that this was ever published in any form.I really wanted to like `` The Inheritors . '' Unfortunately , I had to force myself to finish it and ended up loathing it as much as any book I 've ever read .
 William Golding likes to kill you with detail in this book and he comes pretty close ! There is one part about a fox and you wish that you would just die . The characters are confusing and the book is just bad !
 This book frustrated me to no end . While I can respect the endeavor to write a book from the perspective of prehistoric man , it just did n't follow through . While Golding 's theme of dichotomous man was intriguing , switching from character to character , not clarifying who was who , and the generally unengaging characters made this a very average reading experience for me .
 I do n't think Golding quite got the hang of the early humans he was using as his subjects ! There is far more to them and far more interesting and exciting things about them that simply were missing in his story . Not a bad read , but did not come up to my expectations !
 I found this to be a very disjointed , and often confusing , description of the clash between two human groups . Golding missed a good opportunity to create a compelling case that the Neanderthals could not compete with the new , more advanced , humans .
 But at some points there is just way to much to take in . Although the plot is very interesting and the characters and scene are well developed , you have to be very dedicated to reading this novel . In some sections it can be very difficult to understand what is going on at all . Unless you are prepared to read pages over and over again , you may want to try something else .
 This appears to be an unedited reprint of Bethurum 's last published book , THE PEOPLE OF THE PLANET CLARION , which first appeared in 1970 shortly after his death . Bethurum was the second of the 1950s `` contactees , '' curious characters who claimed to have met and talked with completely-human-appearing space aliens from other planets in our solar system . The first and best-known contactee was George Adamski , whom Bethurum seems to have been on fairly friendly terms with.The first 44 pages are mainly an autobiography of Bethurum , and evoke a fairly interesting time in the early 20th Century history of a rural part of California . The text sounds as if it had been dictated by Bethurum to a tape recorder ; alas , no one seems to have cared enough to ask him to elaborate in the many places where he lapses into unintelligibility . The next few chapters sort of orbit around the events of Bethurum 's first book , ABOARD A FLYING SAUCER -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , getting eventually to a space alien `` commandment '' of December 1955 for Bethrum to found a religious commune , the `` Sanctuary of Thought . `` The rest of the 139 pages are a random grab-bag of newspaper clippings plus a FAQ section about the planet Clarion and its people . I found it amusing that although `` Tru '' claimed to have chatted with the lovely Captain Aura Rhanes of Clarion nearly a dozen times , for substantial parts of an hour each time , the `` information '' about Clarion consists of a few isolated and generally incomprehensible sentences , already contained in ABOARD A FLYING SAUCER , repeated over and over . One gets the impression `` Tru '' and Aura spent most of their time together breathing heavily instead of conversing.The 1950s contactees have generally been dismissed by those in the field of `` ufoology '' as harmless and often charming charlatans . Others have depicted them as evil tools of the CIA , who deliberately set out to convince the public of the inherent absurdity of any attempt to `` study '' flying saucers . It 's only necessary to read the books of the contactees to see that essentially all of them were in fact motivated by deeply-held religious convictions -LRB- and most already led , or came ot lead , a religious cult -RRB- , and that they were trying in their own way to bring simplistic , fundamentalist religious concepts into some kind of harmony with the science fiction/space travel ferment of the early 1950s .
 Something NOT being disproven -LSB- sic -RSB- does n't make it true . Example
 The title would lead one to believe that this book would help explain the foundation and workings of the Mormon faith . This is not the case . The limited text supplies the reader with just a basic explanation of what is being depicted in the photo . This is a good book for someone just interested in getting a superficial intro to this belief system , but nothing more .
 There was an inscription on inside of cover that was n't described . Other than that price was fair . xxx xxx xxx
 Honsetly only read through the first few chapters . It was difficult to follow ... the author jumped back and forth between timelines . If you can follow it , I 'm sure there are some good facts there ... but I could n't keep up .
 There is not much to be said about this book except that it is total hogwash . Not even the author can pull all of his undocumented assumption together into a sensible hypothesis .
 Summer of My German Soldier , Betty Greene , 0-439-18932-2A Boring Depressing BookDo you ever think that a Jewish girl would help a Nazis during World War Two ? I would n't even consider it until I read this realistic fiction book . Patty , a Jewish girl , lived in Arkansas . The government decided to out a prison camp there for the Nazis . Patty was working at her dad 's store when she met one of the prisoners . One day she was outside and there he was , it was Anton ! She hid him in her attic . Then he left . Patty 's dad came running inside , two detectives were with him , was Anton o.k. ? I thought that this book was a little blah . Although this book sounds exciting it was very slow . I would not recommend this book to anyone who likes exciting books because , most of the book was about Patty 's depressing life and how her parents hated her . However I think that an older audience might like this book because , they may be able to relate to the hard times Patty had . Also they may remember how people judged other people by the color of their skin . This book had some very diverse issues . The title of this book makes it sound like a real page turner but , it was n't . The book took a very long time to set the mood at the beginning of the book . Although some parts were exciting , others were n't . For each exciting page there were twenty dull ones . The story was very hard to concentrate on . During most of the book nothing happened so that gave my mind a lot of time to wander so , once something exciting happened I was lost . One of the surprises in the story were that the reporter that Patty met was still friends with her after she found out what Patty had done . The reporter sent Patty her own subscription to the news paper when she was at the reformatory .
 To be honest , between the forced dialogue and the constant , graphic child abuse scenes , there 's not a lot of content here . In fact , I dare say the abuse does n't even progress the story , but uses shock value to keep readers interested . The love is fake , the story never has any hope , and the ending is an outrage . Nothing is solved , nothing is concluded - it 's all just so the author can sell the next book . No , thank you .
 Do you ever think that a Jewish girl would help a Nazis during World War Two ? I would n't even consider it until I read this realistic fiction book . Patty , a twelve year old Jewish girl , lived in a small town in Arkansas , nothing ever happened there , until the government decided to out a prison camp there for the Nazis . Patty 's parents were hard on her and her only friend was her nanny Ruth . Patty was working at her dad 's store when she met one of the prisoners there , he was very nice and she hoped to meet him again . One day she was outside and there he was , it was Anton ! She hid him in her attic and spent time with him every day . When it was finally time for him to leave she insisted that she would come with him but he would n't let her . Patty 's dad came running in , two detectives were with him , was Anton o.k. ? I thought that this book was a little blah . Although this book sounds exciting it was very slow . I would not recommend this book to anyone who likes exciting books because , most of the book was about Patty 's depressing life and how her parents hated her . However I think that an older audience might like this book because , they may be able to relate to the hard times Patty had . Also they may remember how people judged other people by the color of their skin . This book had some very diverse issues . The title of this book makes it sound like a real page turner but , it was n't . The book took a very long time to set the mood at the beginning of the book . Although some parts were exciting , others were n't . For each exciting page there were twenty dull ones . The story was very hard to concentrate on . During most of the book nothing happened so that gave my mind a lot of time to wander so , once something exciting happened I was lost . One of the surprises in the story were that the reporter that Patty met was still friends with her after she found out what Patty had done . The reporter sent Patty her own subscription to the news paper when she was at the reformatory .
 This was one of the few books that drove me to sleep some times and bearly awake at others , You either LOVE it or HATE it and frankly it is only good to drive Owls to sleep at night . It is not JUST a yawner but it was so sereal it did n't seem like historical fiction at all it remains a tail of a un mentaly balanced father with a screwy daughter that needs a labotomy . In short this book could of used more refining because it is way off!PS : GET TO THE POINT !
 Do you like books on WWII ? If so , you 'll like Summer of My German Soldier . It 's about a Jewish American girl , Patty , who befriends a German soldier , Anton . First the German POWs -LRB- Prisoners Of War -RRB- arrive , then the Germans are brought to her father 's store , and then Patty sees Anton running away and has him hide in her hideout . Two things that do n't help Patty with her problems are that her dad is an explosive man and her mom is her `` hit and run '' critic.I did n't fully like the story because it was written from a girl 's perspective . For example , when Patty thinks about something Anton did she seems to think of it in a romantic way . `` He was looking at me like he saw me - like he liked what he saw . '' It also bothered me that her father was a man who would beat Patty for the slightest infraction , real or imagined.Despite this , I did appreciate the descriptions the author used . She made me ` see ' the events unfold in my mind . The author also described the characters so well that I could like and hate them.I gave this book two stars . I recommend this book to anyone who likes WWII fiction . Although it disturbed me and had a girl 's perspective , it was well written .
 Would it ever be excepted during World War II for a Jewish girl to befriend a Germain ? How about a Nazi ? This book is all about breaking the rules and following your heart . Patty comes from a family where the only person who loves her is their maid Ruth . But , that all changes on day when she is working in her father 's shop and some of the POW soilders come in and she meets on who is not like the rest . He is handsome , smart , and extremely liturate . After that one time meeting all she can think about is him . One night she sees ' him going and trying to hope a train and see calls to him and he comes to see her . She then hides him in her garage . She then sees ' an add in the paper saying that Anton was missing from the camp . She was questioned by agents . So will she tell them everything they want to know ? Or will she save her Germain soidier ?
 Reading the back cover , I had high hopes of this novel . However , what could have been a thoughtful , ironic , heartwarming story quickly became plotless and one-dimensional . Do Patty 's parents really possess no good qualities whatsoever ? Is Anton really the saint he seems ? This novel makes no attempt to answer any of these questions , and that 's what makes it so painful to read . Patty , who is clearly intended to be the endearing heroine , comes off as a know-it-all with a total disregard for rules and boundaries . Also , does n't a seemingly romantic relationship between a 12-year-old and a 19-year-old feel questionable at the very least ? Add this to the fact that there is absolutely no conclusion , and we have a recipe for one terrible novel . I could go on for ages , but here 's the bottom line
 I have never read a book that was so boring . The book talked about a jewish girl helping out a nazi . Nothing happens inthe begining and the climax is the girl housing the nati . WOW , NOT ! Weas a class read this book as a class and i asked everyone what they thought of the book . They all agreed with me !
 I detested this book . I felt the actual story never quite matched up with its admittedly interesting premise . The character of Patty Bergen seemed feeble and weakly developed , and I never understood the inexplicable hatred the entire world , excluding Anton and Ruth , seemed to have for this girl.The whole `` love story '' plot was laughably unrealistic , due mainly to the age difference . The most frustrating thing about this book is that it could have been so much better . The whole irony of a Nazi and a Jew falling in love during World War II has so many options for a good plotline , but instead the story seemed to spend a good majority of the book wallowing in self-pity .
 Not only was this book poorly written and boring , it teaches children bad moral values . It sympathizes with traitors and liars , and is highly unrealistic . I do n't reccomend this book to anyone . This book was not sad or upsetting . The characters deserved what they got .
 Boring . Pointless details . Unbelievable . If I were a young girl aroung the time of the Haulacust , I would not help a German . I would give it 0 stars if I could .
 My HONORS 9th grade English teacher made us read this incredibly boring story . Here 's a hint , when you make a book called `` Summer of my german soldier '' INCLUDE THE DAMN GERMAN SOLDIER . I 'm telling you read something better like `` When Zachery Beaver came to town '' way better . This book is pointless and boring . undefined characters , pointless details , FICTIONAL information on WWII .
 this is possibly the dumbest book of all time . i really hated it . it is the most unbelievable story ive ever seen . it is so far away from bein a classic . i cant say that i hate nazis because im a christian , but have u people forgotten about Omaha Beach or the holacaust . many good americans , britains , canadians and others died trying to save the world from the accursed nazis . Any one who fought with the german army were nazis . and thats all . six million jews died because of people like anton reiker . anton may not have been evil but he fought along with nazis . and its alot like hanging with the wrong crowd . if u hang with drug dealing gang members u got ta pay also . for all of you people who think this book is a classic , maybe u should go see saving private ryan or schindlers list . maybe that will change your mind about this book .
 this book was okay , but it was n't the best book i have ever read . its basically a cheesed-up romance novel about a 12-year-old . its a bit unbelievable and unrealistic , but it got exciting at the end of the book .
 This book was on a list of recommended summer reading for my daughter . I was disturbed by the two sentence synopsis on the list and decided to purchase and read it myself to find out if the school to which I pay a princely sum every year , was indeed recommending a book with such a poor moral foundation . What I found out was that not only was the two-sentence synoposis accurate , the book was worse than described . -LRB- To get a plot summary look at some of the other reviews -- I wo n't waste space with that here . -RRB- Nowhere in this book is there an acknowledgment that POWs -- regardless of what their personal political stands may be -- belong in POW camps until the end of hostilities . The heroine of this story is in fact championed for protecting an escaping POW . There had been no build up suggesting that conditions at the camp were subhuman , etc. . No , he just did n't want to be there . He was n't a Nazi , he was misunderstood , a product of his historical circumstance , etc.Our heroine 's eventual punishment is presented as the result of an unfortunate legally-required minimum , not as an appropriate punishment for her actions . She is now the victim of a legal system that ca n't acknowledge her personal circumstances -- her evil father and mother who through their lack of love drove her to want to help the German soldier.The fact is , our heroine 's `` protection '' of the soldier is an indirect cause of his eventual death , something which never even seems to occur to the heroine -- or to anyone else for that matter . It is odd that after portraying the soldier as having such great personal potential and goodness that he should be protected from internment at a POW camp , the author does nothing to suggest at his death that his life had any value beyond his relationship with our heroine . Even there his memory serves as nothing more than a foundation for her daydreams . And her daydreaming is not about his life cut short , it 's about her playing the role of sympathetic visitor to his grieving mother in Germany!Not only does this story present extremely poor choices by a 12-year-old as praiseworthy , it never questions a relationship between a 12-year-old girl and a 19-year-old man , and it romanticizes death -- a very unfortunate theme among much of what passes for award-worthy modern children 's literature.Finally , all of the characters are completely one-dimensional . The heroine 's parents are evil without explanation , the German soldier is a perfect gentleman , the townspeople are hysterical bigots , the heroine 's black maid is wise and the only source of love for the heroine.With all the great literature out there , why do we have our children read this junk ? What our children read is important and it is very disturbing that it appears from the other reviews that a great many schools seem to be using this book as part of a literature or history program . It is poor on all levels , poorly written , poor character and plot development , and poor moral lessons .
 As the book progresses , the storyline builds until , at the end , it goes straight down . There was absolutely no resolution . In short , it was the worst book I ever read . -LRB- And I read a lot -RRB-
 This is the sappiest , most poorly written , manipulative crap I 've ever read . It somehow redefines the laws of mediocrity . The story is cliched and contrived . The characters are like cardboard . The love story is perverted and it celbrates a young girl 's ignorance . This is a bonafide chick book . If you are a guy click the back button on your browser and walk away . If not well maybe you might like it but that still does n't make it good .
 `` This book was very boring . I had to read this book for a cause . If I could have choose another book I would have sais ` OKAY ! ANYTIME , ANYDAY !!! ' I say this because I thought it would get better in the end , but instead it got very boring .
 Book describes a situation so unlikely that that this should be categorized as science fiction . The writer badly misjudges trained soldiers and abused children . Although -LRB- mysteriously -RRB- this book appears year after year as a must-read for school kids , I think it should be relegated to the fluff fiction ranks of Sweet Valley High and The Hardy Boys . Characters are only developed in terms of their reactions to each other . No depth to father -LRB- just plain evil for no reason -RRB- ; no evident psychological damage to abused child -LRB- except hatred for father -RRB- ; soldier appears to be the least-trained soldier in the German army . It 's just a badly composed story .
 I kept waiting for a revelation to explain the deep animosity Patty 's parents felt for her , and I wanted to know why -- if Patty was smart enough to know Anton had to remain hidden -- she intentionally revealed Anton 's ring to an adult who had never been anything close to friendly or sympathetic to her . Two very loose ends.But then I came here to see what others thought and kept coming across the word `` romantic . '' Excuse me ? A girl who is n't yet in 7th grade and a young man who would be about to start his junior year in college?Though the covers of the various editions always seem to be trying to make her look older and him younger , the fact that anyone could see their relationship as `` romantic '' is majorly creepy.Given the difference in their ages , I found Patty 's obsession with Anton vaguely disturbing -LRB- despite the fact -- yeah , yeah , I got it -- that she had no love at home -RRB- . The only way I could mentally tolerate Anton 's continuing relationship with her was to tell myself that he recognized her feelings and that he was desperate enough to escape that he was using her -- understandable , not romantic .
 When I picked up this book , I thought it would help clear up rascist thoughts about Germans in the form of a story about deep friendship . As it turned out , I was more impressed with the synopsis on the back of the book than with the book itself . This book is about a girl named Patty who decides to hide an escaped German soldier in her garage . She barely knows them ; barely gets to know him , and is devastated when he runs away and gets killed . If Patty had n't blabbed a story about how he gave a ring to her to a friend -LRB- by the way , I found it stupid and unrealistic that he gave his family keepsake to a stranger -RRB- then he probably would n't have been tracked down and shot . And spoiled little self-centered Patty never even figured that out.At the beginning of the book , Patty was an appeally character , because she was just a little girl trying to figure out what she wanted to do with her life . There was even a bit of well-developed character that the auther could have done something with , and I have to say I felt some compassion for her , especially when she was beaten and misunderstood by her parents . Throughout the book , however , Patty went from amusing but naive to a little aggravating to rip-your-hair-out-annoying . At the end , I was extremely sick of her , and did n't like her at all.I guess the thing I disliked most about this book is that none of the characters had any understanding of the world , how it works , why people do things , or of love , compassion , or hate . There was n't a single character who I could relate to ; even the characters who were supposed to be friendly seemed cold and distant . Ruth was my favorite character . She was the only character who had any wisdom -LRB- or any common sense , for that matter -RRB- , but I regret to say that at the end of the book , I grew to hate her because she told Patty that her parents would never love her . I think this is one of the worst possible things anyone can tell a child , whether it 's true or not . And in this case , I believe it was n't true -LRB- but you 'll have to read the book yourself to decide -RRB- . I kept waiting for some gesture of kindness , or even recognition to come from Patty 's parents , but it never did.I recommend that you save your time , and not read this book . There are many books about World War II and the Holocaust that are much better .
 I had to read this book for a project in reading class . This book was very hard to understand , especially in the scenes where her father beats her . The plot was adequate , but ther seemed to be little chapters that contributed to the plot of this book . The climax was not all that exciting for me , especially since my brother and sister have talked about it and read it . The descriptions of characters were little , partly because of the book 's first person narroration . There are also some discrepancies in this book that left me asking too many questions at the end of the story . I enjoy books that leave me asking little or no questions at the end . It was also historical fiction , which is a popular genre to teach . I do n't care for it
 It was a Ok book not the best close to the worst the school made us read it it might of been better if we were n't forced to read it
 This story takes place during World War II and is set in a small town named Jenkinsville . The story is about a prison camp for German POW 's , and how a German POW escapes , and all the problems he runs into . The main characters are Patty , the daughter , who is always getting into trouble . Mr. and Mrs. Bergen , Patty 's parents , run a local store . Ruth , the Bergen 's maid and house cleaner , listens to and hears all the problems in the Bergen 's household . Anton is the German prisoner of war who becomes Patty 's friend . Most of the story was about Anton breaking out of prison camp and Patty hiding him . Throughout the entire book my favorite character is Anton because he is smart and witty and always knows what is going on.I was unable to relate to any of the characters directly in this story because I am not like any of them but at times I have felt that same way they do and have had similar relationships with people . I 've often felt like helping some one in need . I 've also felt like purposely disobeying my parents . So even though I did not feel that I could relate to any characters I was able to relate to how they felt . In the story Ruth and Patty where really close and shared a lot of feelings I 'm the same way with my parents . So even though it is not exactly the same it is close.This book is moderately enjoyable but not the best I 've ever read . My favorite part of the book was when Patty is lies to the FBI about Anton because I find it funny that such a young girl is able to lie to such a high authority figure . My least favorite was the beginning because there was no action at all . If I could change any part of this book it would be to make the prison escape more interesting.The book was OK over all , but I would not recommend it to any of my friends or any one I know . The only type of person that I think would like this book is a history nut . Over all I only give this book a 5 out of 10 stars because I did not find the book particually exciting .
 I read Summer of My German Soldier recently . I enjoyed this book , but I also believe that it could possibly have been better . It is about Jewish girl , Patti , living in Arkansas during World War Two . A prison camp for Germans is opened near her town , and one day in her father 's store she meets one named Anton . She instantly befriends him , and when he escapes the camp she shelters him in the garage . Eventually , after he leaves , he gets killed . I strongly feel that the idea of this story was very genius , but the book could have been better . A Jewish girl falling in love with a German soldier could have so many possibilities , but the story lacks any action or suspense . There were so many boring parts during that book it made me sick . Many parts were Patti just thinking about her love for Anton . Even Patti said at one point that she was bored . The story also did n't develop the characters very well . When Anton died , because of bad character development , it did n't have as much emotion as it could have . The part about her transitioning to jail was confusing as well . I do believe that these parts could have been much better in the story , and it could have also been made a splendid book . With better character development and a more clear and exciting plotline , this book definitely had potential , but failed .
 Do you like to read about WWII ? Then I think you will like this book . In Summer of my German Soldier , Patty meets Anton Reiker , a German Soldier -LRB- Prisoner Of War -RRB- . Patty risks her life for Anton by hiding him in their garage . Anton risks his life for Patty when her father is beating her . Patty goes to a reformatory for girls when the FBI finds out she was hiding Anton . Patty will always remember him , because he loved her in a way her parents never will.I gave this book one star . I did not like this story , because it was hard for me to read and understand . I did not like the way her father always beats her for little things she does like sitting and talking with Freddy a poor boy in the neiborhood that she is friends with . Her family does n't love her enough except for Ruth , their black maid , & Sharon , her little sister .
 Although at first glance the book seems to have a good plot , it does not . I did n't like the character of Patty , she seemed so pathetic and she whined too much . The relationship between Patty and Anton is very disturbing , becuase Patty is weird about how she reactes when she is around Anton . The book disturbed me .
 Summer of My German Soldier is an average book . It is kind of romantic so I did n't like it that much . But that 's just me . When my reading teacher first introduced this book , I thought it would be the best war book I had ever read . -LRB- This is because I am a huge war buff . -RRB- Before I even started reading , I was imagining an action-filled , danger at ever turn , war book . I was soooooo wrong ! After reading the first few pages , I immediately became bored . I just hope that the sequel , Morning is a Long Time Comming , is better .
 A big disappointment . The author 's idea of recreating a vanished era is to say , over and over and over again , that some characters had a martini and smoked Marlboros . This consistently falls flat and does n't work . Nor do the periodic song lyrics he sprinkles throughout do anything for the atmosphere.The typos and sloppy editing do n't help either ; on page 153 we are treated to Lyford `` Keys '' , `` Glouchester '' and the CIA 's top lawyer being referred to as it `` general consul , '' an error that appears here and elsewhere . More serious errors crop up too ; Allen Dulles was never referred to as the Great White Case Officer ; that was Ted Shackley . The imagined conversations of real historical figures never quite take wing . There are much more serious flaws too . This book raises some interesting and important political issues but never resolves them . The author needs to learn that coming to a conclusion is what literature is all about -- the failure to do so here is a giant cop-out which leads us exactly nowhere by the end of the book . Anybody can write ambiguous and inconclusive endings ; good authors take sides and resolve the conflicts they create . I wo n't ruin the ending but must say it is disappointing in the extreme . On the other hand , if you enjoy America-bashing and the moral equivalence theory -LRB- the US and USSR were equally at fault in the Cold War -RRB- you will like this sentimental and overwrought version of it . Good points
 I 've seen this book referred to twice as a `` thriller . '' In what sense I would like to ask . Yes , the writing is elegant in spots , and , yes , a bit `` quirky . '' But thriller ? I think that would be a stretch .
 the book is simple and makes the tough parts of econometrics understandable.however some core background topics are lacking ... statistical depth for persons without a solid background in statistics . such is found in other texts -LRB- see jonston , gujurati , koutsoyannis , intrilligator -RRB- . furthermore the book assumes prior knowledge of matrices , hence those without a solid background herein , at left at a loss .
 Fine as an introduction to Duncan , but not for serious study . At best , this is a `` Greatest Hits '' record -- though that said , it 's a bit like buying Bob Dylan 's Greatest Hits . It 's good in that it touches every portion of his career , but since Duncan worked so fiercely in the poetics of the series and the idea of `` the book of poetry , '' ultimately it leaves the reader wanting .
 I bought this so I would n't have to spend a fortune on the book for school . Well this Kindle edition is so abridged , I found I did n't read half of the play . Do n't waste your dollar . Find another version of this play .
 Most great literary narratives , whether fiction or drama , boast simple plots and complex characters . This play turns that approach on its head . Here , we have a hopelessly and needlessly convoluted plot with the most superficial characters imaginable . Great drama ? There is no drama . Great comedy ? It 's not funny . In short , it 's garbage . Perhaps this kind writing was impressive in its day , but those days have long long passed us by . Why ca n't readers just admit that some so-called classics do n't deserve the name ? In reading the positive comments here , one ca n't help suspecting that the reviewers have been cowed by the play 's reputation . It 's a very rare reader who would find Way of the World anything but tedious , confusing , frustrating , unfunny , and overrated . People , let go of your pretensions and just say it ! Sheesh ... !
 Yikes ! Let 's see here ... Mirabell is in love with Milamant , who is the niece of Lady Wishfort , who hates Mirabell because he pretended to be in love with her . Her daughter is Mrs. Fainall , who had an affair with Mirabell that resulted in her marrying Fainall -LRB- she thought she was pregnant -RRB- who she does n't love and who is having an affair with Marwood , who is secretly in love with Mirabell and would do anything to keep him from marrying Millamant , who , by the way , loves him and hates him at the same time.And that 's all before the play even starts . This play , often heralded as `` the best of the Restoration plays '' -LRB- ironic , since it was a commercial failure for Congreve -RRB- is witty , complex , and very hard to keep up with . The plot revolves around who will get Lady Wishfort 's inheritance and how , and some of the things they try are quite ridiculous . It has funny moments -- mostly provided by Mirabell 's wit and the tomfoolery of Witwoud and Petulant , the comic relief . But it ends up just being pretty long and convoluted.Go read Shakespeare .
 Knowing I would be forced to study this work for my A Level in English Lit , I was sure I would enjoy it due to the comedy and satire involved . I was wrong . As the first reviewer claimed , The Way of the World is just like a soap opera ! I appreciate the intention of Congreve was to satirise the follies of the upper classes at the time but this does not make the play any less tedious . The plot is unnecessarily complex and rather difficult to follow at times . It all boils down to romance and infidelity in the end , as one might expect . Granted , it is fairly well written , but if there 's a stupid plot and irritating , useless characters , no amount of creative flair in writing can compensate . As well as that , the language , while not difficult , is different from that of modernity so makes it awkward . OK , we expect this from an 18th century piece of literature , but it still causes problems for a modern audience/reader . The worst thing was being told by the teacher when we were meant to laugh - that obviously kills any comedy value in the play . Exam boards should add some more modern plays to their syllabus ! Not to mention ones with meaningful , interesting plots and characters . This is not worth the paper it 's written on , in my humble opinion .
 THIS BOOK MISSES ONE IMPORTANT FACT . HURRICANE KATRINA DID N'T STOP IN BILOXI/GULFPORT MISSISSIPPI , BUT ALSO INCLUDED CITIES FURTHER EAST THAT NEVER RECEIVED MENTION BUT FARED JUST AS BAD IF NOT WORSE THAN GULFPORT OR BILOXI . THIS INCLUDES THE CITIES OF OCEAN SPRINGS , GAUTIER , PASCAGOULA IN MISSISSIPPI AND AS FAR EAST AS MOBILE ALABAMA . IF TIME IS GOING TO PRESENT AN ACCURATE ACCOUNT OF HURRICANE AS SUCH IT DESERVES I WOULD THINK THEY COULD AT LEAST DO ENOUGH RESEARCH TO FIND OUT ABOUT THESE CITIES AND INCLUDE THEM IN THEIR BOOK . MAYBE IT IS BECAUSE THESE CITIES ARE SO SMALL THEY FIGURE WHY BOTHER . AND MAYBE THAT IS WHY IT TOOK SO LONG FOR THESE SAME CITIES TO RECEIVE AID AFTER THE DEVESTATION CAUSED BY HURRICANE KATRINA . WHATEVER THE CASE , THIS BOOK MISSES THE WHOLE POINT .
 This book , like most written and portraying Hurricane Katrina , leads the reader to the conclusion that New Orleans is the only area devastated thereby . For anyone 's information , New Orleans was on the West , or weak , side of Katrina . New Orleans was flooded because
 The book was in good condition , however , they should have stated that it had been owned by a library . I would have known then that it was stamped in several places and not have purchased it .
 I was disappointed by this book . It took a lot of time to explain the basics of the spec but did not provide any additional design help or expanded technical info . I have had mixed results with other books for other buses in this series and this one is no better . If you carefully read the spec you will get about 97 % of what is in this book . In several places the book simply uses parts of from the spec . directly . I wish the book took the time to create better figures and tables than what is in the spec . The spec is very poor on figures and tables and to use any portion of them is just a short cut in writing the book . I really wanted a book that either did not require reading the spec or a book that redid all of the poorly drawn or written parts of the spec . Also the spec is not very well organized , the book did a little bit better than the spec . in that category , but not as much as it should have . Again , it seems like a lot of short cuts were taken and no effort was made to really provide more detailed or organized information than the minimum . Perhaps that was the purpose of the book , but that is not what is needed . I just do not understand all of the positive reviews , unless the reviewers did not carefully read the spec . and did not know better . I just did not want to pay for shortcuts in the writing .
 There are two problems with this book . First , it uses figures from the specification . The PCI Express specification is very poor when it comes to figures , tables and charts . I had hoped that this book was going to have some decent figures , tables and charts , and provide more design help than the specification . Instead it simply rewords the specification . The second problem is that it is out of date . There has been numerous engineering change orders generated by the PCI special interest group -LSB- sig -RSB- against rev. 1.0 a . The PCI sig has just come out with revision 1.1 . This book covers neither . I have ordered a different book that someone told me about . I have been told this other book has addressed the above two problems , I hope so .
 The index on this thing is worthless ... The whole point of having a reference book , in my opinion , is to have quick , easy access to information when I need it . The point is not to have to read the book from cover to cover in order to find the information you need . Each time I try to get something out of this book , I get more and more frustrated.On one hand , there 's the PCI-E spec , which is horribly written and incomplete , but completely searchable due to its being available in PDF form ; on the other hand , you have this better-written but almost completely unsearchable book . Great .
 This book proves to be unconstitutional , I can not believe John Yoo teaches at UC Berkeley , I would be ashamed to call myself a professor and a patriot writing a book like this .
 Professor Yoo 's writing style is as nearly befuddled and confused as his understanding of a Constitutional law . I can say without fear of contradiction that this is by far one of the most ill-conceived , unsubstantive and pointless books I have ever had the misfortune to read . His theories and assertions are never clearly backed up with any real documentation or legal reasoning and he fails miserably in making any clear or concise point . I feel this book was nothing more that a total waste of time . Perhaps Professor Yoo should stick to writing legal arguments , where style and in his case substance , do n't really matter .
 Yoo 's arguments in favor of an essentially unchecked executive fly in the face of everything that the Founders intended when creating our great country . He is undoubtedly intelligent , given the prowess with which he manipulates the Constitution and legal precepts into seemingly supporting his own theory . Despite the packaging , however , the fundamental basis for his theory is fatally flawed . He is , at his core , merely an opportunist who advocates theories for the sole purpose of furthering his own career , rather than because they actually have merit . In other words , he 's just a hack at heart . This book is n't worth your time or money .
 The author of this book hates freedom and his book is unsupported by the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
 There 's no way I would read a book and give profit to a man who wrote memos to attempt to allow Bush to circumvent the Geneva Convention against torture .
 Law prof David Cole eviscerated this book in the NY Review of Books , 11/17/05 issue . Yoo 's twisted `` originalist '' arguments for a super-executive in wartime are in direct contrast to the Founders ' desire to prevent just such usurpation . They 'd just escaped George III ; they did n't want to repeat the experience.Cole goes on to point out that `` arguments against -LSB- Yoo 's -RSB- theory are academic . Modern practice is closer to Yoo 's view than to the framers ' vision . '' Congress has increasingly abdicated its powers to the presidency.So if you want to read a defense of the `` imperial presidency '' by someone who 's demonstrated , in the Torture Memos , that he has no respect for America 's ideals , this is the book for you .
 Mr Yoo moves on from his earlier arguments that torture falls at a point slightly short of physical death , organ failure or loss of limb . Mr Yoo makes some interesting if devastating points with his new theories . The President 's war powers , he argues , allow him to do , basically , whatever he wants . The President may , if he chooses , crush the genitals of children , maim , torture or kill civilians . In this respect one might remember that Bush ordered an air strike on the house occupied by the infant grandchildren of Saddam Hussein AFTER the end of the Iraq war and even though the house was surrounded by US troops . The President is limited , according to Mr Yoo , only by how he CHOOSES to interpret International Treaties and as he has the power to repudiate such treaties or ignore them entirely -LRB- as in the International Human Rights for the Child Treaty , the Geneva Convention or the Treaty of Vienna , -RRB- then , this means that presidential power is absolute EVEN if despotic criminal or tyrannical . Mr Yoo appears now to say that the President and his henchmen , cronies and agencies MAY indeed use indiscriminant torture . Mr Yoo however does not adequately explain how the President can thus overturn congressional treaty ratification . As what constitutes a ` time of war ' is also up to the President and does not rely on any ` legal ' declaration of war -LRB- which is a matter of international law to which the US is thus not subject , -RRB- then the US may have , effectively , a Despot Emperor for President . Does the ` War on Drugs ' thus give the President the same wartime powers as he asserts for his ` War on Terror ' - an undeclared war on no particular nation state ? Is the US thus always in a state of war ? This is interesting , not just semantically , as the District and Supreme Courts appear to agree with Mr Yoo 's interpretation , blocking cases connected with this on grounds of national security whilst Congress does not appear to care . Perhaps Clinton should have used Mr Yoo 's arguments in the Monical Lewinsky scandal and impeachment hearings . War powers might have thus allowed him to do whatever he wanted with his cigar and to lie about it in the national interest . The problem with Mr Yoo 's argument is that Checks and Balances thus no longer appear to exist . Interestingly if one applies Mr Yoo 's arguments to their logical end he becomes an eloquent advocate for terrorism or for the Holocaust where the ends justify the use of any means , however horrible . Of course , either this is pretty much nonsense and makes toilet paper of the Declaration of Independence , Magna Carta , democracy and human rights OR the truth is more terrifying and the US is now a Stalinist or Nazi state . I suspect Mr Yoo could be subject to arrest as a war criminal should he ever leave the United States and visit a civilised country ???
 The 2 biggest mistakes made by government in my lifetime are Congress giving away war powers in 1965 and 2002 . The constitution holds that declaring war is the responsibility of the Congress . If the Executive has grounds for war let him/her present them and Ccongress vote . Twice I have seen Congress abdicate this important power with disasterous results . This is just one of many examples why Yoo has no clue .
 Professor Yoo makes many seemingly compelling arguments in favor of his contention that the President has virtually unfettered authority sanctioned by our constitution , but , as reasonable as his arguments may seem , what I find to be the underlying flaw is that he 's arguing that unrestrained authority of the chief executive is somehow consistent with the principles of constitutional democracy and the rule of law upon which our system of government is based.Frankly , this is a completly cognitively dissonant position ; advocating an authoritarian right in the name of democracy just does n't meet the test of reason . It 's functionally identical to the argument that `` We have to destroy the village to save it '' made popular during the Vietnam War.Benjamin Franklin famously said ; `` Those who would give up essential Liberty to purchase a little temporary Safety , deserve neither Liberty nor Safety '' . Clearly the good professor does n't seem to grasp this essential concept as elucidated by one of our most respected and revered Founders .
 Lawyer John Yoo worked with the Bush administration in the wake of 9/11 to provide legal justification for a variety of illegal and unconstitutional tactics to be used by the administration to fight terrorism . For example , Yoo claimed presidents have unilateral authority to initiate wars without Congressional approval . Clearly this violates the Constitution . This power was explicity given to Congress . And this book tries to justify a variety of acts of tyranny , large and small , by a president beset with a problem he could n't cope with .9 / 11 overwhelmed the Bush administration . But I do not fault President Bush too much -- realize that such an attack would overwhelm ANY president of either party . Generally , serious terrorism can easily knock over any democratically elected government like a tsunami , and the United States is no exception . Democracies under attack by serious terrorist conspiracies typically revert to an authoritarian structure to fight the attack , and government usually wins its war , but during these times citizens suffer . This happened in the Philippines under Marcos and in Chile under Pinochet . That the Bush administration resorted to extra-legal tactics to try to protect people is understandable but problematic because it undermines freedom and the rule of law . But I think partisans on the left are as clueless as those on the right about what to do.How can we cope with mysterious thugs hiding in caves seeking weapons of mass destruction ? For me , that 's the underlying problem . Solve terrorism ; and you 'll solve the problem of illegal activity by government and make everybody safer . And this requires a non-partisan overhaul of the Constitution.Thomas W. Sulcerauthor of `` The Second Constitution of the United States '' -LRB- free on web -- google title above + sulcer -RRB-
 This book contains exactly one chapter on hydroponics and it 's not a very good chapter . As a general book on growing , it 's not bad , but anything that purports itself as being a `` grow bible '' should include extensive information on evaluating hydroponics systems and mediums and how to use and maintain them throughout a grow . This book contains some information on this , but not nearly enough . For whatever reasons , it includes far more information on genetics and breeding , but most growers I know buy clones or seeds . Those pages would have been better devoted to all things hydroponics.Is there a good book focused primarily on indoor hydroponic growing ? Not sure I need it now , but it would have been great to have a few months back .
 Some ideas in this book are as helpful as any newspapers ' garden section . There are EVIDENT growing ERRORS in this book . If you are a beginner or intermediate grower , this book may misguide your gardening efforts . If you want real facts , there are better sources out there .
 If you ca n't say something nice ... Well , actually this book is not as bad as some reviewers have noted . Add it to your collection ... fo ` sho ... but keep it all balanced with some resources from the mainstream gurus -LRB- like Cervantes & Rosenthal -RRB- . I absolutely agree that the pictures are nice . It 's not exactly the best step-by-step for simple information and getting started . For starters , I most like Jorge 's simple methods of instruction . -LRB- Ed 's also a good back up -RRB- . Again , this book is n't a bad back up , too .
 Some parts make no sense at all as you read through this book . In one sentence in the book Green says not to remove the fan leaves and three sentences later he says to remove them . This is very confusing and shows a lack of editing . Growing errors are littered in this book making it frustrating to read .
 I buy book it very bad . Drawing make on 20 years old Epson pinter . pictures dark I try book grow then plants sick . Book advise bad . I buy Marijuana Horticulture Cervante . Now happy it have many picture many good word drawing good advise good plants happy .
 The info in this book is terrible for a novice grower and an expert can use only the section on BREEDING thats it the only detailed chapter in the whole book.Another book lost in the past 70s and 80s knowledge of growing , and odd enough all the plant pics are of poor unhealthy , badly pruned , and terrible bud pics ... If you went by this book you will end up with the ABSOLUTE CRAP YOU WILL SEE IN IT !!!!!!! This guy makes me want to write a book on the subject very much , this book should be sent to 1970 ... GEORGE CERVANTES REVISED INDOOR HORTICULURE IS YOUR BEST BUY TODAY and this book only for BREEDING ...
 If you 're looking to order this book I 'd recommend looking elsewhere . I ordered this book over 2 months ago and Amazon has never shipped it . It is not out-of-print so I do n't know why this has occurred . Amazon claims they are out-of-stock . But how long does it take to order a book that is currently in-print ??? Amazon really dropped the ball on this one .
 I have read many books on the subject and this is by far the worst one . The author thinks he knows everything and that his book is the definitive work on the subject . That is a bad combo . When you have that attitude , then you are no longer open to new methods or opinions . Any book , in this day and age , that has 4 chapters on soil and only one on hydro is better used as kindling . Setups are poorly explained , there are few pictures , and it yields more frustration than crops .
 Been over a month , still no book , it 's a simple order , it 's just a book . Will never buy anything from Amazon again .
 This book never shipped . ordered over 6 weeks ago . Smazon still says ships within 1-3 weeks . it has been 4 weeks past their estimated ship date . So do n't bother ordering this book .
 Sorry to say , although Roland Barthes is an icon to some . This short book is self-indulgent , unintelligible , and therefore useless . The author is far more interested in himself than he is interested in the subject .
 This book is a sure snooze-fest . Luckily for me I did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class . We read selected chapters of the book.They writing was horrible . Many parts were unclear . I had to reread what I read over and over . I ca n't stand this style of writing . Barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent . Instead , he comes off as boring and pretentious.Skip this book ... try something else .
 If you 're thinking of reading this hoping for some insight on the creative process of the photographer , do n't look to this ponderous , jargon-laden critique of `` The Photograph '' . Barthes readily admits he 's not a photographer and his viewpoint is only from side of the observer and the object . Barthes does offer a couple of intriguing ideas
 It is my belief that people who really know what they are talking about can explain their thoughts clearly . I can not be sure if the fault in this book is with the original author or the translator , but it certainly does not measure up to this criterion . It may be of interest to photography academics , but I doubt if a photographer will get much out of it that is useful .
 This is a * postcard * book . The Amazon description does not mention this particular bit of information . I was expecting * text * and art , but this is not what I received . Beautiful art , but -- again -- not what I had expected .
 The title of this book could not be more fitting , as it Copan 's flawed and ridiculous INTERPRETATION of Scripture and the nature of God.Copan needs to read up on some verses , namely , Jeremiah 10:23 , John 5:19 and 15:5 , and Philippians 2:13 , not to mention Proverbs 16:9 and 19:21 , all of which shoot down the notion of man 's supposed sovereign `` free will '' , which legalists like to think will somehow override the actual sovereign will of God . L. Ray Smith 's website , Bible-Truths . com , has some excellent refutations of the `` free will '' notion.He also needs to study the Greek terms , `` aion '' and `` aionion '' , which do not denote `` eternity '' or `` eternal '' as is often thought when it comes to verses like Matthew 25:46 . His INTERPRETATION of `` Hell '' , while 10,000 times more merciful than the `` Hellfire and Damnation '' notion , is still unscriptural and a misinterpretation . `` Hell '' is actually derived from the Anglo-Saxon `` Hel '' , meaning `` hole '' or `` hidden place '' , hardly the kind of words that would bring up visualizations of `` torment '' . Copan proves that when you are possessed by the obsession to `` win , win , win arguments against those good-for-nothing non-Christians '' , you start to pour out nonsense like this . `` Apologetics '' seems to take on the characteristics of a fistfight rather than a search for the deeper and abiding knowledge and wisdom of God . Copan simply joins the ever-growing list of legalistic apologists who seem , if you 'll excuse the expression , `` Hell '' - bent on BEING RIGHT AT ALL COSTS .
 I hate to say this about a Christian apologist like Paul Copan , who has put out some very good apologetic material , but this book was horrendous . I mean it was absolutely terrible . I ca n't even begin to describe how many poor conclusions were reached and how many poor answers were given to problems raised with Christianity . He had EXTREMELY simplistic and EXAGGERATED explanations of what other faiths held -LRB- especially Eastern Pantheism , which he completely misrepresented -RRB- . On pages 98-99 Copan discusses the problem of natural disasters . Copan &#8217; s explanations in the previous parts of this chapter seem to deal only with moral evils which result from human choices , so here he attempts to address the issue of evil which seems not to stem from human choices . He argues that natural disasters are actually necessary to keep life on this planet alive -LRB- 98 -RRB- . For example , earthquakes are needed to recycle essential nutrients back into the continents -LRB- 98 -RRB- . I personally do not find his argument very convincing . I think that any Christian would need to tie natural evils into the Fall as Schaffer does in Genesis in Space and Time , where he presents natural evils as stemming from a rift which developed between man and nature as a result of sin . If we do not do this , it does not make much sense for God to curse the ground as a result of Adam &#8217; s sin , for it would already have been cursed if nothing in nature changed as a result of the Fall . Further , as a philosophical objection , surely God could have created a world where natural disasters were not necessary to sustain the earth . Copan responds to this by saying that we can not know that a world with this condition is possible -LRB- 98-99 -RRB- , but does he really believe that there will be natural disasters on the new earth ? I sincerely hope that he has better expectations than that.Copan also claims that all three members of the Trinity got together before Jesus became incarnate and decided what Jesus self-limitations should be -LRB- 135 -RRB- . He makes it sound like God , Jesus , and the Holy Spirit had this little business meeting and voted on what Jesus should have to give up in becoming human . I can not imagine what Copan could possibly use to support this view , as we hardly have access to the logs from the Trinity &#8217; s meetings , nor do I see why this was a necessary point to be thrown in with the rest.Copan had some absolutely horrible theological implications spread all over the book . For example , he had a chapter discussing how it could be that Jesus was tempted , since the Bible says that God can not be tempted . Copan &#8217; s idea that Jesus mistakenly thought that he could sin when he in reality could not is not a view that seems particularly attractive to me . Copan seems to be stretching things a bit too far when he claims that Jesus simply thought that he could sin , therefore the temptation was real to him -LRB- 141 -RRB- . Copan decided beforehand that Jesus could not sin because God can not sin -LRB- though he fails to address the problem which he opens the chapter with in saying &#8220; if God can not sin , then it seems he is not really free or all-powerful &#8221; -LSB- 138 -RSB- -RRB- , and is forced to reduce himself to pulling some strange stunts to make his ends meet . Unfortunately for Copan , I do not think that concluding that Jesus must have been mistaken in his beliefs is an adequate way of making his ends meet . If Jesus was mistaken about his ability to sin , why should he not be mistaken about other things as well ? Copan &#8217; s solution seems to simply open up an even larger can of worms than the one he is attempting to close with his answer.Some of his answers to problems raised with Christianity are simply rediculous . For example , in the chapter discussing the Cananite genoicide , Copan says that the Israelite soldiers did not go around raping and brutalizing the Canaanites , as the Crusaders did to the Muslims -LRB- 165-166 -RRB- . They were not fighting -LRB- in theory -RRB- out of love for bloodshed , but in obedience to God , and they fought under God &#8217; s morality even in battle -LRB- 165-166 -RRB- . While this is helpful information , I am not sure that it really alleviates the problem addressed in this chapter
 The only reason I gave this book one star is because zero stars is n't an option . This book is a waste of paper and ink.There are several things about this book that greatly disturbed me.First , this book is blantantly unbiblical . Most of the things in this book have no basis whatsoever in Scripture . This book is perfectly named . It contains nothing more than worldly wisdom and the author 's often absurb interpretations of Scripture . It twists the teachings of Christ and Scripture to an almost unbelievable degree . Scriptures are often taken out of context and used to support man-made ideas.I had high hopes for this book . A non Christian friend has asked some questions that I do n't know how to answer . So I hoped this book would help me find the answers . Suffice it to say , I was very wrong.It also concerns and grieves me that bible scholars such as Ravi Zacharias and JP Moreland have endorsed this book . Surely scholars of this caliber should be able to recognize the many unbiblical teachings in this book.Many Christians are so guillible today . Many seem to believe that just because a person claims to be a christian it means they are.This book is a perfect example of why discernment is so neccessary.Do yourself a favor . If you are looking for answers , look elseware . I would recommend anything by Norman Geisler . Skip this book .
 When I first read all the fabulous reviews about this book , I was thinking it would be like reading about other independent , strong , iconic women of this era - Coco Chanel and the like . Boy was I wrong ! Instead I read the musings of a completely shallow , totally self-involved fashionista . I struggled to read each chapter , wondering when she would do anything of substance or meaning . I mean , the woman would n't even leave Paris during WWII until the last possible moment -LRB- her husband had already fled -RRB- because she could n't bear to leave the couture houses ! She even claimed that she was the person who is responsible for the creation of quickdry nail polish and Revlon - pretty far-fetched if you ask me . Every memory about important events in her life was associated not with the event itself but with what she was wearing.I realize that you have to appreciate the book for what it is - her own experience of the world in the times in which she lived . I guess I just could n't relate and I doubt anyone who looks for autobiographies about women of some substance would either .
 If you 're looking for some insights into fashion and/or the fashion world , look else where . I thought I 'd gain some insights to the world of fashion -LRB- an area of life that I 'm not famailiar with -RRB- but I was very disappointed . Nothing but nothing in this book had to do with fashion , the fashion business , nor the intellectual exercise that goes into fashion . This was simply the rambling lifetime memories of a well respected player from the fashion field . Childhood , young adult , married , Europe , here , there , everywhere ... if you like name dropping -LRB- and I admit she did drop some impressive names -RRB- - this book is for you . If you 're looking for some insights into fashion and/or the fashion world , look else where .
 Do not buy from this publisher . The book looks like it was printed from Google Books on a home printer . It is missing half the book and all the pictures and the pages and paragraphs are not formatted properly . If you own a printer you are better off printing the PDF from Google Books . I am forced to return this book , even though I 've been looking forward to reading it for weeks .
 Brokaw glosses over a very important subject and shows his political colors readily . It is unfortunate that the same subject has not yet been treated by a more serious and professional author .
 Important book , well-intentioned , beautifully appointed , for both casual and research purposes . Brokaw is a very strong writer , in great command of the American language , as he always demonstrates on TV with his resonant speaking voice.I wrote above , well-intentioned ... but not well-conceived
 I was excited to finally get my hands on this book to read it and learn more about the generation I know least about . However , I was sorely disappointed . Mr. Brokaw repeatedly tried to point out characteristics of that generation that I clearly did not see and that I have seen many times over in other generations . When he states that the integrity and work ethic of that generation is not seen today , I am offended and appalled . That kind of position is not only wrong but harmful . The parents and youth of today have not had to deal with a draft - to no fault of their own - however they have had many other obstacles to face that did not automatically make them heroes . I was angered and disappointed by this book . It was neither informative nor inspiring .
 I was assigned this book as preparation for an A.P. English class , and I was incredibly disappointed with it . Although it features some stirring stories of bravery and compassion -LRB- hence the two stars -RRB- , every word of it is poured over with syrup and then carelessly vomited onto the page . Only about half of the words in this book are necessary at all to the context of the stories it tells ; the rest are flag-waving literary masturbation . Consider sentences like these : `` Millions of men and women were involved in this tumultous journey through adversity and achievement , despair and triumph . Certainly there were those who failed to measure up , but taken as a whole this generation did have a ` rendezvous with destiny ' that went well beyond the outsized expectations of President Roosevelt when he first issued that call to duty in 1936 . `` Yes , I get it , Grandma and Grandpa were great ! Now please , sir , learn how to structure a sentence ! Most of the rest of the book is mindlessly self-indulgent treacle in this repetitive vein . How this man got a book deal is comprehensible to me only because I know how famous Brokaw is , but how any sadly misinformed American bought this book is more than beyond me . Please , if you respect yourself as a human being , DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK .
 The book I ordered was a gift . I am sure they will enjoy reading it but it took a very long time to get here . Disappointed in that !
 I started to read `` The Greatest Generation '' in the hope that it would contribute to World War II history . I really can not say it did . I also found it to be repetitive . I also challenge the notion of the World War II generation being the `` greatest generation '' because of the patriotism it displayed . We have had individuals display similar patriotism throughout our history , especially since World War II . A recent example is Pat Tillman , the Arizona Cardinal Safety who give up millions to join the Army Rangers and gave his life in Afghanistan . I also find it interesting that Mr Brokaw admires the World War II generation for its patriotism yet objected to his fellow journalists wearing the American flag .
 Now , I do n't want to downplay the importance of WW2 and all the heroes , known and unknown , that contributed to the efforts of that struggle . . But to dub them the absolute `` greatest '' is an insult to both older and younger generations . What about the Revolutionary War or the Civil War , or WWI for that matter ? What about the founders of our country who fought so desperately on the American frontier long before any of us were born . . Being 19 , i belong to a younger generation , one that does n't -LRB- at present -RRB- have any large scale wars to fight , though I 'd like to think we can still amount to something and not have to live forever in the shadows of our valiant elders .
 Dear Mr. Brokaw
 Greater than all the other generations of Americans ? What about the generations of men and women who formed this nation , built the states , towns , farms , died on the battlefields of the Revolution , War of 1812 and Civil War , and more . In short , what about the very people who made it possible for there to even be an American WWII generation ? In my opinion , the WWII generation earns a different title
 The most touching part of this book was when the author wrote
 The book itself is n't bad - as bad as I would have expected from a media talking head.The problem is that the whole premise of the book seems to be a way for baby boomers to redeem themselves by attaching themselves to the people who fought World War II . This from a generation that never gave a thought for its own children , that trashed their parents until - surprise , surprise , they realized they 're growing old , too . So now , all that is old is wonderful , when 30 years ago , all that is young was wonderful.So , while the baby boomers make themselves feel good , yet again , it 'll be up to the generations after them to clean up their messes.More books like this will start pouring out as baby boomers realize their own mortality and start searching for ways to make themselves look better .
 I thought Mr. Brokaw took a somewhat condescending attitude to some of these stories by seriously overplaying every possible good quality of these individuals . I started to wonder if these were real humans who accomplished extraordinary things or creations of the author 's imagination . I am not arguing with the basic premise that this was an extraordinary generation of people , I just wish the author would have told a more complete story on fewer people and had not thrown in so many cliche compliments . By staying so much on the surface of these people 's lives , he did not do them justice and the stories began to sound repetitive . I also noticed that Mr. Brokaw 's writings on these people , especially the prominent ones , was colored by his personal political leanings . He seemed to celebrate those whose political beliefs are consistent with his , and apologize or make excuses for those who 's positions do n't -LRB- read Danial Inoye 's & Bob Dole 's stories for examples -RRB- . Mr. Brokaw 's respect and reverence for the men & women who won WWII is justified & touching . This was a book that needed to be written . I just wish a more polished and serious writer -LRB- Steven Ambrose ? -RRB- had written it .
 My father served in Europe during WW II . Like many other G. I. 's he returned home with a foreign-born wife . It was very disappointing that there was no mention of soldiers and their war brides in this book . The individual stories are good as far as they go , but Brokaw trivializes them with the same flowery comments repeated again and again . Some celebrity stories such as Art Buchwald 's were very entertaining , but other celebrity names were mentioned without an account of the individual 's experiences . Would you call that name dropping ? I agree with all the other reviewers who liked the stories but found them pooly written .
 Do n't bother reading this book . Brokaw 's sham will teach you nothing about the Second World War . Instead , read Studs Terkel 's THE GOOD WAR or anything by Paul Fussell . Better yet , go talk to a veteran ... We 're lucky they 're still around .
 Tom Brokaw has chosen a fanastic topic
 Being born the son of one of `` The Greatest Generation , '' I share the belief that those who defended our country in the largest conflict known to man , are well desired of any praise afforded then . In this , Mr. Brokaw and I agree . I 'll go futher to say ; any book that preports to accomphish such a task is will worth picking up . I do take exception through when the author , a well-respected television journalist , uses as a front so noble a subject for not only his own self-promotion , but to air his political views as well . In addition , the simplistic manner in which the book is written makes it more a chore to read that had it been done in a more literate style . Anyone needing a real taste of how this style of book should be written , need look no further than that masterpiece dealing with this same generation , `` Hard Times , '' written by Studs Terkel.It appears Mr. Brokaw has forgotten the one cardinal rule the recorder of history is ultimately committed to providing , naming , stating the facts . His constant editorializing on the failings of the Republican party adds nothing to the content of his writting and serves to relegate the book to his own private soap box from which to wave banner of the Democratic party which he has firmly cleched in his teeth . In segment after segment , be they deal with what transpired severty years past or within the last few years , he never misses an opportunity to paint those of the Republican persuasion in a negative light . He further goes on to to be insensitive enough to include a photograph of the current President of the United States before one 's even gotten into the first chapter . Over the course of the next fifty years Mr. Clinton 's generation will surely not be viewed with the same reverence as that this book is dedicated to . The reverse is probalby more likely , and as such , Mr. Brokaw has unwittingly provided a touching , through unintentional piece of irony , for Mr. Cliton does represent all the oppostie of `` Great '' within his generation.Continuing in the same vein of using his work as a personal platform , the author provides us constant reminders as to just who wrote this piece of work . Providing his readers numerous glimpses of himself ; as television reporter , as small boy , as the journalist in Normandy , -LRB- not once , by twice -RRB- as husband , as son , and even as television game show contestant . He manages to include most of the Brokaw clan within the narative , missing only poor old Uncle Claude , who no doubt pumped gas at the local Flying A station in Yankton . In the event the reader is completly incoherant about who the author is , Mr. Brokaw has his name promenently displayed at the top of and centered on every other page.In the final analysis , this book fails to fully recognize the greatness a generation captured . It does capture the animosity the author holds for individuals of a particular political party and for exposing the reader to the rankest form of self promotion .
 I preface my remarks by saying that as a foreigner and as a citizen of a pathologically ` neutral ' , state I have no first hand or cultural knowledge of what it must have been like to live through a War as catastrophic as World War II . However , part of my motivation in reading this book was to get a greater sense of the ` home front ' aspects of war and since I like Mr. Brokaw 's tabloid style of journalism I felt I was on to a winner . Although eminently readable as expected , there was , after Chapter 3 or so , a sameness to each bite-sized vignette that eventually lead me to discard the book in annoyance . I never finished the wretched thing ! In short , repetition is Mr. Brokaw 's greatest sin and while he established firmly the decency , ordinariness and patriotism of the Greatest Generation , he did them no great service by effectively imbuing them with an undeserved tag of ` Boring ' as well !
 Rather than letting his subjects tell their stories Brokaw interjects his politics and philosophy . I donated my copy to the city library . Instead , read Studs Terkel 's `` The Good War . '' It `` is '' what Brokaw could have `` had '' , if he would have imitated the master oral biographer .
 Unfortunately , this book is just a series of repetitive `` snippets '' that really does little to tell the story of this generation . I am about Brokaw 's age and my parents and their brothers and sisters numbered 17 in total . I have heard all the stories , and have three uncles buried in Europe . I found Brocaw with little talent -LRB- this book could have been done by a mediocre college sophomore -RRB- and a love for `` Brocaw '' . Never have I seen a `` talking head '' lever his TV exposure to the extent this guy has . He , like a lot of his generation gave little , reaped plenty and are looking for legitimacy via the accomplishments of their parents.Also , please note he put his name on every other page . Really a tacky work . The `` ME '' generation is true to form !!!!
 The beginning and ending narrative touched my heart being from the great state of South Dakota and having walked many small cemeteries where veterans flags and tombstones mark the sites of our fallen . Other than that the stories were shallow and uninteresting , lacking depth and insight of the effect of the war on these individuals . Let 's face it , post war prosperity brought these veterans the success they enjoy today . I do n't think it had much to do with their military experiences . Joe Foss was not revered by South Dakotans to any extent and throwing Al Neuharth in was really clutching at straws.Really it was the parents of these WWII veterans that were the sacrificers , the moralists , the conservers , the workers , the survivors that should get the credit .
 My cryptic summary is trying to condense the fact that the individual stories are very interesting , put together they all start to run together into sameness . The indivudal accomplishments throughout the book as well as what this generation accomplished is undeniably fantastic . However , Brokaw 's book ramrods this home with such volume that I simply could n't take it anymore . I wanted to like this book , but I 'll take Ambrose 's D-Day book anyday .
 They may very well be the `` Greatest Generation , '' but this well meaning book fails to give much insight into why.The book consists of a series of thumbnail sketches of individuals who served or lived through the period of the Second World War . Each story goes like this
 My generation is more moral , harder working , braver , more disiplined , in every way better than yours , that 's what I was told as a child , and this book continues it . They won a war , we stopped an unjust one . They lynched black people , we died with them to help win them the right to vote . Yes winning WWII was great , what have you done for me lately ?
 My father had this book on his shelf so I picked it up last Christmas break and polished it off in one afternoon , and it is obvious that Tom had very little to do with this book . IF you read the introduction , he essentially thanks everybody who found all the various stories for his book . The book is nothing more than a collection of compiled stories with Tom Brokaw 's name on the book jacket . Hey Tom , write your own stories !
 Well , what can be said that has n't been said in 327 other reviews . In short , I found this book to be too shallow and `` bland . '' Just lost my interest . This is the first book I have ever given up on . I feel a great shame in not finishing but I just ca n't subject myself to it no longer ! I thought it would be moving and inspiring , instead it was `` blah . '' With regards , Max
 Half of this book is just Tom reading events from a high school history book . I expected the book to contain 90 % letters but was disappointed half of the book contained this unwanted history review . It seems Tom is just trying to capitalize on the generation 's tragedy . His reading of the factual events adds almost nothing to the understanding of the letters .
 Brokaw 's `` greatest generation '' thesis is dubious and presumptuous . Some facts
 This book is mainly about Brokaw 's love for Republican politicians who served in World War Two , and little else . The average GI does n't seem to matter here . There are some interesting parts , such as how black veterans were treated , but all in all , this book fails miserably .
 Yeah , I 'm impressed with everything that those veterans did in the years following the war , but Brokaw seems to focus only -LRB- or mostly -RRB- on those that became politicians or in government . What about the effects of the war on musicians ? or artists ? I would have liked to see him expand on his stories more . All in all , I felt obligated to finish the book -LRB- my mother raved about it , but then , she is one of `` those generation '' -RRB- but I would n't recommend it or read it again .
 We all know Tom Brokaw to be a second-rate , fear-peddling , shallow and unoriginal broadcaster . With this book , Brokaw manages to transplant all of these attributes to writing . As if poor and occasionally self-conciously florid writing did not make this book poor enough , Brokaw , as any mass-media ninny would do , focuses on truly trivial aspects of World War II , e.g. , the experiences of `` victims '' -- women , etc. . In the process , he completely eschews any meaningful tribute to what WWII was fought for , what any serious treatment of the subject would not leave out . The result is a thoroughly banal presentation of the most heroic and momentous event of the twentieth century . But , this is what I should have expected from a television newscaster . Churchill 's `` The Second World War '' is still -LRB- by far -RRB- the best history of WWII , personal or otherwise . Is it any coincidence that WWII 's greatest hero was also its greatest historian ?
 Sure , this generation won a war , but what was the alternative?In my opinion , all this generation did was run up the world 's greatest debt ... then leave it to their kids to pay the tab.When they did n't have a war to send their children to , they created one in Vietnam . After killing over 50,000 of us , they decided maybe it was n't such a good idea afterall.When they decided they did n't want to pay for their own medical bills , they created Medicare . And guess who pays ? They underfunded their retirement . And guess who pays ? They built a highway system . And guess who pays ? They poluted the environment like never before . Guess who pays to clean it up the mess.I do agree with Brokaw on one point , this is one generation that was the greatest at one thing ... avoiding responsibility .
 With a catchy title and the author 's fame , the book predictably makes most bestseller lists . The author began with an interesting idea - that the generation which grew up during the depression , defeated tyranny as young adults , and then delivered prosperity and freedom from communism as mature adults is a unique generation.Alas , Brokaw chose not to develop the idea or explain why this generation was special apart from the accident of fate . Instead , he simply recounts anecdotes of more or less interesting folks as if their narratives prove anything . I am certain that any marginally competent college journalism student could do the same with any generation - find 30 or so folks from whose stories one could extrapolate a theory of greatness.Brokaw 's book typifies the problem of the mass media - lack of any intellectual rigor or depth . Brokaw seems like a nice chap who loved his mom and dad , and decided to write a book to consecrate his love for them . Good son , bad writer .
 One thing is certain - Tom Brokaw is no author . His writing abilities are fair at best . He paints broad conclusions without support . He drills on and on with cliches while giving little attention to the fascinating facts that should have dominated his account . Although many of the individuals for whom chapters are devoted have lived fascinating lives , Brokaw demonstrates an uncanny ability to reduce these stories into fluff summaries . He pays relatively little attention to what one would expect to be a main focus - combat experience . For example , Brokaw states that everyone knows about Bob Dole 's war record and injuries so Brokaw wo n't repeat it in the book . Yet he repeats in detail aspects of Dole 's political experiences with which the public is surly much more familiar . The war is much more interesting , and is the basis for the book , so why skip it ? Because of these flaws and Brokaw 's sub-par writing style , I finished reading this book with less respect for Brokaw 's intellect than when I started.On a larger scale , the premise of the book is a simple one - that the World War II generation is the greatest generation America has put forth . However , Brokaw seems to ignore the issue of cause and effect . Brokaw fails to explain why the WWII generation caused the successes of WWII and beyond , as opposed to factual circumstance -LRB- the existence of the war and the already-existing might of the USA -RRB- simply providing avenues for success . For the majority of the people in the book , there is only a tentative connection between the war and their later endeavors . Would n't any generation have come to the defense of the USA ? The simple fact that great individuals lived and participated in the war does not prove Brokaw 's point . A book narrating the lives of great people could be created for ANY generation . Are the people that make up Generation X less able ? Or is it simply that these individuals have not been forced to prove themseleves in a manner such as those in WWII?Of course , the majority of these questions are unanswerable . I agree that the USA and the world owes a great debt to the WWII generation . They have built the world as it is today . Brokaw simply presents no proof , and could not offer any proof , that other generations , if given the same situation , would not have performed as well , if not better .
 Tom Brokaw 's best selling book and the generational designation derived from it have created an imbalanced image of those born in the period roughly from 1905 and 1925 who lived through the Great Depression , fought -LRB- or supported the war effort -RRB- of World War II and enjoyed post war prosperity and endured the Cold War . They did all these things and deserve much , but not all , credit for the positive outcomes over this period.While Brokaw acknowledges post-war developments , most people consider that generation to be defined by the triumph of World War II . What is missing is -LRB- 1 -RRB- much of the leadership throughout the Great Depression and World War II were from a still-earlier generation and -LRB- 2 -RRB- for good or ill , people from that generation continued to be highly influential in political and cultural affairs for nearly 50 years following World War II . For example , the last American President from that generation finished his term in 1993 . `` Greatest Generation '' politicians and military leaders presided over the Korea and Vietnam wars , for better or worse . The `` men in gray flannel suits ` of the '50s , the Beats , Tim Leary and the other founders of the drug culture , etc , etc were largely of that generation.Like all groups of people born over , say , a twenty year period -- any twenty year period -- the cohesion of that `` generation '' over time is easily exaggerated and becomes a mere stereotype . The `` Greatest Generation '' must claim Vietnam , Nixon and much of the cultural turmoil of the post World War II era should be on the generation 's resume as well as its successes . `` The Greatest Generation '' is a tribute . It should not become a myth .
 I had heard good things about this book , but was disappointed . This story had already been told in this format , and been told better , by Studs Terkel in his book The Good War . Terkel interviewed more persons , let them tell their own story , and interviewed persons who had been successful as well as those that had not . Brokaw focuses only on those that had gone on to become successful , while Terkel includes those from all walks of life . If you are interested in reading a history in this format , I would recommend The Good War over The Greatest Generation .
 I was quite let down by the lack of real substance and information in the accounts . It is a great subject but the shallow treatment did not hold my interest . Ambrose 's Citizen Soldiers is much , much better .
 I simply can not understand why everyone is gushing praise on such a poorly written piece of patriotic blather . Is it that you can readily identify with the author when you plop down on the couch to watch the Nightly News ? The rambling , disconnected content of this book left me wanting a refund . I am a proud American , and one who has studied this period of time quite extensively , and this definitely WAS the Greatest Generation indeed ! This book , I fear , is going to lead to a host of copycat writings by those who will use their celebrity exposure to command a princely sum for a cliche-ridden hack job of a novel . Enough already !
 Ugh , probably every generation thought it was the greatest . While this book is highly popular because it caters to the current generation , it is hardly objective or researched in comparing it to other generations . What is the measure of greatenss ? If it is number of lives given for one 's country , then surely the Civil War generation gave much more and at a greatest cost to family . If it is technology , then surely it is the current generation . Brokaw never mentions that this same generation produced the nazis and the repressive values that decimated American families once the war was over . I think the book needs to be toned down and put in its proper perspective .
 The story was good for the first three chapters , then it was the same story over and over with new names . Highly overrated .
 I reviewed the book a while ago and gave it 4 stars but the more I thought about it the more I knew that that was not an accurate review . Brokaw acts like an idol-worshipping kid who is constantly glorifying the `` Greatest Generation '' . He only mentions the `` good '' people never really saying much about the `` bad '' people . This is the same generation that produced Nixon and McCarthy . This is a generation that was heavily conservative , who hated Russia just because they were communists , that swallowed whatever their American government told them . They were also racist , homophobic , miserly and close-minded . Tom Brokaw has painted a picture that is so biased that it almost ruins the reading experience . He is constantly comparing the `` greatest generation '' with the current generation and his comparisons are unfair . His greatest generation almost ruined this country , the current young generation has n't been given a chance yet and when they do I hope they make Brokaw eat his words . Tom Brokaw could have written a great book if he had included the bad with the good and did n't attack the character of the current young generation so viciously .
 Yes , yes , they served , they were heroes , of course ... they have done more than I could ever do.Somehow they forgot to instill in their children the same values.This is why we have a greedy , immoral , non-compassionate culture now.You do n't get to claim `` Greatest '' without passing on something.They passed on the irresponsible yuppie elite , the short-sighted corporate executives , the Hollywood suits giving us crappy movie after crappy movie.These are the offspring of this so-called `` Greatest Generation . `` To earn that title you have to ensure that the future will be better than what you had ... but they did n't , they bred a horribly self-entitled litter of jerks.Tom , you are a great newsman , but you took the wrong side on this one ... they may have been great people , but they were horrible parents who instilled terrible values in their kids .
 This is an insipid , uninspired , pointless , maudlin , unprovocative , boring , and poorly written travesty that never would have been published if the author had n't been famous . Save your money . -LRB- It might be useful for insomniacs , I must admit . -RRB-
 Should we be surprised that the generation Mr. Brokaw chose to characterize as the `` greatest '' happens to be the demographic most likely to by a book written by Mr. Brokaw ?
 I 've read this book and the first sequel , and was extremely disappointed with both . Brokaw is a poor writer , and a lousy editor . Although there are undoubtedly great stories to be told here , Brokaw manages to reduce the life stories of the greatest generation to tedium . It just is n't worth wading through the muck for the occasional nugget of good story.As a gift for someone of the WWII generation , this book might make sense . Otherwise , a person 's time would be better spent by reading a WWII book from someone else . Or perhaps by watching `` Saving Private Ryan '' again.Skip this loser , and the loser sequel . There are better choices out there .
 Sorry to say it , but this was -LRB- and is -RRB- a generation of brave individuals who now grumble relentlessly about how `` kids today never had to work for anything , everything was just handed to them . '' Right -- and they had to walk 50 miles to school everyday through the snow . Listen
 This is a bad and dangerous book . It 's a bad book because it 's boring , repetitious , simplistic and naive . The entire book is an ovation for those who participated and were heroic during WWII . I am not criticizing the fine people Mr. Brokaw portrays . I am criticizing the repetitiousness of Mr. Brokaw 's effort . He 's banging the same drum for 400 pages , and it 's very tedious . Mr. Brokaw is naive in his praise of the veterans ` modesty ' in not discussing their WWII experience . The failure to talk can be caused by trauma , selfishness or hidden pride . The WWII stories my dad told me were funny , scary , rude and more entertaining than anything Mr. Brokaw tells in his book . The book is dangerous for the following reason . If we accept his argument that this was the Greatest American Generation , then to be a good generation , we have to go fight a war , and be heroic in a variety of ways . It 's blatantly militaristic and contemptuous of those of us who work hard , and help our kids have happy lives . I 'm going to reread Catch 22 , and watch the Best Years of Our Lives to get the bad taste out of my mouth . I give Mr. Brokaw 1 star because he writes well .
 Brokaw has managed to take wonderful raw material and produce a book that would not challenge a junior high school student . The book is shallow and banal . I am sorry I wasted my money on it and even sorrier that he will receive it . Surely a man who makes his living with words can do better than this .
 I really looked forward to this book , based on my respect for Tom Brokaw and what I had heard . Unfortunately , he makes his point with a sledgehammer , telling sapppy stories with the same theme over and over , spoon feeding you the point , in case you somehow missed it . Grandma and Grandpa were great , generous , self-sacrificing gods and goddesses , and here are a thousand treacly repetitive stories why . This book condescends to the reader , unfortunately , probably with all good intentions but annoying results . I was n't able to finish this book , and that 's rare for me .
 This was not the greatest generation . This was the last bigoted generation . Bigotry today exists in smaller and smaller pockets , hangovers from the generation Brokaw prostrates himself to . My older friend tells me that she likes working with younger men than her own generation because she gets treated like an equal instead of a subordinate . Says it all really - the greatest generation does n't even like itself . Is Tom Brokaw out to make a buck with the old ` it were better in my time ' malarkey , or is he stupid ? Given that he is already very wealthy , and has never before struck me as an idiot , I 'm going for the only other option - he wanted more limelight . By the way , the book was repetitive . If they were that great , why were n't there more examples to call on than the same schmaltz delivered time and again .
 One needs nothing more than to read the chapter `` dedicated '' to Joe Foss to reveal Tom Brokaw as little more than just another dutiful , liberal , left wing , media wimp . How is it that one would clutter a chapter on a bonafide American hero with the stature of Medal of Honor recipient , Joe Foss , with an absolute out of context , and nonsense reference to Senator George McGovern ? Brokaw refers to McGovern 's heroic World War II action in which he received the Distinguished Flying Cross , and makes no real reference to the Medal of Honor exploits of the chapter 's hero , Joe Foss . To characterize McGovern as a war hero and political icon with no discussion of Foss ' heroic battlefield achievements , reveals Brokaw as one unfit to even begin to discuss such a man as Joe Foss . He clearly does not understand the difference between a MOH , and a DFC . If he does not understand that difference , he is equally unfit to write a book dedicated to the Greatist Generation . I used to respect the author until I read his book . Brokaw reveals himself in this chapter and others , as just another media liberal who can not rise above his left wing tradition . He does not even have the integrity to put aside his liberal political agenda in tribute to a generation , that I can see now , he in no way could begin to represent . Brokaw even goes so far as to take a shot a President Nixon in this chapter . What does a swipe at Nixon have to do with Joe Foss ? It was disgusting . The worst thing that a military man can say of an individual is that he is in any way `` unfit . '' Brokaw is unfit to speak of a generation of heroes , and certainly not one of the likes of Joe Foss in the same breath as George McGovern .
 It is not worth buying ! If this a must read for you go to our public library . You just might thank me !
 Coming on the heels of the terrific movie `` Saving Private Ryan , '' Brokaw 's book is sadly repetitive . One would think that World War II was the greatest thing Humanity was capable of . There were alot of interesting anecdotes , but not much of a point ; what did the `` greatest generation '' go on to produce ? Smug baby boomers . Unfortunately , that 's there legacy .
 You would have to be dead to not be touched by the stories in the book , but I found Mr. Brokaw 's writing style a bit dry . The writing ended up sucking the life out of the stories .
 Tom Brokaw pays tribute to a deserving generation in his book `` The Greatest Generation . '' However , he does so in a rather clumsy manner . Just try and read the book without constantly picturing Tom Brokaw reading it too you from his news desk . His prose is consistent with that of a news anchor , which unfortunately does not flow when read . At one point he makes some statement that this generation is `` the greatest generation anywhere ever . '' I mean come on , that is just absurd . My advice is to skip the sections where he writes about the generation in general -LRB- the intros , conclusion , etc. -RRB- and only read the biographical sections . These sections are the heart of the book . In my opinion , one gets more from the mouths of those who lived through it than one gets from Brokaw 's ineffective attempts to glorify a whole generation . In addition , I was bothered by the book 's very conservative tone . One of the most important effects of WWII was the ideas , art , and literature that came out of it . Brokaw gives no lip service to those who came out on the cutting edge of modern thought . Instead , he is intent to focus on the comparatively bland veterans who just say things like `` Kids these days dont have a sense of responsibility '' , `` It taught me how to focus '' , etc. . He should have thrown in a portrait of Vonnegut , or Heller , or someone like that .
 A credible and capable journalist as Brokaw is he should know better than to compare apples to oranges with his declaration that WWII was the ` greatest generation ' . NO ONE , even a knowledgeable man like Tom -LRB- sic sic -RRB- , can make a statement like that . Each generation in the world -LRB- and not just those individuals in the USA , Tom -RRB- has their own positives and negatives . As an X'er that served in the Army during the Gulf War , and now a capable employee working at a major telecommunications company in the private sector , I can assure you that today 's armed forces are more than equal to the task of a -LRB- God forbid -RRB- third world war . This book disappointed me a great deal . I went into it hoping I 'd get a window into this incredible period of time and the people involved . What I GOT was a lecture that reminded me of the tired old tales I 've heard a million different times from grouchy old men I 've met in my life . Building up or promoting one generation does n't mean you have to tear down another -LRB- or ALL the others ! -RRB- . Mr. Brokaw should know this as a journalist and should 've edited out the ` sour grapes ' comments from the men and women interviewed . The WWII generation was great , no question at all , but the greatest ? And the speculation that todays men and women could n't have done the same in the same time is laughable . It 's the same as saying that those men and women could n't have achieved the technological feats that the our generation has . There 's no way they could 've built the Internet or the Stealth Bomber from scratch -LRB- a common thread/boast in this book -RRB- , but I not arrogant enough to assume that they could n't have if the roles were reversed . It 's a shame this ` downspeak ' runs throughout the memoirs of this book . It taints otherwise heroic , inspiring , and note-worthy accomplishments . X'ers , do n't read this book without expecting some bullets shot in your direction . There 's enough for all of those to earn are own combat badges .
 Mr. brokaw could n't possibly imagine the conditions under which most young men were living when called upon to save their nation.Mr.Brokaw found mostly officers to interview , most of whom went into the service as officers , and later became politicians . Where are the uneducated , poverty stricken youths who went into the armed forces , fought and died for their country , and , those who survived , returned to their former lives little better off than before being drafted ? The author never mentioned the fact that machinery is always in place to keep our rich youths out of the service , making their service in our armed forces strictly voluntary ; and always as officers,most-repeat - , most of whom never heard a shot fired , the exception proving the rule
 Without a doubt , Tom Brokaw 's the `` Greatest Generation '' is a wonderful compilation of the stories of the men and women who fought in World War II and continued that fight into the social sphere . It does well to bring you a representative sample of the `` Greatest Generation , '' from the political elite to your next door neighbor who lives an ordinary life . It brings to life a generation that has so long taken a back seat to the attention-getters of the Baby Boomer generation . It deserves the recognition and Brokaw 's book does it justice . Yet was it the `` Greatest Generation '' ? I still do not know , but what is for certain is that this book will not tell you nor will it make a competent argument for it . Perhaps from that standpoint it is good for social discourse , a catalyst for much deeper thought on the subject . Unfortunately , historically it is tragic . One could not think of a more fallacious argument than to make a statement , and then justify it with 30 examples , however touching and inspiring they might be , and then conclude that that generation is better than any generation ever produced by any society merely from those examples . What of the Generation of the American Revolution ? Certainly they made sacrifices , certainly they had political and social contributions -LRB- I 'm writing this because of them -RRB- , and certainly they fought a `` tyranny '' of some kind . One could even argue that that tyranny was much closer to home and more threatening than the spread of fascism . Yet any sort of comparative analysis , which is necessary when claiming that anything is the greatest or best , never is made in Brokaw 's book . So read it for its memories , read it for it 's light shed on a generation so often left in umbrage , but do not read it if you are interested in an intelligent discussion of what makes a generation great , and why this one was so . After all , that would be really hard , and would n't sell as many books .
 The storys of triumph and achievement are incredible and we owe a debt of honor to those who lived them and lived in the day . However the writing reminds me of a series of news segments on the nightly news . I found the book hard to read and bought the audio version and that too was unfinishable . I get a certain arrogance from Brokaw that I personally find hard to stomach . Just my opinion , I could be my revulsion of the product they put on the airwaves nightly and call the news .
 This book is appallingly written , brazenly self-promoting and transparently biased to the left . It is full of cloying rhetorical questions -LRB- `` They never shared their lunch with a starving Japanese child , '' supposedly characterizing younger Congressional Republicans -- how would Brokaw know who they 'd shared lunch with , anyway ? -RRB- and laughable self-contradictions -LRB- in a book that purportedly applauds the old-fashioned values , he criticizes Dole for being out of touch with the younger generation 's self-absorption in his presidential campaign -RRB- . Whenever he can work it in , he slings it to the Republicans , those meanies who care about no one but themselves . Critical thinkers will find this book superficial and opportunistic .
 Mr. Brokaw could n't resist sprinkling - and at times launching - his political views throughout a book that was touted to be a tale of ` the greatest generation ' . Certainly , all who fought and died during World War II did so , in part , to protect Brokaw 's Constitutional right to express his beliefs freely , even in a book -LRB- supposedly -RRB- about them . I was around during those war years , and remember all to well the stars in the windows , including the gold one right next door for a Navy Grumman TBF radioman , who had been like a big brother to me . From my perspective , Brokaw showed bad manners and poor taste in soap-boxing his own pellucid biases , and thereby did a disservice to all - including the less privileged not featured in his book Of course it could be that good manners and good judgment are just two more values that are dying off as part of the ` the greatest generation ' . The one unadulterated aspect of the book is its ' title , `` The Greatest Generation '' - That is factual . -LRB- Anyone who wants to write a chronicle of history , particularly one covering the WW II era , should STUDY and use Doris Kearns Goodwin 's , `` No Ordinary Time '' as a primer . -RRB-
 It is rather disingenous for Tom Brokaw to suggest that he is addressing a neglected topic with his book . The men who fought in the Revolution , the Civil War , and WWII are already the most celebrated military heroes in American history.It is also disingenous to suggest that the soldiers who served in WWII were any better than those who fought in , say , the Civil War or WWI or Vietnam . Despite the gloss Brokaw puts on his account , war is an ugly , brutal , soul-destroying thing , not at all uplifting or romantic , except perhaps in terms of the camraderie among combat soldiers . All wars have their heroes and cowards , their brilliant victories and their demoralizing disasters.I once saw Tom Brokaw on a talkshow , promoting his book , and in response to a question from the host , he was forced to awkwardly and reluctantly suggest that the American GI in WWII was better than the American GI in Vietnam . He said this was due to `` bad training . `` Brokaw is obviously no military historian . I doubt that he could provide many specifics about those instances in WWII when badly-trained , badly-led U.S. units were mauled by veteran enemy troops -LRB- one thinks most readily of Kasserine Pass , New Guinea , and the behavior of certain American units at the beginning of the Battle of the Bulge -RRB- . I doubt also that Brokaw knows much about those instances in which well-trained , well-led U.S. units in Vietnam prevailed in the face of a tough and resolute foe like the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese -LRB- Ia Drang Valley , Operation Starlite , Howard 's Hill , Hue City , Bloody Ridge , etc. , etc. , etc. -RRB- . It is true that U.S. units in Vietnam became terribly demoralized and ineffective in the last years of the war , but that was less the result of some type of generational divide as it was to the political situation ; when the U.S. began pulling out of Vietnam , those troops still on the ground saw no reason to be the last man killed in a war that the country was unable to win . There were , one might note , also plenty of demoralized and ineffective units in a `` good war '' like WWII.Tom Brokaw simply does n't seem to realize that the average American GI has done a good job in all of our wars , from the Revolution to Somalia . That is not to say that those who won WWII do not deserve to be honored for their bravery and sacrifice -- they obviously do -- but it is to say that Brokaw should not by implication denigrate the bravery and sacrifice of men who fought in unpopular wars like Korea and Vietnam in order to celebrate his so-called Greatest Generation.It is true that this Greatest Generation was able to build an economy in this country in the post-war years that provided educational and career opportunities and a standard of living for its citizens that was unheard of in the history of the world . This Greatest Generation , however , was as unable as any other generation to mend the racial divide in America -LRB- one could argue that busing and affirmative action have only made the problem worse -RRB- , and it provided dismal political leadership in Korea and Vietnam . One might also mention McCarthyism , voter fraud by JFK , and , last but not least , Nixon and Watergate.Brokaw 's account is basically cheerleading , not history , and is so white-washed and sunny as to be unbearable . I 've always wondered if Brokaw would have written this book if SAVING PRIVATE RYAN had not sparked such a surge in WWII nostalgia .
 Colorless , poorly written collection of interviews with WWII vets held together by shaky thesis.The title refers of course to the Americans who fought WWII and prospered in post-war America . While taking nothing away from accomplishments , why are they the `` greatest generation ? '' No generation of Americans has ever failed to answer the call to arms and perform in less than spectacular fashion . Are the Americans who fought the Germans and Japanese somehow superior to those who fought in WWI or Vietnam , or the Civil War ? Did it take more courage to parachute into France than Vietnam?Let 's not forget that the WWII generation also returned home at a time of unprecedented growth and oppurtunity . Not so for vets of other wars , especially vets of WWI and Vietnam.I suggest that anyone interested in books of this type try `` Citizen Soldiers , '' or `` D-day , '' by Stephen Ambrose , or any one of the scores of far superior books offering accounts of WWII vets .
 Tom Brokaw had as much to do with the writing of this book as King James I had in the writing of the King James Bible . This book is a classic case of writing by committee . Though the positive achievements of the World War Two generation are undeniable , given that they had a major hand in the defeat of Italy , Germany and Japan , the less positive achievements of the `` Greatest Generation '' are not probed by Mr. Brokaw and company . The social welfare entitlements the `` Greatest Generation '' voted themselves have been a great burden to future generations as the current high tax burdens can attest . Any attempt to lessen the burden of entitlements is usually crushed by the unusually selfish `` Greatest Generation '' . I can remember one of the `` Greatest Generation '' , when informed by John Stoessel that he had put into Social Security three years worth of payments yet had received seventeen years worth of Social Security , ranting that he had earned it all and would n't put up with a reduction . This greedy , unfair little man is what the `` Greatest Generation '' is also about , too . The hubris of this devoutly government-oriented generation was best magnified by the travesty and tragedy of Vietnam . The thought at the time was that the US government could do anything and certainly could defeat a communist insurgency in a land almost no American had ever heard of . Fifty-eight thousand Americans and a million Vietnamese were sacrificed on this high altar of `` Greatest Generation '' hubris . And do n't forget that LBJ 's Great Society was part of the `` Greatest Generation '' 's hubris . It crashed much like the flaming Hindenberg and it 's dire results remain with us still . This is a very flawed book that is certain to make millions for Mr. Brokaw and sooth the feelings of America 's most overrated generation .
 While I know Brokaw is a newsman and journalist , too much of his linear style effects what are otherwise compelling stories of those who lived and fought for this country .
 I could n't even finish this book which says a lot because I hate not finishing what I 've started . It 's way to repetitive and one dimensional . The only part I really enjoyed of the book were the love stories . The rest were just the same thing over and over ... guy joins the army , comes home and becomes a lawyer , politician , something of that sort . I have the utmost respect for that generation , but this book was lacking feeling ...
 This book has received a lot of attention and is selling well -- but that 's a testament to the power of the marketing machine that 's been fired up behind it , not to the book itself . Search back articles from the Wall Street Journal if you want to read about how the marketing was done . You 'll learn very little from reading the book itself , though .
 This book is written in the same manner as the news is read on television , in little sound bites . There is not much `` meat '' in the brief stories included . Brokaw chose to include political correctness which made me wonder why he called it `` The Greatest Generation '' . He manages to tarnish that generation by judging historical events using today 's values . Overall I thought the book rather boring .
 I was very excited to read this book , because I am very interested in the subject matter and was eager to read the stories of `` regular '' Americans who were involved in the war effort . Unfortunately , the treatment is so shallow that I did n't really learn anything I had n't heard or read elsewhere . Brokaw 's treatment of the stories are so glossed over and so short that they really do n't convey a sense of what the people experienced . Particularly annoying was Brokaw 's `` insights '' about fighting the war and the discrimination in Amarica . He continually repeats himself by pointing out the obvious conclusions that the reader should already have realized . Brokaw seems to think that he is the only one to realize what a sacrifice ordinary Americans made during the War and feels it necessary to point this out over and over and over again . If you want to read about ordinary experiences in WWII that are not glossed over , read Ambrose 's D-Day or Citizen Soldiers .
 I had high hopes for this very worthwhile topic . Reads like Mr. Brokaw is presenting a report on the late news . I expected a more developed presentation .
 Americans reviewed EXTREMELY worthy -- Just that there was no depth -- more like a sound byte . And most of the stories came from American soldiers from the Midwest who were fighting in Europe . Hey , there were southerners , and there also was a PACIFIC War . Tom whom I adore and admire can do better than this !!
 Tom Brokaw has written a decent book applauding the WWII generation for their undeniable achievements , integrity , and character -LRB- although this has been going on literally non-stop practically since the day the Big War ended , despite the preposterous claim of one of Amazon 's reviewers that `` it 's about time '' this generation was appreciated -RRB- . But `` greatest generation ? '' Compared to whom ? Greater than the giants at the end of the 18th and beginning of the 19th century who fought for , defined , and created this country ? Greater than the Civil War generation that endured over 600,000 deaths in order to ensure that the nation would continue and that slavery would be ended ? Greater than the generation of Roosevelt , Eisenhower , Marshall , MacArthur , and Nimitz who led Brokaw 's `` greatest generation '' to victory in WWII?And as for the much-maligned Baby Boom generation
 I doubt that Mr. Brokaw will see this review.I bought the book but have not read it because I can not get past the title.I am 85 . I was a 20 year old , 128 # kid out of North Dakota when I joined the Air Corps , the United States Army Air Force in 1942 and after an excellent training I went over to the Mediterrean and flew 94 missions in three different airplanes . I was one of 17 that came back of the 45 that went over.I do NOT agree that we were `` The Greatest Generation '' . We were an `` Ordinary Generation '' faced with an `` Extraordinary Problem '' . Yes , we rose to it.But the implication I get from his title is that the present generation would not and I repudiate that . I think the present generation would do what we did and I think calling us `` The Greatest Generation '' insults all other generations . ---------- Maj. Charles E. Dills USAFResRetInvol . ------- I was a thoroughly broke orphan with little to no prospects.Using the GI BIll , I got an MS at the George Washington University and a Ph.D. in Physical Organic Chemistry from Harvard University . I got a home 43 years ago from the GIBill and we still live in it . I was well thanked . I dress up at least twice a year and attend local ceremonies to remember the 28 other kids that were not as lucky as I was . I give talks to whomever will listen giving the warts as well as the fun . I do n't remember their names but I will never forget what they did.I am not a hero . I am an average person that was caught in a certain niche of time . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 First person history is one of the better ideas to come out of the historical community in decades . Instead of the `` Big Movers '' picture , this movement looks into the actual `` little people '' who make up the bulk of those involved in history giving one an idea of life in such times ... However , this book does not live up to that ideal . Far from it , the short stories are just that , too short tales of hard times overcome and their participation in the War . Much is colored by Brokaw 's political bias -LRB- glowing descriptions of his progressive heroes , a large percentage of those portrayed -RRB- and poor history -LRB- the old saw about FDR saving the nation rather then his actual fault at causing most of the Depression 's problems ... -RRB- There are likely better books out there on the subject , take the time and look as this will likely disappoint anyone truly wanting to learn about these times and the people involved
 I am a veteran of WWII and was very disappointed in this book . It is totally devoid of emotion . Brokaw generates no real sympathy for his characters and the result is much like reading a dull history book filled with statistics . With the subject matter available he should have been able to bring many tears to the eyes of the reader . I suggest Brokaw read Flags of Our Fathers to discover what real writing is all about .
 As a World War Two buff , I was looking forward to this book . A strong case can be made that the men and women who grew up during the Depression and fought or helped with the war effort during World War 11 are The Greatest Generation in American History . The same point could be made for the European , Russian and Asian young adults of that era who not only fought in the war , but had to suffer the unimaginable horrors of invasion and occupation . So , the premise of the book is a good idea and I have no doubt about Tom Brokaw 's sincerity in writing it -LRB- with the help of a team of researchers . -RRB- Good intentions do n't yield good research , good thinking and good writing , however . The book lacks substance , and depth . Be prepared to wade through chapter after chapter of Readers Digest-like writing that gushes with sappy salutes and honey-dipped hyperbole . This is n't meant to at all demean the courage or accomplishments of the men and women who are the subjects of `` The Greatest Generation . '' It 's just that the book would have been much better had more effort been put into the depth and detail of their stories , and less effort into Flag-waving rhetoric .
 I looked forward with great anticipation to read this book . What I read instead was very disappointing , particularly from an author who has been a `` talking head '' in living rooms on NBC News for so many years . Indeed , the generation of which Brokaw wrote is great ; `` the greatest '' perhaps . But I expected from the title a lot more than a loosely assembled annotation of a handful of people 's lives . Some of those chosen were interesting , others were facinating , but WHY did Brokaw select the ones he did and not others ??? Two issues annoyed me to no end , however . First , was the repetitious nature of the point Brokaw tried to make . After a few `` biographies '' it was easy to figure out that these people sacrificed and succeeded ! I did n't need two dozen more to get the message ! Second , military awards are NOT `` won '' !!! It is NOT a contest with the Medal of Honor , for example , being `` the prize '' for first place ! I have a couple of Silver Stars and as many Purple Hearts which were AWARDED for actions . Believe me , I never would have entered `` the race '' if those were `` the prizes '' for `` winning '' . Please report the facts correctly Mr. Brokaw , using the correct vocabulary !
 So Tom Brokaw , Famous Television Celebrity , decided to write a book in praise of his parents and parents-in-law but decided to throw in dribs and drabs of other stuff as filler . The tragedy is that some of the subjects of his meandering and shallow skim through the WWII generation are probably worthy of an in-depth study by a fine writer -- which Brokaw shows no indication of being.There were several times I cried out in anguished frustration at the trite and wooden phrases which Brokaw scatters throughout the book . What drove me even crazier -LRB- thank you , Harry Shearer -RRB- was imagining Brokaw saying them aloud with his slurred `` L `` s and salting in `` Tonight ... '' after every fifth word . An egegious example of lameness from the book , page 27-28
 `` The Greatest Generation '' has an admirable goal , but falls short due to the author 's heavy-handed attempts to hammer his point in.Tom Brokaw correctly recognizes the World War II era generation as one deserving of our gratitude and praise , and his approach to this subject is commendable . Brokaw provides portraits of the war 's various participants ranging from minorities , women factory workers , the famous and the ordinary . However , Brokaw just ca n't let his subjects speak for themselves . He interrupts each narrative to make sure the reader understands why this is the greatest generation . If you are interested in a narrative history of World War II with no opinions clumsily inserted , I highly recommend Studs Terkel 's `` The Good War . '' Terkel demonstrates the incredible sacrifice and dedication of the WWII generation by picking a gamut of participants and lets their stories convince us that this was indeed a generation of heroes .
 Mr. Brokaw tells the story of forty-seven men and women who grew up during the depression of the 1930 's , answered their country 's call to war during the early 1940 's and then used their post-depression , post-war drive and ambition to build a booming economy in the United States . Based on the personal sacrifices and successes of these forty-seven people , Mr. Brokaw concludes the whole generation of the 1930 's and 1940 's sacrificed and accomplished more in terms of victory at war and economic prosperity than any previous or current generation . Mr. Brokaw 's single-minded and unrestricted praise for the `` greatest generation '' created a growing resentment as I read the book . He ignores the scoundrels infesting the `` greatest generation '' as well as the sacrifices and accomplishments of previous and subsequent generations . Studs Terkel , in his book `` The Good War , '' presents a far more balanced insight in the 1930 's / 1940 's generation . Mr. Terkel identifies and talked to the heros as well as the scoundrels and slime balls who saw World War II as a money making machine and an opportunity for a continuous party away from the responsibility of home . Remember the English concept of the `` greatest generation '' was over-paid , over-sexed and over-here . As biographical `` snipets '' , the stories told by Mr. Brokaw were interesting . As for his thesis putting forward this group as the `` greatest generation '' , it is narrow and short sighted . Ask the generations who had to fight the Cival War , WWI , Korea and Vietnam about sacrifice .
 A little bit of fluff . Superficial . Shallow
 Redunencies throughout , scant attention to fact , e.g. , no mention that WAAC -LRB- Women 's Auxilliary Army Corps -RRB- preceded WAC ; no mention of Colonel Oveta Culp Hobby , the first commander . And was the woman mentioned Wonda or Wanda ? I left my copy elsewhere , hence I ca n't pinpoint chapter .
 Rarely have I been so put-off by a book . I take nothing away from the experience and hardhships of the generation of Americans who suffered the depression and WWII . That surely is a 5-Star story and my parents lived it . But this book is not that story . Instead I find cliche 's and stereotypes . For sure , the last 50 years of American history has been one of accomplishment and success . But it is easy to forget that this was largely because the rest of the industrial world was in rubble after the War , and America had a special opportunity to excel and grow . - - I feel alarm bells when any group of people are described as special or superior . This type of thinking has resulted in too much suffering in our world . I suspect the reality is that Brokaw is laying the groundwork for a political career . Is ` The Greatest Generation ' the modern ` Profiles in Courage ? . '
 Unfortunately , I decided to start reading first the Famous People section and The Arena section . Mr. Brokaw can barely speak kindly of Republicans ! George Bush is described as someone who is inarticulate about his war experiences . Much more was written about Chesterfield Smith who started the independent counsel to investigate Nixon . Of course now , the independent counsel `` has created a incentive for zealortry . '' Mark Hatfield is spoken of glowingly , but it is clear at the end of his story it was because he is not part of the `` newer Republican senators , with their strict conservative dogmas . '' Bob Dole is depicted as someone rather harsh , but since he is quoted with a joke against Nixon , he gets good coverage . Caspar Weinberger is linked with Iran-contra , but the country was `` already anticpating the arrival of a new , young president , Bill Clinton . '' Liberals are intellectuals , and the segration and the hatred for African Americans in the South is depicted as a religious conservative way , not the entire South 's way . He could only quote hatred from an Espicopalian minister 's wife . Nothing bad about Kennedy or Johnson years , only Nixon , Reagan , and Bush years . This book should come with a warning label , that although the media is supposed to give us unbiased reporting , Mr. Brokaw 's bias against anyone who thinks other than liberal Democrat is to be ridiculed or vilified . I 'm very disappointed .
 Mr. Brokaw minimizes every other generation of people in this century and thousands before ... I am a lover of history and consider myself well read in many areas of world and US history . There have been many great generations of people and many great people who have led generations . Fighting a war is nothing new in this world . Thousands upon thousands before this generation have suffered in wars ; it is only now , because of our vast system of media , that we have first-hand accounts of war and of communities ravaged by war . Every generation has its ' burdens , peculiarities , and identities . I am a baby boomer . . born post-war . . and I grew up in a lower middle class home , had to work after school and on weekends , never owned a car till I was in my thirties , earned my way through college and graduate school , paid back every loan with high interest rates , have struggled to make a living and deal daily with the myriad of stresses that cloud everyday life . My father was in the Navy in WWII in the Pacific arena and I knew about the war , its ' atrocities and the horror long before ` Saving Private Ryan ' , Steven Ambrose and Mr. Brokaw hit the scene . I have all the compassion in the world for the men who fought in that war and every other one , but if Mr. Brokaw and others think that my generation has n't faced death , despair , fear , illness and poverty , he and they are not truly connected to the world in which they live now . I suspect in another 20 years , some wealthy boomer will write a similar book ...
 Here is a book that was hailed as a best seller before it was even released . One that was fed to the public by one of America 's leading talking heads , Tom Brokaw . My grandfather was at Normandy and later helped liberate several concentration camps throughout Germany . What these experiences cost him , was ultimately his life . He rarely smiled after witnessing the horrific brutality , and inhumanity that was set loose on the world in WWII and after . This book is an attempt to rewrite , an already severely inaccurate history of this period of time . Brokaw tries to take the attention from the mass slaughter that was perpetrated by BOTH sides , and instead focus on the heartwarming yet tragic human interest stories so common to todays evening news . Living through the `` greatest generation '' , killed my grandfather 's spirit , along with millions of others like him , who instead saw in it a living hell , and a disgrace to humanity .
 What is so special about this book ? I am a baby boomer that has always respected the sacrifices that the WWII generation had to endure both oversees and at home . Do I need Tom Brokaw to reinforce this ? Please ! I stopped about half way through ; to me it was 200 pages of senior citizen complaints about the younger generations .
 and now that I 've read it I still think so . He 's preachy and full of himself . Stick with Ambrose for the real thing .
 The stories of the people depicted in the book are interesting . Ranging from really interesting to somewhat interesting . These were people that made a difference and deserve our respect . However the book is poorly put together . It seems as if I am watching a TV show on paper . A poor end result . Would not recommend .
 Tom Brokaw knows better than his `` admiring '' comments about U.S veterans . he is giving too much credit to American WWII veterans . Other than raising his `` good old american image '' , I see no point in praising a nation that only profitted from WWII . Brokaw should spend his time on other journalistic adventures , and stop being a hedonist .
 It amazes me that this book remained atop the best seller list for so long . There was absolutely nothing in this book which has not been covered , in a far more descriptive style , by a host of authors . This book did not have another authors help , and by god it needed it !
 I have always found it insulting when the `` WWII generation '' is referred to as the `` greatest generation '' when in fact thay were nothing more than ordinary men and women that went through difficult times and rose to the occasion . That 's it . How are they any different than the countless Americans who have done exactly the same thing throughout American history?Anyone who thinks that any other American generation would n't have or could n't have risen to the same challenges is too stupid to understand the real meaning of the American Spirit . Brokaw is just one of these stupid morons who could n't possibly begin to understand this truth about Americans.For those of you that lived through those times , good for you , you did a fine job for yourselves . You basically ran the economy into the ground , you spread socialism throughout the economy and gave govt . control over our lives , then you handed the Soviets eastern Europe and handed China over to the communists , and locked up innocent Americans into concentration camps just because they were Japanese-Americans or Italian-Americans . You must be very proud of yourselves.You elected Roosevelt to four terms even though the guy flooded the govt . with communists , wrecked the economy with socialistic programs , and kept information about the impending attack on Pearl Harbor away from the commanders at Pearl Harbor thus leading to the unnecessary deaths of thousands of American soldiers and sailors . Then , Roosevelt orders the incarceration of thousands of Americans simply because of their ancestry !! This is an outrage for which Roosevelt and his fans have never apologized . ... But it does n't end there . Now , you are the same people who have strangled social security and have squeezed every cent out of it refusing to allow a restructuring of it so that it can be saved for future generations . Quite a legacy you leave behind.Yeah , quite a generation . Because of you and your `` great generation '' we have to deal with 50 years of a Cold War debt and greater govt . control of our lives . Thanks , but no thanks.You want to see great Americans ? Take a look at our Founding Fathers who gave everything they had to establish this nation . Or , take a look at the Fireman who went into the World Trade Towers knowing is was a suicide mission . Being an American is not about a generation but rather it 's an ideal , a spirit , a dream , and a way of life . Any American who possesses those virtues is part of the `` Greatest Generation . '' And those virtues are not relegated to some short time period in American history . They are timeless.This is what Brokaw and others of this myth fail to understand .
 Although the subject matter is excellent , as are the stories , the editing is very poor . Editing in such a way as the tape ends in the middle of a story is uncalled for in this day and age.Brokaw needs to understand words beginning with an x are sounded as if starting with a z. Thus , Xavier University is pronounced as `` Zavier '' and not `` Exavier . '' For a professional , this is simply unacceptable .
 I can not say that I have ever exprenced war . Yet what we as a younger generation have faced is very clearly a far cry from peace . This terrorisom against us as a country makes us just as good as those that contributed to the war efforts of WWII . I am taken aback as Brokaw decided that in his godly manor that his father , and his fathers friends were the numro uno . Every generation has its fair share of heros it is horrible to pinpoint one generation to this and cover up what really needed to be said , that we lost thousands of men and women to a cause that needed to be fought . But recent events change the outlook of WWII , September 11 has shown the world that we as a country not a generation are the greatest , WE as a country not singled out retired folks who did do a great job , but in the book it failed to show the real deal it glossed over too much .
 This book is sooo one-sided ! Brokaw is just trying to cash in on that generation 's need to pat itself on the back for a job NOT well done . This book should have also told of the people -LRB- most of them -RRB- who made this country a living HELL for Blacks , Gays , Immigrants , Jews , etc. . Mr. Brokaw forgets that Blacks went war and died for this country at a time when this country thought of them as less than human , and in no way were they treated like humans . Yet they fought and died for an American dream they were n't even a part of . Think about that for a moment . I am appalled at Brokaw 's one-sided view of the WWII Generation . These people were bigots , racists , mysogenists , homophobes , they were narrow-minded , and religious fanatics/zealots ! If these people were the greatest generation , we can all just give up now ! He says in this book that they did not question anything , that it was a matter of loyalty to their country . Well to this I say , its because they were such a brainwashed , non-thinking generation , that they did whatever they were told just like a bunch of sheep being led to slaughter . They looked-down on individualism , and civil rights for ALL Americans . One reader stated that Brokaw is writing about a time when America was united . My response to that is , TOO BAD THEY WERE UNITED IN HATRED , and RELIGIOUS FANATICISM ! Thank God their time is up and the racism and bigotry that they cherished so is now dying . May NO generation mimick the behavior of this horrible generation .
 The copy recieved was not as described . I was expecting a clean used copy and I recieved a copy that was used as a text book and had yellow & green highlighter and hand written notes in the margins . I could not give it as a gift .
 AP story below : Brokaw Backs American Flag Ban `` NBC Nightly News '' anchorman Tom Brokaw , who 's made a bundle off patriotic Americans who flocked to buy his World War II book , `` The Greatest Generation , '' said Monday that he does n't like it when journalists wear American flag pins and ribbons on TV . `` I do n't think a journalist ought to be wearing a flag , because it does seem to be , to me at least , a sign of solidarity toward whatever the government is doing , and that is not our role , '' he told Northwestern 's Medill School of Journalism.According to Northwestern 's school newspaper , Brokaw explained , `` I 'm a patriot , and I think being a patriot means -LSB- to -RSB- love your country but think you can always improve it . And part of my role as a journalist is to ask questions and to examine the issues that will lead to some improvement of the country . `` Two weeks ago , Brokaw 's NBC News colleague Tim Russert wore a flag pin during a widely seen interview with Vice President Dick Cheney . `` I may be a journalist , but I 'm an American first , '' Russert said afterwards.Brokaw gave a thumbs-up to the flag ban when he was asked about reports that ABC News prohibits its on-air reporters from wearing flag paraphernalia , according to USA Today .
 It 's very ironic that the supposed greatest generation were not able to instill their sterling qualities in their own children - the much maligned baby boomers . This failure seems to expose a serious deficiency of parenting and mentoring skills .
 Big disappointment . I saw Brokaw on the talk shows and had high hopes for The Greatest Generation . But the author 's dry , uninspired writing style made reading more chore than pleasure . I soon found myself skimming . I can recall only a few of the chapters . As a more readable subsitute , I recommend the similar book by Studs Turkel called , I think , The Good War . It was told in the words of the subjects themselves .
 The Greatest Generation they might well have been . The stories are compelling and diverse , However , Mr Brokaw 's writing style is an abomination , His prose is dry . He does not trust the reader to be able to draw the significance or irony of the events descibed , rather he is compelled to tell the reader
 The Greatest Generation is pretty good , considering . I mean what can one really expect by way of literature from over paid , telegenic , media stars ? I enjoyed the references to Howard Stern . Too bad Brokaw did n't give Stern his own chapter . The book reminded me of Getting To Howard
 Tom Brokaw 's book is an evaluation of those he interviewed , much like the news he reports each night - detailed and personal . For those Marines who want a look at the same information , but just about the enlisted man of the Corps during that period , a comparable book is `` Gyrene '' written by Wilbur Jones , and published by White Mane Press .
 One short story follows another . The names change , the style -LRB- or lack of it -RRB- , message and conclusions are all about the same . I can not imagine how the author selected the subjects . A poor attempt to imitate the style and brilliance of Stephen Ambrose .
 I listened to Imus for two weeks , and had to have this book . The I-Man should stick to politics and sports ; book reviews are not his strength . I really liked the concept , and could n't wait to read the book , particularly after having seen recent video interviews of WW II veterans , and Saving Private Ryan . About 25 % into it , I had to take a break . There is nothing exciting or revealing here - just the very basic facts , folks - and that does n't make for five stars . It really is too bad , because the premise was good , that is , telling the stories of the greatest generation . But it 's all surface ; there 's no depth , and , therefore , no interest in the people whose stories are being told . Sorry Tom .
 As a student of World War Two , and the son and nephew of servicemen in that conflict , I eagerly awaited this book.What I got was the same shallow , one-dimensional and incomplete story that Brokaw -LRB- and the others -RRB- present day after day on the News.In his book , Brokaw focuses unfairly on only a small segment of this wonderful generation -- those that have made it big financially and by reputation.I quickly found the book to contain a rather elitist cast that did not resonate with me.And , as is the style these days , Brokaw focused only on `` Ike 's Boys '' which is the same complaint I have with Stephen Ambrose : that many Americans volunteered for the military and were drafted during the Depression to ease the pain of family hardships , and wound up suffering and dying in places like Pearl Harbor , Bataan , Corregidor and Iwo Jima . Why did he choose to ignore these brave and selfless young Americans ? They endured even more ghastly torment!Also , if you look at the demographics , many people came from cities like New York , Philadelphia , Los Angeles and San Francisco -- yet the author chose to ignore the sacrifice these people made as well.I found the chapter heading narratives to be very superficial and almost repetitious.There are much better writers like Toland , Manchester , Weinstein or Halberstam who would do justice to the topic.I am sorry to say that this book does not do justice to what indeed has been `` The Greatest Generation . ''
 Just in time , you might say , Tom Brokaw has produced the perfect bathroom reader for the older generation . A collection of short takes on individual lives that started out in WWII and went well from there , one can sit and read until drowned in sugar . The message is clear
 Tom Brokaw -LRB- and a squadron of ` helpers ' -RRB- produced a bombastic , windy book that is a disservice to the superb stories that he is trying to tell.The book is at its best when Brokaw lets the individuals tell their own stories , with a minimum of his commentary intruding . The peoples ' stories are poignant , vivid , and worth reading.The problem is , you have to wade through Brokaw 's creaking prose to get to the good stuff . Hackneyed phrases loaded with superfluous adjectives may sound OK when read in Tom 's distinctive voice - but they do not read well.So - kudos to Tom on getting people to tell the stories . Rotten job of trying to package them .
 For gripping stories of WWII , read `` D-Day , '' by Stephen Ambrose . These `` up close and personal '' stories grew monotonous . Most significantly , Brokaw gave short shrift to the sins of this `` greatest '' of generations . While I appreciated the discussion of our nation 's treatment of Japanese-Americans during the war , full treatment of this generation 's rampant racism , sexism and post-WWII national arrogance was missing .
 Tom Brokaw 's left wing views and hero worship of high level Democrats is as obvious here as they are on the NBC news . Full of promise ? Yes . Dull ? Yes . Much thought for the ` common man ' that fought WWII ? No . If you were not a politician , a bigwig of some kind , or from South Dakota , forget it . My father was a WWII veteran and a POW . He came back to work a regular job and raise a regular family . Neither him nor his `` twin ' showed up here . If the talking head had really done some true research instead of glorifying all of his buddies , it could have been an very good book . The only point he made , to ad nauseum , was that it was a generation of hard-working , religious , and family-oriented people . His atttempt to try to judge their actions by todays overly politically correct standards did all of them a real disservice . We did not have Butterball Kennedy to tell them how to act back them . If he asked any of them what they thought of his buddy Slick Willie , he sure did not let us in on their answers . One can only wonder why . After all , what would you expect those common folk to think of a draft dodging , womanizing , pathological liar . Brokaw 's next book should be `` the Greatest American ever '' about his boy Clinton . No , really he needs to go back to being a talking head and stay there .
 ` the greatest generation ' ? well , one might agree , if one discounts the segregation , racism , sexual repression , disrespect of women , narrow-mindedness , anti-communist hysteria , and all the negatives of which the farmboy beltway elitist slick newsreading frontman of General Electric 's flagship was all too aware before his ghostwriter put finger to word processor.mr . brokaw 's apologies , and the copublication of a LARGE PRINT version for the elderly make nbc 's cynical and commercial intentions all too clear . not since a ghostwriter penned jessica savitch 's ` newswoman ' has a more cynical tome been unleashed by the nbc newsguards.mr brokaw is most obviously cashing in on the success of spielberg 's `` private ryan '' ... the fact that he has no military service record and as nbc 's chief newsreader made no protest of president reagan 's tribute at bitburg make his intentions all too clear.besides , the five hundred pages of this book are a long rehash of the same story , similar to dan rather 's writer penning an op-ed in the times under gunga dan 's byline.does anyone believe this man actually researched and wrote this book?this is a scandal ! and a boring one to boot ! this is one of the saddest successes of the millennial festival.perhaps it would have made a yawnable one page readers digest story.additionally ... one would caution buyers of the audioversion of this book , since the author can not pronounce his `` l 's '' or `` r 's .
 ` the greatest generation ' ? well , one might agree , if one discounts the segregation , racism , sexual repression , disrespect of women , narrow-mindedness , anti-communist hysteria , and all the negatives of which the farmboy beltway elitist slick newsreading frontman of General Electric 's flagship was all too aware before his ghostwriter put finger to word processor.mr . brokaw 's apologies , and the copublication of a LARGE PRINT version for the elderly make nbc 's cynical and commercial intentions all too clear . not since a ghostwriter penned jessica savitch 's ` newswoman ' has a more cynical tome been unleashed by the nbc newsguards.mr brokaw is most obviously cashing in on the success of spielberg 's `` private ryan '' ... the fact that he has no military service record and as nbc 's chief newsreader made no protest of president reagan 's tribute at bitburg make his intentions all too clear.besides , the five hundred pages of this book are a long rehash of the same story , similar to dan rather 's writer penning an op-ed in the times under gunga dan 's byline.does anyone believe this man actually researched and wrote this book?this is a scandal ! and a boring one to boot ! this is one of the saddest successes of the millennial festival.perhaps it would have made a yawnable one page readers digest story.additionally ... one would caution buyers of the audioversion of this book , since the author can not pronounce his `` l 's '' or `` r 's .
 Brokaw 's thesis is that a generation tested by -LRB- a -RRB- the Depression , and -LRB- b -RRB- WWII , rose to the challenge and deserves our respect and admiration . This may be true , but Brokaw does not prove it . His book lacks the kind of rich specificity which would be convincing . For the various people he interviews , he gives us very little on how they survived the Depression . And as the book advances , we get less and less of the particulars of how the subjects experienced the war . The problem may be that there are too many subjects , or interviewees , to be handled with the thoroughness or depth that is finally convincing . At the end , we are left only with the warm feeling that they have survived , and we can all be grateful for that , but not with a sense that we have come finally to know them , especially in their past , and how that past has shaped them , which is , after all , the point of the book .
 ... from a media master . It should surprise no one that Brokaw venerates the generation that came of age during WWII . Holywood and all the good guys have been beating this drum for decades , now.As has been said by another reviewer , Mr. Brokaw interjects too much of himself in his stealth attack on every other American generation.The reader should remember that the WWII generation gave us Korea , Viet Nam , and made a haven for international communism by building up the Soviet Union and turning over to them all of Eastern Europe.Brokaw 's `` Greatest Generation '' also ushered in the decline of American liberties for the present peculiar brand of socialism that today is the law of the land `` across the fruited plain . `` Having returned conquering heroes , Brokaw 's fondly remembered generation would later turn their backs on another generation of veterans whose GI Bill was only a dim shadow of the GI Bill made available to those who served during WWII . Brokaw 's good guys would even deny Viet Nam veterans membership access to the VFW until 1973 , after more than 40,000 had died in Viet Nam.America 's Greatest Generation ? You left a few things out , Tom . But , hey , is n't that what American journalism is all about ? Oscar Wilde , a man I do n't care to quote often , once said , `` Art with a purpose is propaganda ... '' Yes , Oscar , it certainly is .
 I picked up this book intending to like it . `` Saving Private Ryen '' had predisposed me to a certain nostalga for the WWII generation , as had Dole 's 1996 candidacy . Disappointment followed . The title , on reflection , is hyperbolic
 Brokaw , one of the New Left Elite of the Baby Boomer generation that did its level best , when its own `` call to arms '' came , to avoid any variety of military service , now finds it convenient to wrap himself in the glory of a very different generation , which never paused to count the cost to itself of service to its country.In a very few pages after the opening , Brokaw takes his first opportunity to deliver his first cheap shots at today 's Republican Party ; he does n't miss a single chance thereafter.A paradox
 I found the experiences of these people somewhat interesting but not enough to feel that it is a best seller . I was born in Britain and was there until my early twenties , and after reading the short stories of those people I felt as though my story could have been included but never ever thought that it was that interesting for it to be published . I lived through the `` Blitz '' and had acquaintances killed and bombed out of their homes . When I spoke of these experiences with my five children as they grew up , I could tell by their reactions that it was not one to dwell on . The book I found to be not that interesting . There are probably Tens of Thousands of stories like these , maybe more interesting than in the Greatest Generation .
 Brokenjaw 's book is conformity galore ; From the collection that starts with a synopsis of quaint but media fed worldviews , to a tour through his version of europe ; no analysis is offered but simply cliche after cliche ... It is sad that television station do n't run polls to see who should be removed as anchor ... Brokenjaw ia typically useless and a complete and utter tool of the right ... no mention is made of the causes of the war ... nothing is said about why a generation that had the mental roadblocks to actually launch a global conflict is great !!!!!!! The inequality that was engendered by the fungible effects of political inequality prosthelatized the rational ubberrmenchae into a death dealth suicide spreee ... Why did hitler pick to do what he did ? ... Why was he not assassinated ? ... why were bombs not bropped off the japanese coast to demonstrably portray the punishment for non surrender ? ... is the thrill to win/ego more important than the thrill to live comfortably ? ... intelligence is not within this tome ...
 I am quite disturbed by the absolute ignorance of the american reviewers of this book . They honestly believe America was solely responsible for the allies winning of the war . This book is extremely complacent , and with its remarkable bias , does not qualify as history . As the last reviewer said , American 's obviously think they are better than everybody else . That was the reason why Germany started the war in the first place .
 Brokaw delves into the world of what he calls the `` Greatest Generation '' , whom were a group of people that watched Hitler 's reign of terror on the world , until the United States was Forced into war . Brokaw 's so called `` greatest generation '' ARE STILL racist , uncultured and ignorant to world issues . I 'd rather read the back of a shampoo bottle than this lie . If you want to know about great generations , skip Brokaw 's maligned view and head straight for `` on the road '' or `` electric cool aid acid test '' .
 Thank You Brokaw 's generation for winning the war that should have been won -LRB- though without the A-bomb -RRB- , and then sending us into Korea , and Vietnam , and Iraq , and Iraq again -LRB- and still -RRB- and Afghanistan -LRB- not a war of necessity , please read more than the mainstream media -RRB- just to name a few . You insult us all , even you own generation .
 While the subject matter was of great importance , its treatment in quite a number of places was rather shallow . And a horrendous error in the chapter about the Japanese Americans is inexcusable . Whether the author does n't know that the Nikkei -LRB- their spelling -RRB- is a stock exchange in Tokyo or his proofreaders did n't know that or whether they just did n't pay attention , or they just did n't care , is what makes it inexcusable . Then when they did try to correct it to Nisei later in the chapter , they still misspelled it . Do they know the term at all ! Some readers may be able to accept such errors , but I 'm not that tolerant . I 'm not of Japanese descent but I consider that carelessness -LRB- or lack of knowledge , which is worse -RRB- rather insulting . Those incidents were overall detractors from what could have been a great story . -LRB- Okay , so the author did make a pile of money off it ! That only means that thousands of copies were sold , not that it was a great book . -RRB- My copy was a gift .
 During WWII , the Serbian allies of Gen. Mihailovich 's Chetniks rescued over 500 American airmen downed over occupied Yugoslavia , the single largest rescue of American troops from behind enemy lines in our nation 's history . Gen. Mihailovich received the Legion of Merit Award for this rescue . The award was recommended by Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower and approved by an Act of Congress on July 20 , 1942 , -LRB- sec . III , Bul . 40 WD , 1942 -RRB- and Executive Order 9260 , 29 October , 1942 -LRB- sec . I , Bul . 54 , WD , 1942 -RRB- . It was presented posthumously to Mihailovich by President Harry S. Truman on March 29 , 1948 . The State Department kept that award secret for over 20 years and to this very day they still maintain possession of the medal refusing to pass it on to Mihailovich 's heirs . Hundreds of Serbs lost their lives to save these American troops , one of those downed airmen was Maj. Richard L. Felman , a Jew from Tucson Arizona who told this writer , `` How can we expect the government to level with the American '' ~ people about the MIAs in Vietnam when they are still covering up the truth about the MIAs in WWII ? '' Serbs the recognition they deserve . Hundreds of Serbs gave their lives saving these American airmen . Major . Felmen told me of his own rescue in which an entire village of some 200 Serbian women and children were killed because they refused to reveal his hiding place with Mihailovic 's Chetnik forces . He watched with binoculars from the opposite hill as German troops slaughtered these Serbian victims . He begged Mihailovich to give him up to the Germans but Mihailovich refused saying , `` You are too '' ~ important to the forces of peace and freedom . '' '' ~ It is quite clear that he believes the name `` Serb '' is synonymous with the word `` Jap '' in WWII . What an ugly testament to those who fought and died for freedom .
 Tom Brokaw should stick to news reading for his analytical skills are on par with a moron . This book fawns over the WWII generation . Sure there were some achievements . So what , every generation has challenges some may be tougher then others but it is all relative . As another reviewer noted , the WWII generation is the greatest compared to whom ? How about comparing to the exponentially greater generation that had to manage though the American Revolution and a new constitutional government ? Of course there are many other examples . The American WWII generation are no more great then any other . They are being well compensated for their sacrifices in the form of free money courtesy of the working person . We workers are forced to pay insane amounts into the ponzi schemes called Social Security and Medicare for which we will never see a dime or a minute of service . Talk about reform and they all cry foul . This is not the response I would expect from `` the greatest generation . '' Stick to being a news personality Tom .
 MR. BROKAW REPRESENTS AN ELIST POINT OF VIEW , PORTRAYING THE FACT THAT CHICANOS PLAYED ALMOST NO ROLE IN THIS GENERATION . THAT CHICANOS DID NOT DIE IN GREAT NUMBERS DURING WORLD WAR II AND EARNED THE MOST CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL OF HONORS , THAT CHICANOS LEADETRS LIKE CEASAR CHAVEZ PLAYED NO ROLE IN LABOR RELATIONS OR THE GREAT UPRAISING OF CHICANO CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT AND THE ANTI-WAR DEMONSTRATION PLAYED NO PART IN THE HISTORY OF THE SOUTHWEST OR THAT CIVIL RIGHT VIOLATION LIKE THE ZOOT SUIT RIOTS OR SLEEPY LAGON CASE WAS INSIGNIFICANT .
 I had hoped for a well-written and well-researched book about my parents ' generation , and was disappointed that this book is neither . It appears to have been written by committee , as if a classroom of young journalism students -LRB- hmmm -RRB- were asked to write a 3-5 page essay about their parents ' or grandparents ' trials and tribulations in the Great Depression or in WWII . Were these stories then roughly stitched together by someones staff -LRB- hmmm -RRB- and sent on to a willing publisher who felt the name & face recognition of a network anchorman would sell almost anything -LRB- hmmm -RRB- ... , voila , you would have a book ! But it would n't be a very good book .
 Tom Brokaw is not a gifted writer . He wrote this book in the same dry and simple style as he uses with his TV audience . The book is completely stripped of romance and soul for the sake of the lowest common denominator . I have met many WW2 veterans who tell stories woven with romance and heartbreak that bring tears to your eyes . This is not represented in any of the 4 page biographies of these common place heroes . Pure non-fiction at its most uninspiring .
 Being a WWII buff , when I heard about this book I could n't wait to get my hands on it . However , shortly after reading the first few stories , I was deeply disappointed . I have utterly lost all respect for Mr. Brocaw 's journalistic ability . The book is simplistic -LRB- written at about an 8th grade level -RRB- , repetitive and boring . It feels more like an article from People Magazine than any sort of historical record or work of literature . Devoid of facts and details , it contains very little of anything else.The generation he is writing about deserves a better tribute than this . I suppose it is to be expected that a member of the info-tainment industry would write something with such little substance . I used to be a loyal viewer of NBC News , I think I 'll switch that loyalty to Jim Lehrer and PBS .
 This book has about as much depth as a 30 second news story on the six o'clock news with even less fact . Obviously written to sell , not to illuminate the people it pretends to reveal . Come on , is this all that can be said about `` The Greatest Generation '' ? Any PBS program dealing with WWII is infinitely superior and informative .
 The day I bought this book I could n't wait to start reading it . But I soon realized it was just another Politically correct book from one of TV 's talking heads . Almost every life story in the book was about how they made it through the war and into the Democratic party to make the world a better place , with a few token stories about some other people who happened to be republicans and thus thier stories were glossed over . My question is , What does politics have to do with these storise ? A disappointing book over all .
 While most people described in this book are certainly interesting , many are regular people -LRB- like me -RRB- with fine achievements but with no particular attractiveness to warrant inclusion in a `` greatest '' list . I keep waiting to see what many of these `` greatest '' people did , , , and wonder why my parents , of the same generation and with a better story -LRB- at least in my opinion -RRB- , were n't included ! Short , basic bios . Its a fair night stand book ... for those who fall asleep easily .
 This book does an admirable job of describing the great accomplishments of the WW2 generation . Many people with little preparation became heroes or millionaires . But to call them the ` Greatest Generation ' totally misses the point on what it takes to make one great . It is n't just great accomplishments , it 's having great values - and passing these on to your children so that when you 're gone the world is a better place . Look at the children neglected while their mothers work . Look at the skyrocketing national debt . Look at the social security debacle . The ` Greatest Generation ' passed all these on to us to solve.Look around Tom ... they were a major failure .
 Sentimental , shallow book about WWII vets . I agree with his assessment of the generation , however . Read Stephen Ambrose if you want good WWII books . This book is only selling because the author is a celebrity . Duh .
 Just in time , you might say , Tom Brokaw has produced the perfect bathroom reader for the older generation . A collection of short takes on individual lives that started out in WWII and went well from there , one can sit and read until drowned in sugar . The message is clear
 Brokaw 's limited journalism experience is evident , as is an obviously liberal bias . My parents both fought in WWII and survived . My mother was the first woman to fly 100 combat missions in U.S. history . A feat I did not learn of until I was a college student and discovered her citation and Air Medal . She described working in the Nursing ward at Mitchell Field in New York , New York and crying at seeing all the returning young soldiers with missing limbs , shattered souls and broken bodies . I do n't think Lloyd Cutler 's being drafted into the Army in 1944 and then using his Ivy League influence to avoid overseas assignment to D-Day was worthy of inclusion . Particularly since the young man who took his place was killed three days after the landing . While he and others mistakenly described themselves as `` special '' , I find his biography shameful . Brokaw paints him as a man among giants and a leader of this Greatest Generation . He was an `` insider '' with access to power . But he was n't a leader of the Greatest Generation . He only benefited from the sacrifices of it . Oh , and I forgot to point out . Brokaw takes every opportunity to ridicule the Republican Party , Conservatism and Faith . A worthy topic with worthy people , at least most of them . Too bad the writer was n't up to the task .
 Shame on Tom Brokaw for giving an epic title to a book that is clumsily written and tedious to read . I am totally underwhelmed by the lack of substance in this book .
 Good material about `` Great '' people . However , reading this book is like enduring a detailed description of a 1/16 inch layer of ice covering a pond that is teeming with life . We see nothing below the surface or its impact on its surroundings . Perhaps this is what I should have expected from a person who makes his living from 30 second sound bites . I do agree that it was a `` great generation `` I am the same age as Mr. Brokaw , a veteran of the 1960 's US Army and have logged over 2 million air miles in business travel around the world . Many of the young men and women with whom I have served , worked and communicated measure up remarkably well to the standards set by the WW11 generation . Mr Brokaw insinuates that they do not - I suggest he step back from his circle of associates in the media and visit the `` real '' people in Americas cities , small towns and rural areas . The majority still believe in the values of honesty , integrity , hard work and sacrifice for the common good . As much as our media and political leaders have tried to convince us that these are not important - they will fail . The `` GREATEST GENERATION '' will be the one following the `` BOOMERS '' and they will rise to the crisis of re-establishing values and morals in our leaders and media .
 `` The Greatest Generation '' reminds me of biographies printed for class reunions or interviews published in a small town newspaper . In `` The Greatest Generation '' Tom Brokaw profiles dozens of people who served their country during World War II.Most of the profiles follow the template of
 I so wanted to enjoy this book . My grandparents , people I love dearly , are part of this `` Greatest Generation '' so it was with great enthusiasm that I read this book . In my mind it would be a sort of homage to them . Unfortunately , I am still struggling to get past the poor writing . Obviously , Brokaw is a journalist and not a writer , but I expected that even he would be able to spin a compelling collection of stories that would make me -LRB- someone who actually already believes that they are -RRB- see this generation as being `` the greatest . '' Sadly , Tom , it takes more than simply calling them that . I found myself wishing I could have a dollar for each time Brokaw slapped a superlative on some poorly told tale and expected me to come out feeling that these individuals were the best of the best . I am certain that there are stories out there -LRB- and maybe even some that were in the book -RRB- that would answer the promise of the book 's title . Unfortunately , Brokaw -LRB- 1 -RRB- can not write , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- is so self-important that he thought just telling me I should admire this generation would be enough . These stories should have told themselves . They did not . I was sorely disappointed .
 I found this book to be disappointing . I agree with Tom Brokaw 's premise that the World War II generation may be the greatest in American history , and for the reasons he cites . It is a pity that he does n't follow through with a book that really proves his argument . What Brokaw gives the reader is a series of brief , fluffy profiles of the lives of World War II veterans from many walks of life . These stories are interesting as far as they go ; unfortunately , Brokaw does n't delve deep enough to support the main contention of his book . He seems to have concentrated on individual achievements during the war -LRB- which were inarguably outstanding -RRB- , but gave relatively short shrift to his subjects ' postwar achievements -LRB- which to me should have been the essential proof of Brokaw 's overall premise . After all , many veterans who served in the decades since World War II have also become community leaders , doctors , lawyers , engineers , and politicians ; it may be fairly argued that many of their achievements , while not yet fully tested in the crucible of history , will prove as significant as those of the generation Brokaw writes about -RRB- . I also was left questioning how careful the author was in selecting the subjects about which he wrote . It seemed many of his selections were based on his own personal knowledge of the people he chronicled . Perhaps , with more research , he could have found subjects whose achievements after the war provided better support for his argument.Like other reviewers , I found the author 's writing to be at best average . He writes very much like he speaks ; as a long-time viewer of NBC Nightly News , I found myself almost able to hear Brokaw 's voice as I read along . `` The Greatest Generation '' is a book which I feel has great potential left unfulfilled . It could have been a towering chronicle of the lives of some genuine American heroes , but falls short due to obviously inadequate research and a lack of focus . Its one major redeeming feature is that it has made generations of Americans since World War II understand better , and respect more , the people whose sacrifices during the war really did change the second half of the twentieth century . In doing that , this book does serve an admirable purpose .
 This book is in a real sense a long and general thank you letter to a generation . While the flavor of appreciation comes across as very real in this book I was hoping for a more acedemic and researched direction . I was dissapointed . The generation of the 40 's deserves this book for the gratitude that it heaps on them , though I do n't agree they are quite the saints as they are protrayed . Not much substance ... Please some historian/writer follow the idea and write a proper book !
 Evidently , the good news anchorman has been watching a little too much Saving Private Ryan lately . Naturally , the book gloats with little restraint over this generation 's stance against fascism , neglecting its evident shortcomings as a nation half-governed by Jim Crow laws , or the social preception of the proper role of women as being confined to the household . Simply utilizing the fact that this generation took such actions that would easily have been undertaken by any sane people under these circumstances as an excuse to decry other generations as less worthy is grossly unfair . Yet , given Tom 's journalistic background , his embellishments is hardly surprising . If anything , this book is testimony that history can only be properly evaluated by historians , not the news media .
 Mostly pontification . Where 's the scholarship ? The only reason I sat through this one was that it was an audio book and I was on an eight hour drive . If this is the greatest generation , I 'm in the generation that got the bill . This book glossed over most everything . If anything it proved the opposite of its title .
 Which is worse his ego or his partisan views ? This guy has an agenda and it 's almost as dumbed down as his representation of the news . One more example of the whole show going in the toilet .
 I tried to finish this homage to every WWII veteran Tom remembers from his distinguished journalistic career , but I could n't . I got very tired of the author 's ego interrupting the story these people told . This book is short on substance . I wanted to read more about their experiences and I felt the interviewer let a lot of good stories slip through his tape recorder . We are treated to a lot of boasting about how honest , hard-working and long-suffering this generation is . Clearly , there are other interviewers/writers who handle this same territory better . Studs Terkle comes to mind immediately . The generation Tom admires may indeed be the greatest . This book is n't .
 It is sad to see a mainstream news man stoop so low to stroke 1 . the nation and 2 . his `` audience '' -LRB- for who else must watch and believe mainstream tv news but old timers or people who think like old timers ? -RRB- The job of a real journalist is never to make people `` feel good '' in the way that Brokaw does here . A real journalist would probe the terror that the American nation seems to ask each generation of young men to get ready to endure for more often than not false reasons . What 's weird is that Brokaw mentions the humility of these people -- they do n't want to exploit their experiences in war , and he turns around and heroicizes them in precisely the way they seem to not want to be heroically portrayed . Is being sent off to kill another human being ever anything to get ra ra about ? Should n't we instead look to the day when we never have to contemplate killing each other and write books that bring us in that direction ? Like probing this thing called `` nationalism '' and the last refuge of a scoundrel `` patriotism '' ?
 One need not go further than the title to see the pomposity of Mr. Brokaw . A love fest for a dying generation that looks down at every generation that follows because they did n't fight in a war . He fails to mention that fighting in WWII was very unpopular until our mainland was attacked . No , his generation is no better or worse than any other .
 Listen , I like Tom Brokaw as a journalist , but this book was such an obvious pander in order to sell books . It worked , he sold a lot of copies . By calling the WWII generation the `` Greatest Generation '' , it gives anyone born within the general area the idea that they are great . Brokaw does n't bother to make a distinction between the `` GI Generation '' , or the people who actually marched off the war , fought a war , came home , built a middle class and thrived . And those of the `` Silent Generation '' who came a long a little later and were big on conformity in the 1950 's , did n't suffer in the war or the Great Depression . I do n't think just because you 're old , you 're great , and the author simply would not make the distinction in order to sell copies .
 Brokaw writes not like a veteran newsman , but like an awestruck , hero-worshipping kid . That 's not a crime , but one expects more from a man with Brokaw 's experience and training . I felt the text was very shallow -- especially in the final section when he interviews celebrities . One does n't learn a lot in this section . Nor does one get any meaningful insights . I also felt there was a tremendous `` sameness '' about the interviews . Surely , there were people who had bitter memories or less than passionately patriotic views . Brokaw could have presented a more accurate picture of the generation by including a dissenting opinion or two . Regrettably , one has to wonder about the accuracy of his reporting on NBC News .
 I used to enjoy Tom Brokaw when he was NBC anchor man as a critical and competent journalist . His book however is a real disappiontment . For me , belonging to the post-war generation , it reads as a very shallow `` hurra-patriotism '' story , without any ctitical investigation of the time priode he covers . Not everything this generation did was so great and I would have expected from a critical journalist like Tom Brokaw to take this aspect into consideration as well . In this sense it is not very demanding book .
 An interesting concept containing a series of stumbling blocks that impede the reader 's progress down the Brokaw path . Examples
 The greatest generation -- without a doubt . Unfortunately , the book is not so great . It is a set of stories that all start sounding the same . The author adds very little insight to the stories . Ok , nice story , but what does it all mean ? All we get are cliched observations about patriotism and work ethic . I could have reached these conclusions myself , without even reading the stories -- what value does Brokaw add ? Additionally , his left-leaning bias comes through -LRB- contrast the tone in the sections on Bush , Dole and Weinberger with the ones on Inouye or Cutler -RRB- . The issues of this generation , what made them great , and what led the baby boom generation that they raised so far off the track have huge potential for discussion . This book does n't even scratch the surface of any of these issues . Instead , it is a set of similar sounding anecdotes which , though inspiring , you will forget 5 minutes after you read them . Analysis , what there is of it , is incredibly shallow and hopelessly cliched . On top of that , we are subjected to Brokaw heaping praise on his cronies and showing his liberal bias . I have the utmost respect for the WWII generation and what it accomplished , but this book does n't do their story justice . A quick and forgettable read .
 This unimaginably hyperbolic sack of tripe has as its premise the single most asinine argument ever made by a network anchor , which is no small feat . It is sort of the literary equivalent of Leni Reifenstahl 's Triumph of the Will . Let me make it clear that I yield to noone in my admiration for the men who fought in WWII . Anyone who fights honorably in his nation 's service is deserving of our respect and our thanks . But here are a few of the questions that are necessarily raised by Mr. Brokaw 's treacly hyperbole : * The first generation of Americans settled and subdued an unknown land . The Revolutionary generation created the nation and defeated the world 's greatest empire . The Civil War generation saved the Union and freed the slaves . Brokaw 's subjects won a war in Northern Africa , France , Italy and the South Pacific . By what stretch of the imagination was their battle vital to the nation 's existence ? * If there really was a horrible darkness falling on Europe and this generation fought it out of a sense of duty , why did they stay out of the fight for a full two years , until the Japanese attacked us ? * Why did they declare war only on Japan at that point , waiting until Hitler declared war on us to return the favor ? * Is there any reason to believe that there has ever been a generation of Americans who would have reacted differently to the bombing of Pearl Harbor ? Would n't every generation of Americans have eagerly sallied forth to crush Nippon ? Succeeding generations fought to free South Korea , South Vietnam and Kuwait ; does Brokaw really wish to suggest that they would not have fought Tojo ? * Is it appropriate to consider this generation the nation 's greatest considering the fact that the Armed Forces were segregated and that we interred our own American Japanese population during the war ? * How difficult a task was it to win WWII ? With Japan failing miserably in its desperate gamble at Pearl Harbor and the German offensive grinding to a halt in Russia , was there any way that we could have failed to win the war or was n't this merely a mopping up operation , however costly ? * Having freed half of Europe , why did this generation abandon the Eastern half of the continent to the ministrations of Stalin and the USSR ? Do the dead of the gulag really feel comforted by the fact that America allowed them to be murdered by Stalin and not Hitler ? * Did this generation 's responsibilities cease on V-J Day ? Besides the question of the Soviet Union , where was this generation during the Cold War , Korea , Vietnam , etc ? Were they responsible for these failures or merely unsupportive of our soldiers during them ? * Do the difficulties of the Depression and service in WWII really justify the massive transfer of payments that this generation has secured to themselves from future generations ? Social Security , Medicare , etc. are justly called entitlements ; why is this generation the one in our history that felt entitled to so much in exchange for their service to the nation ? * Do they bear no responsibility for the enormous deficits that were rung up throughout their lifetimes , in order to pay for the thorough Social Safety Net they demanded ? Deficits , mind you , which our generation will be the one to pay off over the next twenty or thirty years . * Who is responsible for the tremendous cultural damage that their Baby Boom children have done and are doing to this country ? Was n't it this `` Greatest Generation '' that raised the most spoiled , selfish , over indulged crop of brats ever to walk the face of the Earth?Now Brokaw does treat many of these subjects -- including interviews with Japanese Americans and blacks -- but does not even consider others and its obviously impossible to answer or justify most of them.In the end , what we 're left with are some interesting oral histories , like the reminiscences of George Bush and Julia Child , that add fairly little to the prior work of folks like Studs Terkel -LRB- The Good War
 I decided to buy The Greatest Generation ` Kindle Edition ' and when I downloaded my purchase , I got instead ` The Greatest Generation SPEAKS ' . The follow-up to it . Apparently this is some crossed up links at Amazon Kindle and if you look at this particular ad you will notice that in spite of the title saying ` The Greatest Generation ' , the actual graphic is from the aforementioned follow-up book . And I am warning you that if you click to buy , you may NOT get the book your actually wanting .
 This book is repetitious and after several episodes , boring . Tom Brokaw should stick to reading the news on NBC . If you want a good book on this subject , read , `` Citizen Soldiers . '' You will not regret it .
 `` Tom ... do n't quit your day job . `` The Greatest Generation is both cliche-ridden and self-servng . This book is merely a platform for Mr. Brokaw 's ultra-left leanings.Tom never tells us what some of these heroes think of our present `` commander in chief . ''
 There are some touching chapters in this book , but overall , some of the material was less-than-gripping . As I read this book , I could imagine the text as part of a TV news story script complete with old pictures , natural sound , some long pauses in the piece as the camera pushes in or pulls out on the shot . Coupled with the video , these chapters would be powerful . Without the video , they read a bit on the dull side . I ca n't argue with these people being called the greatest generation but I would argue with those that claim this book as the greatest tribute to the greatest generation
 I expected more depth and insight into the major themes that drove this generation supported by the individual interviews . I found the book boring and tiring . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Brokaw delivers a lightweight , sketchy , collection of interviews with World War Two vets , which unfortunately has made him a lot of money and spawned equally mediocre sequels.There are an infinite number of far superior books covering the same ground .
 After reading the book , one would likely have the following impressions
 Stories of conversion have a long history in the Christian tradition , and some of these accounts are among my all-time favorites , e.g. , St. Augustine 's `` Confessions , '' Thomas Merton 's `` The Seven Storey Mountain , '' and Fr . Seraphim Rose 's `` Not of this World . '' In my opinion , Paul Williams ' `` The Unexpected Way '' falls well short of those classic spiritual autobiographies.Although there are occasional biographical and anecdotal asides from Williams ' daily life , most of the book consists of Williams ' philosophical arguments in defense of Catholic Christianity and against the Mayahana Buddhism which he practised for most of his adult life . Thus we find a rehash of the traditional arguments for the existence of God , arguments for the survival of the human personality after death , arguments against reincarnation , arguments for the resurrection of Jesus , and so forth . Insofar as Williams is a philosopher by profession , this didactic style is perhaps to be expected , but since I myself was a philosophy major in college , much of this has a `` been there , done that '' quality for me . Quite frankly , I often found my mind wandering when reading this book . Perhaps it will have greater immediacy for those who are n't accustomed to philosophical debate , and for whom disputation of these ideas represents a new experience.Williams is far less succesful in making Christianity seem alive and vibrant than Merton , Chesterton , or C.S. Lewis did in their day , and I would refer readers to those authors for conversion stories and/or Christian apologetics that are far more engaging.Moreover , in defending traditional Catholic doctrines , Williams often falls back upon appeals to ecclesiastical authority rather than engaging in a real critique to see how well those doctrines are grounded in scripture and whether new understandings are possible . The efforts of men like Thomas Merton and Bede Griffiths to revisit old teachings in the light of new knowledge seem antithetical to Williams ' approach . As a new convert , he does not want to rock the boat .
 Not comprehensive or outlined or organized . A lot of talk with nothing . Beginer stuff like RSI , MACD and MA are 1/3 of the book , another 1/3 on Dow theory . Charts patterns , nothing in here like projection of target price , failuer rate and trading tactics . You want a good book on price chart patterns . I suggest `` Encyclopedia of Chart Patterns '' , Bulkowski .
 BORING . I started to read about the Dow Theory with old fashioned charts of defunct stocks . There are supplements to the text to bring in modern stocks , but maybe one should retire this book .
 This book along with all other books and seminars on tech analysis are mere ploys to make the authors wealthy .
 If you want a copy of the original 1940s edition , that is what this is . The Amazon webpage makes it look like you are buying a paperback copy of the most recent hardcover , but that 's not the case.I purchased this item and will be returning it , not because the the 2007 edited version is so great , but because this edition does n't even have the benefit of the original authors correcting their own work based on feedback and review !!
 I bought the book because I think it is of the latest edition -LRB- edition 9 ? -RRB- . But obviously , it is not , although it is printed in 2008 . Amazon should specify the edition of the book !
 These paper back editions are pirated and unauthorized . They do not contain the modern emendations.DO NOT BE DECEIVED AND IF YOU HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT IT PROTEST TO AMAZON .
 This is a review of the 9th edition . Please note that amazon has included this review for other editions as well . That is okay because I have something to say about them too , but you should be aware . The really old editions are probably out of copyright.I would not recommend this book unless you are into the `` history of technical analysis '' . The focus of the book is classical patterns of bar charts . The book is absolutely not bad , but it 's value is a bit dubious . Why read a book that have charts that are 1/2 century old ? You ca n't be sure that things have n't changed , can you ? So the newer editions also have more modern charts . However , this combination of old and new makes for a frustrating reading . Actually I would think most book deteriorate in quality after their 3rd edition.If you want a classic in your bookself I would really recommend you to buy a second-hand copy of the last edition written by Edwards & Magee alone . This would be the 5th edition . It has a very professional binding and clear white pages . The new edition is a very ugly and cheaply bound hardcover . This comment is only if you are into good looking books . You get the 5th edition for $ 5 at amazon , so it is a nobrainer!Addition in 2010
 The book is the reprint of a old edition date back 1948 with some little update up to 1963 . The Amazon 's Search-Inside -LRB- TM -RRB- refer to another update version of the book -LRB- 9 ed . -RRB- . The book 's style and content is very old , the charts are hand-made and frankly speaking now it 's possible to do much better and the calculation of indicators now can be exact . If you are interested to the prehistory of technical analysis a would suggest `` Welles Wilder - New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems '' . Modern and better books are those of Achelis and Colby .
 The book is a reprint of a much older book . Since the original book was written there have been a number of significant advances in computing power and software and this book is very much dated .
 Written in the 20 's , this book is at least five decades ahead of its time , discussing detailedly about Dow Theory , chart patterns , volume , support and resistance etc in the demand and supply context , at a time whilst most people focused solely on company/accounting data specific fundamental analysis . However , though market psychology doesnt change , technology and the speed and means of information distribution do , leading to shorter business cycles and thus trends , inevitably attacking the weakest link of the Dow Theory which is that confirmation of the primary and long term trend almost always come too late . The situation is even worse in that `` traps '' in trend following are so frequent in today 's highly competitive market when power traders with the help of deteriatives fully exploit the stop loss orders of mass investors.I dont mean to undermine the value of this book . Nevertheless , considering the high price of the book and the long time to read it through , there are many alternatives that cover TA wider and deeper . This book can be a very exhaustive reference book in chart patterns . It just can not provide a compeat course on TA . The new appendix of MACD , Stochastics etc is adequate but far from sufficient . Afterall , TA is just a tool for money making . There 's no point not to take a more productive route to achieve the goal .
 I am a big fan of Dougles Adams books , at least in general.But this book is , at best , only marginally funny . Others have explored this topic , and with better results.The problem here is that Adams tries to make funny sounding words for things that do n't have a name -LRB- like that little twist between link sausages -RRB- , but constrains himself to using the names of small cities and towns from around the world . Occasionally , he hits a home run , but most of the words are strike outs.Disapointed.PS the ` name ' for the link between sausages is kerry . Why , I do n't know , and I have no idea why some think this is humorous .
 Unlike Adams ' other works , this provides no satire , and very very little humor . The entire purpose of the book is to identify cities and towns whose names do not obviously make sense , redefine the name as a noun and bestow upon it a nonsensical definition . The only reason I did n't rate it a one or half star , is because it was n't offensive , aside from the $ 8 lost .
 I do n't feel it 's up to Adams ' usual standard , nor as good as `` sniglets '' -- remember them ? I do n't like the idea of using existing words -- usually proper nouns . More imagination was needed . And I did n't get the illustrations .
 This book is set up as a dictionary . If you enjoy reading dictionaries , then please purchase this book . The humor was lost on me because of the format .
 You ca n't learn much from this book . This book contains only questions and answers -LRB- with explaination -RRB- . That 's about all . Nothing much . Do n't expect this book will teach you how to install SQL . It will only ask you to refer to book online .
 This book uses one of the weirdest romanization schemes I 've ever seen . In addition , it uses this scheme throughout , making learning the Devanagari script more difficult . The grammatical explanations ramble a lot and the vocabulary words tend to be unrelated to each other . This is one of the worst self-taught Hindi courses out there .
 I 'd rather shoot myself than lean from this book again .
 After experiencing a loss recently , I was looking for books to help me during the difficult days that follow . I was looking for more personal experience or scientific info . All of the references to the bible in relation to pregnancy loss just did not make a connection with me . I am a spiritual person , but I just did not find this book very helpful . There are many other books that I found informative and comforting .
 At first I thought this book was helpful but honestly it was n't . I got this book from a friend after the loss of our first son Luke . The big thing that bothered me the most were the devotional titles like `` what do you say I am '' ? well that one never really answered the question and it 's kind of a pet peeve of mine when an author begins a chapter with a question and it 's never really answered.In fact I feel like it kept me back from healing and kept me in a very sad dark place for a long time . Now this book does n't take full credit for that but it was a big part of the reason why that was.It did n't really encourage me and it 's the last book I 'd give to someone because to put it simply it was n't very well written . I am thankful this book is hard to find.I do recommend the one year book of Hope , the writer lost two of her children to a genetic disorder before they were 7 months old . Its not only helpful to parents who 've lost a child but really to anyone who 's going through a trying time the loss of a close family member , a child , a cancer battle . It truly blessed me and it 's a big seller . In fact alot of grief groups use that book as a tool for their meetings .
 This is the kind of book which asks to be read for hours and hours AND then you go on double check on the internet . E.g. the list of hotels in Santa Cruz refers to the type of traveler who loves to spend more than $ 250 per night - tripadvisor.com offers a different picture ... While planning a tour I 'm looking for a tour guide which gives me distances on the map , smaller maps with an overview about an area or town -LRB- not only for SF or Yosemite -RRB- and more background information than the frequent use of adjectives -LRB- `` breathtaking '' `` the world 's most spectacular '' -RRB- . There is a lot in this book BUT ...
 A wonderful past pace for western lit . Molly Gloss give her readers plenty of time to enjoy the setting that she has detailed in this book .
 This book and the setting seemed to have so much potential , yet Gloss failed to give soul to her characters . I never identified with any of the characters or cared about their future . The bad guys were evil , the heroine heroic , the cowboys shallow but no characterization beyond the stereotypes . Page after page of obstacles to overcome , yet no insights to be gained . If this book had n't been a selection of my book group , I never would have stuck it out to the end .
 The Jump-Off Creek By Molly Gloss THE REAL WEST The Jump-Off Creek by author Molly Gloss is the story of the `` real West , '' the hardships of daily life in the Blue Mountains of Oregon . In many ways , the novel is not your typical Western . The book begins with Lydia , a brave , independent woman from the East , homesteading by herself in the 1890 's . After her husband died , she `` sold his clothes and his dog and horse and everything else that belonged to him , to have the money to come West . '' The story , though told in multi-vocal text , is largely made up of Lydia 's daily journal entries and accounts of the struggles she faces as a woman alone in the West . I found it interesting to get a woman 's perspective of the West for a change . Though there are some similarities , the novel differs in many ways from the common western myth . Although gender is still established in the novel , Gloss also violates gender roles . The male characters are often portrayed as child-like instead of the heroes we are used to reading about in western novels . The reader learns early on , for example , that Tim Whiteaker , Lydia 's friend and neighbor , is a cook . Tim claimed to have `` spent as many summers cooking as he ever did cowboying . '' Just as Tim violated gender roles by cooking , so too did Lydia by pioneering alone . Evelyn , Lydia 's only female friend on the frontier , commented once , `` I admire you so much Lydia ! You are brave as anyone ! '' In a sense , Lydia takes the place of the male hero in the story . She has some of the qualities men usually bear in the common western myth like bravery and independence . `` I have been long getting my independence and am much afraid of losing it through some need or circumstance , '' she says . Lydia realizes the limitations , however , that she has as a woman in the West such as her lack of physical strength . Besides gender , another difference between the commonly portrayed West and the West found in The Jump-Off Creek is the lack of action and adventure . Most Westerns are packed with gun slinging and bar fights . Gloss , however , focuses more on the hardships of daily life and the constant struggle for survival . During this time on the Western frontier , times were hard , decent jobs were hard to come by , and death was all around . Animals were killed daily by poisoned bait and the harsh weather of winter . Men , too , were inclined to violence and had to be cautious of making enemies . Those brave and strong enough to fight the elements of nature also had to accept failure . Near the end of the story , following a treacherous ice storm , Gloss describes Lydia . `` Crossing the field with the empty kettle , she fell on the ice and sat there crying , dryly , tiredly . ' But like all of the other survivors , she had to get up and move on . Despite the differences with the common Western myth , The Jump-Off Creek does share some similarities . For example , Gloss frequently writes about loneliness in the West . In many of the Western novels , loneliness is a common problem faced by settlers . Lydia , however , denies feeling lonely throughout the entire novel . From the very beginning Lydia claims , `` I am used to being Alone , in spirit if not in body , and shall not be Lonely , as I have never been inclined that way . I believe what I feel is just a keenness to get to that place and stand under my own roof at last . '' Evelyn , however , who is surrounded by family , claims to be `` beside herself with loneliness '' and is thankful for her new companion , Lydia . Besides loneliness , the characters in The Jump-Off Creek possess another similarity with the settlers found in typical Western novels . When it comes right down to it , they too desired transformation and the fulfillment of the American dream . Lydia confesses to Blue that `` I had it in my mind to come West and take up ranching . I suppose that I was seeking the boundless possibilities that are said to live on the frontier . '' The only difference is usually it is the male in search of those dreams , not the independent female . Overall , I enjoyed reading Gloss 's book . After the characters were fully introduced the story flowed much better and became more interesting . I would definitely recommend The Jump-Off Creek to the reader who is interested in the story of the `` real West '' . Though gender is not always defined and the struggles of daily life are more prevalent than action , the novel shares some common themes - loneliness and transformation - with the typical Western .
 The reason this book is not well known by London readers is because it stinks . It appears to be a juvenile effort by London at a very early time in his career when he had not yet nailed down his mastery of description or characterization . I finished up Martin Eden the day before and was starving for some more London , preferably an adventure tale such as South Sea Tales . When I went to the bookstore I was excited to find a novel based on the Klondike and was able to get through about 3 chapters before I realized that I was forcing myself to read only because it was a work by London . The descriptions of incidents are choppy and bland , the conversations are dull and forced , and the manner in which London moves from scene to scene leaves the reader thinking wait , did two pages just get stuck together and I missed something ?? If you want to read off the beaten path London I suggest you read John Barleycorn -LRB- amazing , I felt the heat from the coal furnace -RRB- or South Sea Tales .
 Burton , s life was amazing and his adventures were beyond belief so how come I had such a hard time getting thru this book . Because the author ca n't tell a story . I was very disapointed in the way this author tried to tell about one of histories most interesting lives .
 After all the good reviews I read of this book I thought I would love it . Usually I enjoy biographies . I found that this book is written in a style that makes the story a bit difficult to follow . I gave it my best shot but I did not enjoy it at all .
 This pocket size book attempts to teach the reader basic phrases and sentences in Danish by printing them phonetically in English . This is a great concept - but instead of spelling things foe-net-ik-lee , they use all of those annoying symbols that one generally finds in a pronunciation key at the begining of an american dictionary -LRB- the upside down and backwards e , the little lines over an a or an e , etc. for example -RRB- . So unless you are an English major and understand the meaning of these american language symbols - you will never understand this book . Also , even when you try to figure out what all the symbols mean - the pronunciation that you end up with sounds nothing like the danish word . My husband is from Denmark and I have been struggling with the language for years . I suggest that you get Colloqial Danish with the audio tapes if you do n't know anyone who can demonstrate the pronunciation for you .
 I 'm usually a good judge of which books I 'll love , but not this time . My friend warned me that Snow quickly disolves into psychobabble , but was worth reading for the cat antics . Right she was ! Perhaps I did n't feel well the day I began reading this annoying book , but within the first 20 pages , I hated it . It was hard to finish , but I was intrigued with the unusual talents the cats displayed , and I kept hoping the story would become less uncomfortable to read . It just had no flow . The subject matter did not bother me , but the way it was written did . I hardly ever read a book I do n't want to finish , but this one was a struggle . To the author 's credit , I found Vinny and Sophie the cats very charming . Perhaps Ms. Howie 's next book will be easier on the nerves .
 I found this book as disappointing as The Prayer of Jabez book . I also felt I was re-reading sections from her husband 's book in her book ; his words were just changed around a bit . There was nothing new nor were any original ideas presented in the book.She makes reference on why God loves to answer such a prayer as the Jabez prayer . Does that mean that God does not answer other kinds of prayers , and only chooses `` prayers such as ... ? '' I think not . She talks of women being very fearful and giving up on miracles in their lives . Well , thoughts have energy and if one constantly thinks fearful thoughts , then fear shows up in our lives . If one does not believe in miracles happening , then they wo n't . Ernest Holmes , in his ministry , stated , `` Change your thoughts , change your life . '' Jesus was able to do what he did , not only because of his faith , but also because of the power of his thoughts . Faith is a huge concept.The feeling I get after reading this book is that if one says this prayer then the miracles unfold . If one does n't believe , or is skeptical , or has negative thoughts , their lives will not change . The author also talks about supporting one 's husband . How about the husband supporting his wife 's career ? It works both ways and spousal support is not just `` one '' way . Have I stepped back into the 50 's here ? Satan is also mentioned in her book , which , in my review of the Prayer of Jabez , is getting old . We have free will , which God has given us . Our choices need to be held accountable by the person who made them and not blamed on someone else.She also makes reference that we have to realize that Jesus died for payment our sins and once we accept that we are saved . I think not . God 's Spirit is with us always and if one does or does not accept the above statement , it does not mean that God will not bless us . We are God 's expression on earth . We are already whole and complete and we are loved always . I am really tired of reading `` Christian '' books where the guilt it constantly laid on . This book also does not talk about a forgiving and loving God , which is very disappointing.She also talks ad nauseum on fear , on women 's fears . Sure we all have fears , but again we either give into them or change them . It makes me wonder that as a minister 's wife , she is so filled with fear , where is her supportative husband ? Does she feel that insecure ? Has her husband not helped to boost her self-confidence or has she been put down and made to feel insecure . Makes one wonder.This book was just as bad as the original , if not worse . Another disappointment .
 Seller did a great job getting this to me in a timely fashion , no complaints there ; however , the text within the book is terribly small , looks like someone zoomed out and then printed all the pages , they do n't even fill the page normally -LRB- 2 inch margins on the left and right and 3-5 inch margins on the top and bottom -RRB- . Was excited to get the book , but not very excited about the print size
 This is one of the most helpful books for teaching that I have found . Spurgeon is known as `` Prince of Preachers '' and he really is a great teacher . I an certanly thankful He left some of his work for us to use . His ancedotes are great .
 This is an abriged edition -LRB- although it says unabriged in the product description -RRB- and the print is VERY small .
 These are great lectures by Spurgeon , but the format of the book is very poor . It is a photo reproduction of one of the original editions and the type is VERY small and hard to read . There are other editions , Eerdmans for example , that are much better for a similar price .
 Was surprised at how boring this book was . A lot of blah blah about things I cared nothing about . A relative of mine was Norma Baden Wallace who was known as the Last Madam and Queen of the Underworld . She was n't mentioned .
 I was n't too happy when I got this book in the mail . It simply does not have very much material , even for a baby . All my granddaughters teach their children simple signing starting at a few months and pre-verbal signing is great for eliminating much of the frustration of not being able to express themselves , but it seems to me that the pictures in this book would be difficult for them to catch on to . Obviously , the adult would need to teach the signs but I do n't think they would be able to recognize them from the pictures after they learned them .
 The book is definately a disappointing follow-up from Mail Order Bride . Its so hard to like Annie , who is out for herself and very immature . Usually in historical romances a 20 year old is a little more mature . So it makes it difficult to root for her and Colin , when all you want to do is smack her in the head.I love Maureen McKade 's books , and I would tell you to read this , just to get closure from the whole Trevelyan tale . But man oh man , Kate and Trev raised a brat !!!!!! I expected way better . Sorry , Ms. Mckade ...
 After several years away , Colin McBride returns to Colorado to visit a married couple who were his closest friends . He 's surprised to see that their daughter , Anne Trevelyan , has grown into a beautiful young woman . Colin is only visiting for a short time before heading to San Francisco , where he plans to buy a ranch , marry , and settle down . His friends ask him to escort the lovely Anne to San Francisco where they have enrolled her in a finishing school . Although he 's concerned about escorting such an attractive woman hundreds of miles , he can not say no to his friends.Anne is attracted to the handsome Colin , but she 's determined to seek fame and fortune as an actress . Her parents are not in favor of her ambitions , which is why they are enrolling her in the finishing school . Anne has other plans though , and surmises all she needs to do is flirt with her companion enough , and he 'll allow her to do as she wishes . But when passion rages between them on the trip , Colin wants to marry her . Anne is determined to devote her time to her career , and a husband does n't fit into the equation.When I picked up this book , I was unfamiliar with this author , but the premise sounded interesting . Unfortunately , this has to be one of the worst books I 've ever read . Colin was likeable , but Anne was immature and self-centered . What he saw in her is a mystery to me . The characters were one-dimensional , and never engaged my emotions . I virtually lost interest in the story , and could care less what happened to the characters . Additionally , the writing seemed awkward and did n't flow well . I have no idea why I finished this book , because it was painful to get through even with the skimming I did at times . Save yourself the agony by passing on this one .
 I am a very big Maureen McKade Fan . I have got 2 of every book that she has . I waited so long to read this one . But when I got it I sat down to read it and I have to say I was crying at the end becuse it was so painful to read . It was a very disapointing night . This is one book that I will not be keeping :--LRB- It was very laging in many areas . Along with unbelivable . I am usally able to loose my self in her books and forget any kind of day the world has put me threw but not this one . You know it a great book if you laugh and rut on the people in it but this one you sipmly can not .
 It was a struggle to finish this book . It has positive features ; the system of magic is well-conceived and well-described , and Grimsley has obviously put a lot of thought and effort into creating a history for his world . But this book simply does n't make you stay up all night to finish it , the way the best novels do , although it does pick up a bit in the final third . I agree with the reviewer below who said that Jessex is perfect and therefore uninteresting . Also , I found the central relationship between Jessex and Kirith Kirin to be uninvolving , mostly because Kirith Kirin is devoid of personality . All we know about him is that he 's a leader and that he 's in love with Jessex , and we learn nothing more about him through 456 pages . Grimsley did n't make me believe that Kirith Kirin was thousands of years old , nor did he make me believe Jessex was 15 . They could both just as easily have been in their 30s , judging by the dialogue between them . This is an interesting novel if you 're looking for something different , but do n't expect the readability of George R.R. Martin , Tad Williams or Robin Hobb .
 I do n't know what it is about this book ... . I had heard about it from a friend and looked it up here on amazon , it had enough good reviews for me and I decided to get it . I was very disapointed , the story line was good and the characters could ahve been interesting and fun , but there is just something about this book that made it VERY dificult for me to get through and even harder to really like . I felt no connection to the characters , and the romance between Jessex and Kirith Kirin was just ... . it didnt seem real to me . I truely do n't know what to say about this book . It wasnt my favorite but I cant say it is the worst book I have ever read .
 I look at the ratings and see 4 and 5 stars so I read the book.In the beginning of the book Jessex was an interesting character . He learns magic , and discovers he is really talented but then he falls in love with Kirith Kirin and oh by the way who is a man ! I stopped reading this book right after their love scene at 1/4 of the book . This is not a book for me or anybody else who has similar disinterests .
 I give the book two stars instead of one only because the prose style itself is not bad . Everything else about the book is . I have to admit I skimmed the first two thirds of the book - do n't the authors know that the first rule of romance is to get your characters together ? Apparently not . The first half of the book is about absolutely nothing much , and Kirith Kirin spends most of his time travelling somewhere far away . When he and Jessex finally get together , there is maybe two paragraphs of substance , which is everything worth reading about the book . Unfortunately it 's only downhill from there . Kirith Kirin has zero personality , nothing , nada . He 's a king and very old and in love with Jessex and that 's it . Jessex is a boy - you get that from the beginning , and over and over again , and that 's about all that can be said for him . He 's a beautiful boy , he has magical powers , blah blah blah . There 's a war in there somewhere , although I ca n't imagine anyone caring much about the battles or the outcomes , the politics of which are described in often excruciating -LRB- and yet completely uninteresting -RRB- detail . There is nothing personal in this book . It 's a few character sketches and a detailed plot outline , and it just has no substance to it . The stuff you care about - what Kirith Kirin is thinking maybe , or what kind of person he is , or how these characters would interact with each other if ever anyone interacted with anyone in this book in all but the most superficial manner - all that stuff is missing . It also fails as a fantasy novel - the use of magic is highly unoriginal , warring parties devoid of character and motivation , and the plot is there but it just does n't * move * . I put it down at about the two thirds point . It was just too painful to go on .
 One word
 You 'd think a 15 year old faced with being the salvation of an immortal king , the keystone of an army of thousands and integral the future of the entire world would be overwhelmed , frightened , excited , disbelieving , in awe -- but Jessex , the protaganist of this novel is about as wooden as he is perfect . And Oh , is he ever perfect . Jessex has none of the frailty or humanity we 've come to expect from even the cheapest dime-store fantasy novels . As a result , the book is a near complete loss ... I truly pity Kirith Kirin , facing the prospect of several lifetimes with someone so completely uninteresting .
 to tell you the truth , i did n't like this book . i am not into the whole `` western '' books . i had to read it for a project at my school and i thought it was terrible . plain and simple . sorry to all you out there who liked it but u guys r weird !
 I was thrilled to read all the online reviews of this book , as it sounded like just the thing I was looking for . I perused a copy at a bookstore , and absolutely hated it ! The style is not cottage at all , but country
 poor book , I do n't read it anymore .
 The cover was the best photo found in the book . Many pictures showed busy rooms and cluttered kitchens . I love country chic style and am a HUGE fan of cath kidson and rachel ashwell as well as other books such as New Cottage Style and Country Chic . If you are looking for those styles , this is NOT the book . After looking through this book , i wanted to clean out my entire house due to the clutter overload .
 Ross Leckie writes exciting , thrilling storys , but a writer should not work in historical fiction if he does n't know anything about the period is writing . Every time ross goes for some detail ... it 's COMPLETELY WRONG ... he dont even know that a primus pilus -LRB- primipilus -RRB- is the first centurion of the first cohort . If you want to read historical novels about rome , try Steven Saylor or the marvelous Colleen McCullough . Mr. Ross , You do n't have to be a scholar to write historical fiction , but please ... read one or two books before you write your novels .
 I bought this book thinking this was Historical fiction ... I was wrong , this is trash , one of the most ridiculous books I 've ever read , he does n't know squat , and his characters are ludicrous , badly written and boring .
 The book was interesting to me because the author speaks about life in the Army . Some soldiers got good and bad experience during their time . The book makes comments about three diferent soldiers .
 Typical Feinstein -LRB- `` A Season on the Brink '' excepted -RRB- . Quick , gossipy , superficial , fawning , etc. , etc. . This book is about the 2002 U.S. Open Golf Championship at the Bethpage Black Golf Course , a New York State Park course on Long Island . The subtitle , `` Inside the Ropes at Bethpage Black , '' is used here as a figure of speech , meaning `` behind the scenes . '' -LRB- `` Inside the ropes '' is normally used in the context of a professional golf tournament to refer to the actual playing area itself -- spectators are separated from the golfers , caddies , officials , and other chosen few by thin ropes that tell the spectators how close they can get to the action . -RRB- Feinstein 's purpose is to give the reader a look at the unfolding of a golf tournament from its conception to its completion . We see U.S Golf Association -LRB- the organization that conducts the tournament -RRB- leaders in action and learn something about the logistics of putting on a golf tournament -LRB- e.g. , 4,850 people willing to volunteer their time so that the professional golfers and U.S.G.A. can have a huge payday -RRB- , about random qualifiers and random competitors , and about the resurrection of the Black golf course . Yet the book does not fulfill its promise . My guess is that Feinstein 's indebted to too many golf people for both his past and anticipated future lifestyle to offer the kind of critical insights and analysis I had hoped for .
 I was so disappointed in this book . Having read most of Feinsteins other works . It was certainly not , '' Inside the Ropes '' , as the sub title implies.I was totally bored by the business end of the open . Aside from the introduction , the golfers don t enter the book for about three hundred pages.I found myself skimming to get to the good stuff , which took a long time to materialize .
 Mostly rubbish - as a book and especially as a Feinstein book.John Feinstein broke new ground with `` A Season On The Brink '' and successfully used the same formula with `` The Majors '' and `` A Good Walk Spoiled '' -LRB- although the former was a better book -RRB- . `` The Open '' is confirmation that Feinstein has completely adopted a paint-by-numbers approach . A typical paragraph/chapter follows : ... John Doe was a skilled high school/college golfer , eventually lowering his handicap to 3 . He thought about joining the minitours or becoming a club/range pro but was offered a job with < insert corporation > out of the blue . Through mutual contacts , he met < insert USGA staffer > and acted as a < insert golf tournament job > at a local qualifier . He eventually worked his way up the USGA ladder and is now responsible for < insert title or duties > at the US Open and other national USGA events ... There are two big problems with this approach :1 -RRB- Feinstein tries his hardest to portray each person as unique , but this Mad Libs style of writing gets repetitive when applied to dozens of individuals .2 -RRB- It 's a transparent attempt to humanize some of the stuffed shirts at the USGA . Unfortunately , some of them are beyond rehabilitation . Tom Meeks , in particular , comes off as even more arrogant and pigheaded -LRB- which is quite an accomplishment , in a way -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's an East Coast/Long Island/political thing , but there are far too many groups who demand some form of tribute before they will cooperate . Feinstein attempts to portray the local governments , police , and transportation officials as helpful but watchful ; instead , they come off looking like the tinhorns they are . The Masters , the Memorial , any number of tournaments are carried off year after year with similar crowds and logistical problems , but those events are not treated like a moon shot . Our own wonderful Department of Energy -LRB- of the people , by the people , for the people ... or something -RRB- causes problems by refusing to allow vans transporting the players to the 10th tee to drive on their precious service road . In short , the tournament was carried off in spite of all the ` help ' the USGA received , not because of it.I 'm sure Feinstein stayed up late trying to think of a way to inject his buddies on tour , particularly Paul Goydos , into the storyline . As luck would have it , Goydos had the very first tee time of the Open , so we are treated to more incredibly boring coverage of this journeyman . This ` everyman ' approach worked well in Feinstein 's first golf book , but three volumes later it has been worn threadbare.As others have stated , if you 're looking for coverage/insight into the top names in golf , read the newspaper or GolfWorld . If you are dying to find out how Suzy Smith sets up her armada of cash registers in the merchandise tent , pick up a copy of `` The Open . ''
 He writes with a lot of descriptive detail , to a fualt . Every person he mentions gets their biography put in . Way too much extra junk about people no one would ever here of . Chapters start out with the continuing story and quickly break down into the life story of some high ranking account for the PGA , and so on . Read only if you need to get some sleep .
 I like Feinstein 's work but this book is a bore . The first 100 pages are mini-biographies of USGA staff . Someone out there must find interesting which college basketball team is the favorite of the USGA publicity director , but I am at loss to understand whom .
 I bought this book anticipating another great read like
 The subtitle should be , `` Inside the Port-o-Johns at Bethpage Black , '' because Feinstein devotes many pages to the man who set up all those portable toilets that lined the golf course , every last one , even one that Tiger briefly did some business in ! The guy who unloaded the Port-o-Johns off the truck is interesting for about a clause , but we get page after page of this guy . You 'd think he was the Pope of Bethpage Black . If you want to know fascinating stuff like the PRECISE NUMBER of Port-O-Johns that actually lined the golf course , then attempt to burrow your way through Open . The playing of golf -- I 'm talking about the first actual golf shot of the tournament -- does n't make its first appearance until page 256 . At that point , the book is more than two-thirds over !!! Feinstein phoned this one in . Did someone edit this ? He should have called it , `` A Good Open Spoiled . '' Do n't waste your money .
 Mostly rubbish - as a book and especially as a Feinstein book.John Feinstein broke new ground with `` A Season On The Brink '' and successfully used the same formula with `` The Majors '' and `` A Good Walk Spoiled '' -LRB- although the former was a better book -RRB- . `` The Open '' is confirmation that Feinstein has completely adopted a paint-by-numbers approach . A typical paragraph/chapter follows : ... John Doe was a skilled high school/college golfer , eventually lowering his handicap to 3 . He thought about joining the minitours or becoming a club/range pro but was offered a job with < insert corporation > out of the blue . Through mutual contacts , he met < insert USGA staffer > and acted as a < insert golf tournament job > at a local qualifier . He eventually worked his way up the USGA ladder and is now responsible for < insert title or duties > at the US Open and other national USGA events ... There are two big problems with this approach :1 -RRB- Feinstein tries his hardest to portray each person as unique , but this Mad Libs style of writing gets repetitive when applied to dozens of individuals .2 -RRB- It 's a transparent attempt to humanize some of the stuffed shirts at the USGA . Unfortunately , some of them are beyond rehabilitation . Tom Meeks , in particular , comes off as even more arrogant and pigheaded -LRB- which is quite an accomplishment , in a way -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's an East Coast/Long Island/political thing , but there are far too many groups who demand some form of tribute before they will cooperate . Feinstein attempts to portray the local governments , police , and transportation officials as helpful but watchful ; instead , they come off looking like the tinhorns they are . The Masters , the Memorial , any number of tournaments are carried off year after year with similar crowds and logistical problems , but those events are not treated like a moon shot . Our own wonderful Department of Energy -LRB- of the people , by the people , for the people ... or something -RRB- causes problems by refusing to allow vans transporting the players to the 10th tee to drive on their precious service road . In short , the tournament was carried off in spite of all the ` help ' the USGA received , not because of it.I 'm sure Feinstein stayed up late trying to think of a way to inject his buddies on tour , particularly Paul Goydos , into the storyline . As luck would have it , Goydos had the very first tee time of the Open , so we are treated to more incredibly boring coverage of this journeyman . This ` everyman ' approach worked well in Feinstein 's first golf book , but three volumes later it has been worn threadbare.As others have stated , if you 're looking for coverage/insight into the top names in golf , read the newspaper or GolfWorld . If you are dying to find out how Suzy Smith sets up her armada of cash registers in the merchandise tent , pick up a copy of `` The Open . ''
 The idea had promise , but Feinstein could n't identify and develop the more interesting aspects of what goes on behind the scenes to stage a US Open . He reveals that Bethpage Black was always a great course , without giving any supporting reasons why . He goes into minute detail of meaningless stuff like the family histories of junior USGA staffers , yet totally fails to address the efforts or process of renovating the condition of a run-down muni course to US Open standards . He teases us with one anecdote describing USGA exec David Fay 's practice of putting together US Open pairings with humorous threesomes such as `` Jerk Groups '' , without naming who the `` jerks '' were.About the only interesting thing I can say about this book is that , with Feinstein 's history of treating almost every single human being in every one of his books as a saint , it is truly an indictment when he portrays someone in a negative light . In the past it was Bobby Knight -LRB- A Season On The Brink -RRB- , in this book it is Tiger Woods , who he refers to as `` soulless '' , callous , unforgiving , and like most of the other characters in this book , uninteresting .
 I am really ticked off and feel that somebody at Little , Brown publishing co. owes me $ 26 . This is the worst book about golf I 've ever read , and I 've read a lot.Feinstein is generally a fantastic writer and in the past I 've really enjoyed his stuff ... so imagine how disappointing this was when I found out that it not only was NOT his usual great work ... and that in reality , this one is really a 5-star stinker.Here 's the problem
 This book is awful . From both personal and second-hand experiences , I can say that this book will make your life miserable . The authors attempt to give the readers a deeper understanding of calculus concepts , but go about it an an obtuse and incredibly disorienting fashion . The book is chock-full of obscure references , half-hearted derivations , dizzying metaphors and incredibly bad jokes . Trying to follow this text is like trying to follow the wing movements of a hummingbird on steroids.Also , the authors of this book are devious in their methods . They are constantly re-issuing new editions , and because they have a vice grip on their school 's math department , students are forced to buy new editions every semester . This means after suffering our way through an entire semester of this dreadful text , we ca n't even get a decent deal when we try to sell back our books , because it is a new edition has been released . Math professors , this book is not worth your time . Do not supoprt this machine . It is a bad , bad thing . Liberate us !!!
 This book was inflicted upon me as an undergrad student at St. Olaf . Thus far , I had mastered all previous math-related classes - Algebra , Trig , Analytic Geometry , Physics , Statistics ... always getting A 's in high school and college . -LRB- I was pre-med bio major -RRB- . Suffice to say , I 'm not an idiot . I graduated with a 3.6 in my undergrad and 3.9 in my doctorate.With that said , I could not make head or tail of what on earth they were trying to get us to do in this text ! From my understanding , they were trying to teach us not the function of Calculus , but how to reason your way through it ?!? However , this is not appropriate for a beginner . I met with the prof individually ... I enlisted the help of other students in Advanced Calc II to help me understand the assignments . Guess what ? The Advanced Calc II students had no idea how to help me . Does that tell you anything?I ended up dropping the class because I thought I was going to get a B. I re-took it and got a B.I still do n't understand calculus . And it has disheartened me to the whole subject.If you want to say `` goodbye '' to math , I highly recommend using this text for Calculus I.
 There are a lot of good calculus textbooks out there , and many of them are better , I think , than this one . I do n't know whether the authors are trying to make calculus easy & interesting . The result is that students learn more how to use the machines than the subject -- mathematics itself . Students talk more math than do math !! The authors seem to thoroughly go against the classics that emphasizes the `` symbolic '' approach more than `` numerical and graphical '' . Sometimes new approaches should be encouraged but I personally believe that all should do to help the students grasp the materials and enhance their mathematical thoughts . This is a book that teaches you how to learn and teach calculus .
 I am now taking calculus with this book . I do n't know how people survived calculus with this book . This book is for someone who really has a grasp on calculus , not for beginners . The examples do n't match the problems , so you 're thoroughly confused and have nothing to look at to help you when you 're doing homework . You get a headache literally just from trying to understand it . Calculus is hard enough and the authors make it harder to learn than it needs to be . I 've had other calculus books that explain much better and have very thorough examples that I could understand and keep up with . This book does a very poor job .
 I had this book for three terms of calculus , and it was a headache . For every one person who liked the book , there were fifty who did n't . The authors , in trying to take a `` leaner , more conceptual approach '' to calculus , thoroughly confuse . The chapters on series and sequences are impossible to understand , and no practical problems are included in them . A good textbook supplements the material presented in lecture , and this one certainly did not . To summarize
 Horrible text due to the following reasons : * authors use `` convince yourself '' too many times without showing adequate amount of proofs -LRB- typical method of `` convincing '' students in other texts -RRB- . Personally , I got so fed up with this that I threw this book -LRB- softcovered edition -RRB- on the wall of my dormitory hundreds of times throughout the semester out of frustration . I was lucky that I had an EXCELLENT professor during my first semester of Calculus . * the `` proofs '' that are used are mostly examples or counterexample and do not rigerously explain the `` why '' questions ? * needs organization * not enough examples to adequately solve end of chapter problems ; humans learn through example * some typographical errorsPro 's
 This is the third calculus book I 've had , and the only one I have n't understood . In the others I could always follow their examples and relate them to the homework questions . In this book the example problems have nothing to do with the homework questions . I imagine if one had a good calculus teacher this would be less of a problem.Basically this book taught me nothing more than to hate calculus .
 I am a fan of traditional theorem-proof exposition , and this Ostebee-Zorn text demonstrates why . This book attempts to make calculus easy to understand , but the only result is that it is impossible to follow . Essential concepts are buried deep within piles of verbiage , and the examples skip important steps making them hard to follow . Add to that the large number of typos and errors in the solutions manual . As a teaching assistant , I have had strong mathematics students who could not understand this book and whose knowledge of calculus suffered as a result . With so many quality calculus textbooks on the market , it is hard to understand why a school would choose to use this unsuccessful experiment .
 I praise Ostebee and Zorn for making an attempt to make calculus easy and for everyone . But I just do n't think that is true . Calculus is a sophisticated form of mathematics and sometimes it needs to be taught with vocabulary and methods within the mathematics community and outside of everyday life . When you combine this with the usual high number of mistakes present in a first-edition book , a great deal of the phrase `` we 'll discuss/define this soon '' , excessive use of the graphing calculator , and some pretty lame jokes , you get a product that 's not really worthy of being used in a college-level course .
 I guess somebody scanned a paper version of this book to build the kindle edition , as it appears to be filled with OCR errors.The content of the writing is enjoyable , but the kindle-edition typos are a real buzzkill for getting into the book.Get it in paperback , skip the kindle edition .
 I would n't recommend this book ... I believe that Roth is too involved in the characters having sex than trying to get some sort of plot going ... I did n't enjoy reading Goodbye , Columbus , but I did enjoy reading the short stories where it is not about sex but rather about religion . thank you for the short stories ...
 `` Goodbye , Columbus , '' by Philip Roth , is a series of short stories . Each story has it 's own characters and plot . Roth begins with a story about man and women who fall in love . They experience many conflicts such as family matters and working habits . The second story is about a boy who is trying to discover how Jesus was established as a religious icon . His misunderstanding leads to a crisis on top of a building . The third story is about World War II and a man 's perception of the war and his experiences . The fourth story is about a husband and wife who are struggling with marriage conflicts . The wife believes her husband is cheating on her because he develops an extraordinary rash . The fifth story is about two boys who are in high school and are learning about baseball and true friendship . They develop a friendship that lasts a life time . The last story is about a man and his pregnant wife . They struggle with money and job issues , but somehow they learn to deal with their obstacles in life when approached by them.The short stories all have similar aspects to them . Roth uses very descriptive diction to project a vivid image into the reader 's mind and to create a romantic tone in the story . The stories are easy to follow and understand because of the use of straight forward word choice and descriptions of the characters . The reader may find that the stories are short and unfinished , but because of this , the reader is left with suspense and imagination .
 I had to read this book for a college class , and it was not what I expected . I liked `` Defender of the Jews '' but not the main novella , `` Goodbye Columbus . ''
 The movie infatuated sub-literate `` reviews '' of this adaptation immediately turned me off , they can probably only ingest it in audio format . The Amazon no-name who misspelled HARLAN ELLISON 's name didnt help , he 's a vastly better writer than roth , and the only reason I was going to buy these tapes , guess not .
 From the first quarter of the first story : The darker it got the more savagely did Brenda msh the net ... Though it w3s summer now nnd I was out of college three years , it w3s not hard for me ... The page he had been looking at showed an 81/212 x 11 print ... twinkled in his boyish eves Poor little Tulie -LRB- eves should be eyes , no period , Tulie for Julie -RRB- yamdkah -LRB- not yamulkah -RRB- In the entire house I had ` nt seen one picture of Mr. Patimkin.incongrosly -LRB- misspelled -RRB- Believe me , I could on like this all day -- there were hundreds of mistakes like these . And that 's such a shame . Amazon 's refusal to deploy a proofreader -- or maybe Amazon does n't have permission to change Tulie to Julie ? -- makes for an infuriating experience . My battered paperback copy of this book accompanied me through my teenage years and early 20s -- helped tip the scales in favor of my choosing to become a writer for a living . The experience of reading this on the Kindle was such a disappointment that I really wonder how Amazon 's not ashamed to ask readers for money for a defective product that 's inferior to the one that was originally published 51 years ago . Terrible .
 While Ross is an excellent writer and I hate to leave a review that nit-picks the format rather than the content , I think it 's useful for those considering buying the Kindle edition to be warned that the digital text has numerous obvious copy errors , seemingly created when scanning the book
 Sadly , the kindle edition is replete with typos - seemingly from an un-proofread OCR translation . A truly great book , but completely unreadable . Too bad Roth 's publisher is n't available on the itunes store ...
 Science that is so far off I have a hard time believing that it was thought to be accurate in 1966 . Dinosaurs whose only behavior is maniacal attack , even in the case of some herbovores . Prehistoric men who operate pretty much on the same level - savages just got ta be savage , after all . A paleontologist who travels back to the time of the dinosaur and collects no data - mostly just shoots things . Only one female character , who is mostly only happy when she does something to please the male heros . People who make bizarre choices apparantly only because the plot needs them to . No character development , clumsy writing , sloppy editting.Actually , Lester Del Rey did n't even write this . Someone else wrote it to his outline.There was good science fiction written in 1966 , but is probably a example of why science fiction used to have such a crummy reputation .
 I had thought that this book and the sample Exam on the CD would be a realy close reflection of the exam content . But whan I took the exam , it did n't seem like that was the case . The book and sample exam seemed to focus on Admin . stuff while the exam seemed to emphasize SQL , TSQL and database design a lot more . I also do n't think the book prepares you for security-related questions very well . But it might still be worthwhile for someone who feels ready to take the exam and just wants some practice .
 This book has two main flaws that caused me to abandon it after the first few chapters.First , it spends an inordinate amount of time on theory , compared to giving practical examples.Second -LRB- and a truly fatal flaw -RRB- is that during the course of the book , the reader is directed to build a database that is essential to reading the following chapters . The reader is encouraged to think theoretically about the general structure of the database , but is given no specifics . Yet specifics are exactly what the later chapters require ! If the reader follows the directions , it will become necessary to make numerous structure changes later.Worse yet , the `` correct '' database is not included on the CD , nor is it available online . That makes it impossible for the more advanced user to skip chapters that he does n't need.This book has become one of my more expensive doorstops .
 This book is an incomplete mess.Throughout the book there are sample questions to `` quiz '' the reader on the material . BEWARE ! many of the answers in the book are wrong.For the harder topics this is n't even a guide at all . Only a list of study points.The CD with practice questions repeats many of the questions in the book and had incorrect answers.A good replacement for this book is a brick wall . Stare at it and you will acheive the same results as reading this book .
 There are 6 domains and 20 objective , in those 6 domains , of Exam , so count how many questions are per domain -LRB- 6 !!! -RRB- . Some topics have only 3 questions , and on Exam you will get 3 or more questions from that objective.Before every domain there is list of articles -LRB- Training Kit + Books Online -RRB- to read for that domain , and every time they write how to start Books Online -LRB- klik Start menu , Programs , etc. -RRB- 3 - 4 line for somebody that goes on 70-229 !!! .1 / 4 -LRB- to 1/3 -RRB- of almost every page is unused -LRB- empty -RRB- . If 2 or more answers are wrong for the same reason , they will repeat explanation , several lines , again and again.Some questions are for total begginers , and for some you need a lot of expirience.During my web exam expirience I noticed that questions are a little bit easier than the most on the Internet.So if you are total begginer and you have extra money , buy it , but for expirienced people I recomend something like www.certportal.com or other web sites .
 Having passed the SQL Server 6.5 exam , I did n't even find this much help as a review or prep for SQL 2000 ... Had to get a better book immediately !
 This book can only be of value for someone that is stuck in the seventies . All hints and advises regarding techniques to take pictures are so outdated to be considered useless.The illustrating pictures have this yellowish touch which defined that period of extraordinary bad taste.Definitely not worth a single cent .
 I never read the book , but the CD is such a masterfully `` abridged '' version of the book that it manages to tell you for hour HOW WONDERFUL six sigma is , while totally neglecting to tell you WHAT SIX SIGMA ACTUALLY IS , or HOW IT IS IMPLEMENTED . In short , the CD contains nothing but self-marketing bull . If you have money to waste , go buy it .
 This book will tell you that six sigma is an excellent quality improvement program , -LRB- You probably heard this already -RRB- yet authors wo n't equip reader with the tools that six sigma offers . I read this book twice with a strong desire to understand the principles of the six sigma , but after reading it cover to cover twice I got nowhere.I like to read , and through the years I read a lot of books , but consider this to be the worst business book I read so far ! Jack Welch , in his book Winning -LRB- which I strongly recommend -RRB- dedicates one short chapter to Six sigma , and it covers everything you will learn from this book . This book offers no substance what 's so ever !!
 Bought this audiobook to pass the time on a long car trip . I have never seen so-little useful information stretched to fill so much time . It is written in such boring language that I do n't know how the reader stayed awake while recording it for audio . Maybe the paper book version has some diagrams or charts to give form and substance to the information , but the audiobook is like a poorly-done PowerPoint presentation without the slides . It 's just a sad collection of redundant bullet-point generalities .
 More power to you if you can get something worthwile from this book . I bought the book on CD , and it was easily the most forgettable experience I 've had in a while . The information is presented from a 30,000 mile view . So `` big picture '' oriented that it 's useless to try and consider the action behind the concepts presented.If you 're looking for a way to appear to have read something complicated and high level about Six Sigma . you found your source . If you want real , usable information , look elsewhere .
 I was amazed at how a book full of nothing new could be sold as if it contains some secret knowledge that only the initiated could comprehend -LRB- you know , like that Kung Fu martial arts stuff ... take the pebble grasshopper -RRB- . What it comes down to is an organized approach to identifying , measuring , and improving business processes . This is something I imagine has been going on long before anyone called it `` Six Sigma '' . So , if you must have this book how about cutting the cost of acquisition to three bucks or so plus shipping and get a used copy to see if this is for you .
 I could n't read this book because it is incomplete . There is something wrong with the content in the Kindle version .
 Out of all the shopping I have done through Amazon , this is the only thing I will be returning ! The book only measures 6 3/4 x 4 1/4 , has very small print and obscure black and white illustrations at the beginning of each chapter . In the same order I received James Herriot 's `` Treasury for Children '' which , for the same price , is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL , and what I also expected from this book !
 This book puts me to sleep with its extremely large print and outdated stories . Writer goes on and on and was n't at all what I expected by all the rave reviews . I 'd much rather read Wesley the Owl , Marley and Me , Dewey the Library Cat , or Merle 's Door . Save your money if you want to still read this and just check it out from the library .
 The information indicated that it was a new book for $ 8 . But , when I received , it was an old book and had a sticker in the back of the shown it was $ 5.60 . I can not believe it . I wish I can give it zero rating . But , I can not . It is really bad .
 I wanted to read some sci-fi , some high IQ stuff , some thought-provoking short stories I could read on the DART getting to and from work . Well , after reading all of these stories , I 'm convinced that writers do not submit their prize stories for anthologies . They submit their scraps . That 's craps with an extra S. I 'm dissapointed . Maybe my expectations were too high . Perhaps if I lower my expectations to what one might expect if judging a suburban high school writing contest ... hmmm ... no , I 'm still dissappointed . The people who put this together owe me $ 10 just for reading through it . If you read this then you should demand compensation . I am not better off after reading this anthology . Maybe I did n't do enough shrooms or hippie lettuce before reading it . : - -LRB-
 I have filed a claim for a refund . The book was never received and the seller did not respond to my 3 emails .
 i have a friend who loaned me a copy of this book and insisted i read it and spread the word ... thank god i did n't spend money on it . the stories seem forced , almost like they were taken from real life experience and then re-told in such a way as to make them thoroughly unbelievable . i hope that the essays are n't all autobiographical , because they seem to come from a core of desperation that is just painful to read . this guy has potential but really needs to find his own voice and stop trying so hard ... i might give his sophomore effort a try -LRB- if there is one -RRB- but i would n't waste the moolah on this one
 This stuff is easily the most trite and cliche collection of prose on love and romance that I 've ever read . I was expecting a good deal more . The writing seems to come from the mindset of an intellectually arrested suburban kid who has n't experienced much of life or the world beyond his college campus and his few so-called love affairs .
 I read this book for my English exam and after reading it , I can not understand how it can be described as a classic novel . The only possible reason that I can come up with is that people in 19th century England , did not have things like T.V. and so were absolutely desperate for anything to entertain themselves . This is possibly the most boring book that I have ever read . Nothing happens ! I feel that a lot of people call this book a classic simply because some literary expert happened to like it once , and so these people , in a vain attempt to appear more intelligent than they are , simply churn out someone else 's opinion , without actually thinking of their own response to the novel . I do n't know how many copies of this book have been printed , but it is bound to be a large number , and all I can say is that it is a huge waste of paper which could have been put to better use elsewhere . I wish that I had not wasted some of my life reading this book .
 I have recently read this book -LRB- not out of choice -RRB- and I am at a loss to understand why Hardy wrote this and why anyone would willingly read this for `` fun '' . I agree wholeheartedly with the author of `` Classically Boring '' as this book is complete excrement . People are always going on about how we should stop cutting down the rainforest etc. and if this is what all those trees are turned into , then I 'm with them 100 % .
 This book was originally written to be printed in newspapers , newspapers were then used to wipe one 's posterior . I feel i have already said enough .
 Modern novels can be so pretentious , with their needless philosophizing and conscious experimentation with the language . So is n't nice to read a classic novel with straight-forward writing that aims for no insight into society or people ? Actually no , it 's kind of depressing . The Mayor of Casterbridge relies on coincidence , melodrama , and , as the afterword in my edition puts it , `` the constant exploitation of chance happenings to determine situation and hence the fate of his characters . '' I chose this Hardy novel because it was supposed to be character-centered . The story starts with Michael Henchard selling his wife and child at a fair . I thought this book would examine his redemption , it would be a Lord Jim type tale of profound psychological insight . A strange event like that is a good way to get a book started , but the crazy , unlikely events just keep a-coming . You feel nothing for the characters , ever . You learn nothing in the end , except life is cruel and if something can go wrong , it will . Read something else .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' ought to be the model of what a classic is not . Books deemed as a `` classic '' are said to be everlasting and universal in its message . This book does not spread its wings into our era , and it does not apply to everyone in some way , unless you 've experienced paternity uncertainty and emotional neglect . The characters are rigid , changing without reason , and lacking practical emotions . Michael Henchard is repulsive from the start , from when he sells his wife and child , to his emotional withdrawal towards the young woman who turned out to be his non-biological daughter , to hiding the truth of who her father actually was to Elizabeth-Jane , so one can not pity his outcome . Elizabeth-Jane , the non-biological daughter of Henchard , was completely void of personality . `` Blas&eacute; '' has more personality than Elizabeth-Jane . After a tennis match type life , of being flung back and forth between fathers , to marrying Donald Farfrae who one day courted her , married another woman -LRB- who just happened to be the landlord of the house Elizabeth-Jane was living at , at the time -RRB- , and then realized his affection for her , Elizabeth-Jane would 've been a prime candidate for therapy -LRB- how could she give her heart to men who kept being introduced as her father ? -RRB- , but instead acted as if she was a spokesperson normalcy . Finally , Donald Farfrae , a Scotsman , who was the poster boy for blandness , never really showed growth . He was always monotone , and I could not tell if he found Elizabeth-Jane 's biological father to scorn Henchard , or truly help Elizabeth-Jane find the truth . I felt naught for the characters but purposelessness , and the story itself was uncreative and improbable . I do no recommend .
 I recently had to read this book as part of my English GCSE and I can honestly say that much paper has been wasted and our trees are being destroyed to churn out a book , which is quite frankly absolutly awfull . I also am very glad that I was not around to ever meet Thomas Hardy as from this book it sounds to me that he may well of been a manic depresent , also in most , if not all , of his other books they all end in a very sad a depressing way . Hardy describes Henchard as ` dogged ' and i feel if you want to read this you too will have to be dogged and determind to start and finish this book .
 The book itself is excellent . Thomas Hardy was a master writer , and look no further than the fact that he makes a story about a person that buys and sells corn interesting . But , the kindle edition is , like the title of the review says , missing a chunk of the text . There might be other parts omitted , but that 's the only one I 've caught.Perhaps this is evidence that you get what you pay for .
 IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS BOOK , SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME AND WALK INTO ONCOMING TRAFFIC NOW ! I was forced to read this book for my english class . It was terrible ! Sure the plot line , and even some of the characterization was fine , but MY GOD THE DESCRIPTION goes on and on and on and on . Theres almost 4 pages dedicated to describing a building ! If I was given the choice between reading this book , or hitting myself in the head with it for the rest of my life , I would go with the hitting on the head one ... becuase i 'm sure its even less brain-numbing than Hardy 's writing .
 Luckily I have the physical book too so was able to read the missing bit . Suggest you try another kindle version .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 This book is similar to a Dickens novel in that it seeks not to reach perfection , but to please its audience at the time . Like Dickens , it is very dry and filled with hard to believe coincidences that make the story hard to swallow . Still , Hardy paints a very lively , realistic and flowing impression of the English countryside in the early days , before the industrial revolution . I would recommend this only if you are obsessed with Hardy , if you have run out of books to read -LRB- try Fifth Business by Robertson Davies -RRB- or if you are forced to read this as a part of some course .
 The book is essentially a daytime soap opera . Except , none of the characters are likeable.My suggestion
 I began reading this novel since it has such a great reputation as being a `` classic . '' However , after reading well over a hundred pages , the book failed to keep my attention in the least bit . The plot is weak and pathetic , and the characters are too one-dimensional . Although it may pick up later , it certainly is not worth it .
 I read this book for a class , and I am sorry to say that it was a disappointment . It is a silly tale , and totally unrealistic . I can not believe that something like this could be considered a `` classic '' . Mike sure made some dumb choices , and it is unrealistic ! No one could make that many blunders . It was bogged down by unnecessary details , etc. . All-in-all , a 100 % waste . Do n't buy this book . You 've been warned .
 Even though it is free , and I appreciate that , there was about a chapter missing . I would suggest this either be fixed , or the book removed from sale .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge was a very interesting novel . In my opinion Hardy uses too much irony , and this kills the fun of the whole topic . It is true that every day is filled with irony , but it should n't be in somthing someone is reading . the novel also should n't be too predictable , I guess that 's why Hardy likes irony . If you are a reader who likes suspense and tragedy then this book is for you .
 While I absolutely love the four agreements and return to the original book often , I found the companion book to be completely unnecessary . The writing style was poor and rambled in circles , constantly repeating itself . There was no new information at all . I seemed to me to be a way to get a little more money out of the concept - shocking considering the author.I did enjoy the last few pages of personal examples from people who had incorporated the four agreements into their lives.If you have the four agreements original book , you do n't need this one and if you do n't then skip this one and get the original .
 Anecdotal stories without much true insight , and CERTAINLY not the level that some of these reviewers claim . I continue to get the impression that some people suffer from being overly enamoured with the author or the concept of T4A , and thus lose sight of the fact that this book is really a lot of fluffy stuff wrapped around four lines of text . Honestly , the Four Agreements are wonderful points to live by , and I do every day . However , it seems quite bizarre to me that one would need this book -LRB- or any other -RRB- to explain what these four simple sentences mean :1 -RRB- Speak your thoughts clearly2 -RRB- Do n't ASSume3 -RRB- Do n't take things personally4 -RRB- Do your bestFolks , these are NOT hard things to understand , and you definitely do n't need books to figure this stuff out -LRB- well , ok , maybe some of you do :--RRB- . Do yourself a favor . Print out the four points I 've listed above and you 'll save yourself lots of money . Peace .
 I 've never seen new age spirituality as exploitative as Ruiz 's . The `` First Agreement is `` be impeccable with your word '' . Do you think the Toltecs even had a word for impeccable ? They had glyphs , not syllabaries or alphabets . The Toltec empire died out roughly 800 years ago , and the Aztecs and Mayans kept the memory of them alive until the Spanish came . Ruiz would have been much more believable if he claimed to know the secrets of Aztec philosophy . People long for exotic , esoteric spirituality when it seems like traditional religions are n't enough . So , Ruiz comes along to exploit the spiritual and moral insecurities of modern society . He believes he has this `` nagual '' `` eagle knight '' heritage to enlighten peoples ' minds . Did he have this title confirmed on him through through a Toltec or Meso-American chieftan ? No , he just decided he was more enlightened than everyone else because of a car crash with a near death experience . You have to get a kick out of neo-shamans who give themselves self serving spiritual titles to manipulate people and make money . Stay away from this huckster . Better yet , skip over to Carlos Castaneda . At least his work is n't filled with platitudes and self-help garbage . Ruiz is just a big conman . If he were such a great guy , maybe he 'd stick up for the rights of Central American people and try to bring them out of poverty . In other words , he should pay back some of the ancestors of the Toltecs for his blatant exploitation . Instead , he travels the world first class , has a yacht , probably owns a few mansions and homes , maybe a cocaine habit , some prostitutes , who knows . Maybe he puts Jimmy Baker to shame . He even looks far more Spanish than he does Native American like he claims to be . To top it off , he has a , `` belief in the legend of Atlantis ; his belief that the sun entered its sixth age on January 11 , 1992 , which should lead to a new age for humanity '' . Gee , I remember 1992 . Everyone started acting more peaceful . Yeah right . Do n't fall for this guys snake oil . You 're better off going to church . `` Self-Help Book '' is an oxymoron term itself . How are you helping yourself if you 're reading someone else 's writing ? Anyway , stay away from this quack . Learn to think critically . Study various forms of philosophy/social science/humanities/religion or some other subject where the truth is in your interpretation . Not in some hucksters . In other words , stay away from this guys ' works and other New Age bullcrap . Learn to think critically . Take a look at the book `` S '' by John Updike if you 're spending too much money on New Age drivel .
 Whether ancient wisdom or pop psychology - the principles for keeping yourself in good emotional health are essentially the same . The Four Agreements is a restatement of the rules that if we would follow , would lead to happier , healthier lives . ... Our collective pursuit of the answer to that question has made for some very wealthy psychologists and psychaitrists . ...
 This book was suggested reading as if '' THE GREAT SECRET to PERSONAL FREEDOM '' was going to be revealed . It spoke of a self-centered mindset that seemed to suggest that I was to live my life how I wanted and not consider how my actions would affect others around me . A very simplistic and selfish point of view .
 I have the movie version of Dracula 's Dog . I find it hard to believe that this story was actually in book AND movie form ... hum.Anyway , my cousin bought this movie for me as a joke . How funny is it that there was actually a movie made called Dracula 's Dog !? The funniest part is that the movie is supposed to be serious . The movie is soooooooo bad it 's actually entertaining . I just ca n't believe I 'm the first person to review this movie ; has n't everyone been haunted by Dracula 's Dog ?
 I bought this because i wanted to have something to reference when i was getting ready for my wedding . I didnt want to miss anything and figured that a planner would keep me on track.My thoughts
 This book is certainly Reed 's interpretation of Rimbaud . I found his interpretations to be a bit far reaching , and at times absurd . Reed often goes on into his own `` poetic '' rantings and all too often describes what he see 's to be comparisons between his own life and that of Rimbaud . I had to force myself to finish this book . It was very disappointing . Any one interested in Rimbaud would do much better reading - Rimbaud - by Enid Starkie , or - Rimbaud - by Pierre Petitfils . Both are excellent .
 I wanted to like this book , I really did . It 's all artsy and rebellious , possibly like Rimbaud himself . But oh , it is pretentious ! It 's like Reed took a straight-up Rimbaud biography , a lot of half-baked hippie rants , some political and social arguements which would have probably left the real Rimbaud scratching his head , and stuffed it all in a blender . -LRB- Set on puree , dry to a paste , spread it on paper . Voila , this book . -RRB- This is more the author 's screaming than anything relevant to Rimbaud . If you want an artistic representation of Rimbaud 's life , watch `` Total Eclipse '' . If you want a Rimbaud biography , pick any other ; they 're all better than `` Delirium '' .
 This book is a waste of paper . It speaks in terms of generalities that are meaningless . The paragraphs are double spaced and the book is specific to the state of New York . I would n't wipe my you know what with the pages from the book . SAVE YOUR MONEY - DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK !
 This is truthfully worthless books . I had counted at least 20 typos on this book . I also do not like the double space to make this book look volumnious which it is not . It is basically a flyer which is printed in the form of a book . The litigation only contains New York , and that is too outmoded . Truthfully , it was a waste of time and money to buy this book . It creates the impression that the doors to a very secretive knowledge would be open to you but the knowledge given in this book is very basic which I am sure any reader worth their salt attempting to venture into this territory might already knows . Truthfully , I was disappointed to read this book .
 This was a big let down . The text was hard to follow . There were typographical errors everywhere , even on the first page . It looks like it was self-published . And probably self-editing , too . Save your money .
 The title pretty much expresses my feelings about this book . It was incredibly boring . I purchased it because my professor required me to read it . It was literally hours of my life that I will never get back.Totally Lame .
 this book expects you to be an expert at drawing , painting , photoshop.It gives some advice but is really only good for inspiration for someone experiencedI was actually trying to learn how to paint -LRB- had some basics down -RRB- , and this was no use for me.The artist did most of the work in photoshop , and did n't really do a good job explaining how to get the results.Now that I have faster internet , I youtube whenever I want to learn something new . -LRB- Painting , Guitar , Fixing anything -RRB-
 This is Joseph Conrads first novel . It deals with the conflicts between native people -LRB- Malayans -RRB- and Dutch tradesmen in the jungle of Borneo . It has some brilliant passages , but all in all it 's a quite dull read .
 In the story The Witch of Blackbird Pond written by Elizabeth George Speare . There is a girl named Kit . Her parents died when she was vary young and so her grandpa raised her . Her grandpa was a wealthy plantshen owner . After her grandpa died all her grandpas ' money was lost . So she sailed to America to meat and lives with her aunt . On the way there she met a vary nice boy named Nate . He was the captain 's son his mother was on the boat kit and her slept in the same cabin . When She got there they had to make one stop kit went ashore to see what it was alike in America she thought it was a gloomy place . When they were comeing back they brought some more people back with them . On the way were she was going the wind stopped so they were stock there for a little then the wined picked up and they started moving agen . When they got there When they got there she unload 7 bags , every one was stoned about how many bags she had . When she got to her aunts house she told her story and they let her stay . She had to cousins . Finely they gave her chores she thought they were slaves jobs but they did not have eney . She thought the jobs were really hard . She had never done such hard things in her life . After a wile she met a vary wealthy boy . Then she met an old woman that every one thought was a witch but she was not . They met when she was crying in a field and the old women she thought her to her house and helped her with her problems . After a wile she founded out that Nate new her to . After a wile all of the towns teenagers started getting sick and the old women new the remedy . Then the war of 1812 happened .
 In the beginning Kit sails to America to live with her aunt and uncle , from there you follow her through day to day pilgrim life . Kit dislikes the life of the pilgrim ; she finds refuge at the house of an old lady at Blackbird Pond . The book does a great job describing the history of this time period which is probably why it won the award.However , I was seriously disapointed with the story itself.One of the main problems being that there is no plot of which to speak . Kit goes the U.S. , nothing else happens , FINALLY , at long last the story ends . Also , while I 'm sure the author envisioned Kit as a strong willed character , they do not show it very well ; also there really is n't any character development either , unless you count the last three pages.Wondering why I chose to read this if I hated it so much ? I did n't choose , it was assigned for school reading.Oh yeah , there is no actual `` witch '' of Blackbird Pond -LRB- lady , but not witch -RRB- . So , in conclusion , only read this if you want to die of boredom .
 The book `` The Witch Of Blackbird Pond '' was a book that I would n't read again . The author , Elizabeth George Speare , could not get all the details in a way that could keep my attention , or my imagination running wild . Towards the middle the author made kit seem like a beauty queen , she had about three guys wanting to court her , John Holbrook liked her on the ship along with Nathaniel Eaton . When she finally got to Wethersfield there was a guy named William Ashby was courting her and came to her house after seeing her in the Meeting -LRB- church -RRB- and then William asked Kits uncle -LRB- Mathew Wood . -RRB- Although I do not like how magnificent and marvelous the author made Kit Tyler seem , I did like the two characters Prudence and Mercy . Prudence was a little girl that was not allowed to see or speak to Kit Tyler . Prudence 's mother thought that Prudence was a child that was too thick or dense to go to school and learn . Mercy was Kit Tyler 's cousin . She was crippled . Mercy was a sweet girl that taught small children how to read in her kitchen . I would not recommend this book . It is not very well written for young adults for the 21st century .
 This book was one I read in sixth grade and it was dull and slow . Not great and I usually love books about witches for I am very interested in the topic and it is not unusual for I live in Massachusettts and as you know in Salem , Massachusetts was where they hanged witches . But the one flaw in this book was that it was dull and barely talked about Kit meeting up with the witch of blackbird pond and just told about her life basically from the barbadoes and her coming to Conneticut . Second of all the biggest flaw in this book is that the witch hunt took place in Conneticut ! Uh ! Uh ! I do n't think so . Conneticut is definetly not a setting for a witch hunt . That is definetly Massachusetts . You may have heard of witch hunts in Conneticut but a few and Massachusetts is of course the homeland for witch hunts in New England . Sorry Elizabeth George Speare but get your history right !
 I was assassinged this book as a project in the 6th grade . I hardly liked it because it was alittle to old of print and of terms other so do n't read this book if u like to be happy
 I am in college now and i had to take a teST on this book when i was i the seventh grade . At that time i hated the book . i thought it was even more naST than Jhonny Tremain . i just wanted to make a mast on that book . it was so boring i just fell asleep . i would not reccomend this book to anyone and i would tell someone to read The Future of Us instead . i just fealt like making a naST in this book and putting it away so when the next person like juSTice reads it they would see my naST and think the book was naST . what a disappointment
 It 's not worth one star but I must give it something to register my review . So it is with reluctance that I give it one star.If you want to read a historical fiction book that gives our founders an UGLY and untrue stereotype , THIS is the book for you . It is categorized as imaginary and it certainly is . There is no truth to it and does NOT represent the times it writes about . It is a pity that young people are being exposed to `` historical fiction '' like this.The Puritans were `` strict '' people but with loving hearts . They worked hard and had high moral ideals . Their high standards were Bible based . These two facts repulse people today . The Puritans were also well educated people . In fact they had better educations than kids have today ! Puritans were `` prejudiced '' against sinful behavior as we should all be but we are n't in todays society . The oppposite of this is what is endorsed in our society today . Today what is right is wrong and what is wrong is right . You 'll get more of the endorsement of what is wrong is right thourgh reading this book . In the near future , I expect authors like this to be writing about the `` social justice '' of Marxism and having kids and adults LOVE it!As an original source historian , it is clear that this author has no knowledge of the time she writes about and is giving kids and `` adults '' a false view of history . The book is slow and often boring . The plot is predictable once you realize that the author HATES any form of Christianity . The author is adamant in getting across her lowly opinion of Quakers and Puritans.I am also not surprised the academic LEFT loved it and awarded it the Yearling Newberry - it helps trash America 's beginnings and makes them out of be irrational extremists . Unfortunately that is very much in vogue today . So if you have an axe to grind with Christianity , specifically Puritans and Quakers , you 'll love this book ! It will feed your hatred of those Christians . It was very disappointing and definitely very BIASED with UGLY inaccurate sterotypes.Homeschoolers - pass on this . It 's a waste of time . Yes , it 's imaginary all right but using the ugliest of Christian sterotypes to try to keep your attention and hav eyou believe this is how it was in those times - WRONG !
 This book is about some girl from Barbados named Kit Tyler who has to move to Wethersfield , Connecticut . First of all , the characters are the most boring people in the world . The plot stinks . There barely is a plot . I like books where there is a lot of action and the story mountain has bumps along the way . This book , there is no mountain and they just go on flat ground -LRB- just to let you know I 'm being metaphoric here -RRB- and then go up a little hill . The only reason I actually gave this book a star is because the witch trials and where Kit is running away is kind of suspenseful . Just do n't read this book it is n't good .
 A thoughtless and spoiled girl thrusts herself uninvited on her poor relations , then pouts and simmers in hostile resentment over the unintended consequences of her hasty actions . She scorns the virtue and work ethic that give her uncle 's family the edge to survive in their harsh colonial environment , shirking her chores and remaining dispirited . Truly , Kit Tyler is a poor example for graciousness , duty , or manners.Time and again , we see Kit run away from her responsibilities , leaving the bulk of the hard work for her lame-in-one-leg cousin . She is too immature to understand the knife 's edge her newfound community walks , trying to stave off famine . Only the pitched effort of every able-bodied person can ensure that the crops are planted and tended , the clothing is made and mended , the children are taught to read and write and cipher , the harvest is brought in before the frost . These villagers have no buffer ; it is either work now or starve later . Their culture has sprung up as a way to reinforce the discipline and self-control that is needed . Kit is oblivious to these community norms ; even the ones that are explained to her she shrugs off as ridiculous.But all is not lost , because there are outsiders in town , and Kit befriends THEM . The service she performs for Hannah and her patient teaching of Prudence make Kit almost likeable . Almost . The townspeople accuse Kit of witchcraft because of her inability to fit in , and finally she realizes the goodness and decency of her uncle 's family as they try to shield her from the peril she has brought upon herself.Along the way , Kit gains insight into the beauty of simplicity and order . She feels the exhiliration of the seasonal changes in New England . We rejoice over the love she discovers.Happy ending to a silly book . Good vocabulary , and good for conversations about rushing to judgment .
 I thought that the Witch of Blackbird pond was a fairly boring story . Throughout the book there 's not anything very exciting that the characters say or do . I also thought that the ending was too happy . Every character in the book was very happy at the end and i thought that it was too much . I think that if i were to give this book a grade it would be a C - . And also , if you 're going to read this book , I do n't recommend that you should read it if you are under the age of 10 . If you like history , romance , and happy endings , then I very strongly recommend this book for you . Otherwise you will most likely find this book very boring .
 `` The Witch of Blackbird Pond '' is poorly advertised . If you 're expecting a novel filled with accounts of the Salem Witch Trials , like I thought , you 're wrong . It is not until almost 200 pages into the book will the subject be touched upon , and then gingerly dropped . Much of the writing is fillers and dribble ; this book could have been 100 pages shorter . I did n't care for any of the characters , and all of them were typecast . The angry , strict Uncle , the caring , soft-spoken Aunt , two cousins - one being the flirt and one being sweet . And , of course , the outcast niece . I was very disappointed , as I had my sights set on a captivating Salem Witch Trial book . The title is very misleading . I do not recommend .
 This book was ok to me . It dragged on quite a bit but I really liked the ending . I did n't like how it would talk about the same thing for over 3 chapters . It just felt like it was n't my kind of book . However , I liked the last part . The last 5 chapters were probably that only part I liked .
 In this mysterious , crazy , and exciting story , a young orphan girl befriends an old women and faces the consequences.The way the author uses literary devices to set the perfect mood makes this book so good you 'll never want to put it down ! Taking place in the 1600 's tells alot about what it might of looked like . `` I slowly gazedinto the coast , and to my suprise I saw hundreds of boats being docked . `` This gives you a very good idea of what it looked like . `` I 've been for a breeze every morning , just thinking he might be coming up the river . `` This is what Kit feals like when she is waiting for Nat to come.In this book the mood is very inportant . Literary devices are also very inportant . '' The old women seamed to be very quiet , relinquish , and at ease . '' This suspenceful , suprising , and exciting book sort of makes me start to think . `` Maybe there are really witches ?
 The book went very slowly and it did n't get interesting until the last few chapters -LRB- out of alot ! -RRB- I would only recomend it if you like history .
 The Witch of Blackbird Pond was a very different book . I just do n't think it was my kind of book.I guess , it was okay but it was not wonderful . I guess if you 're into olden times , witch hunts , arguments , and `` romance '' I guess it would be fine , but it was n't my favorite book.I 'll just kinda give you a brief telling of what the book is about.It starts out that a girl named Kit is sailing from Barbados which is in the West Indies and is headed to stay with her Aunt and her family in Wethersfield , Connecticut . Then she just is really outof place . She has different customs and just does n't fit in . Her uncle is n't glad she 's there and neither are other important people in the township . It 's kinda just a lot of mishaps and bad things happen to Kit . Then she befriends a `` witch '' . It 's just aboutr her I guess gaining trust and her beginning to fit in.The end was just kinda like `` blah '' . It 's just kinda like Kit falls of the face of the earth , although wshe does live `` happily ever after '' . As most books do unless they 're horrors.I think that i8f you just wanted to relax it was n't a good book to read because you had to thyink about what you were reading . But I guess if you 're uptight and like it in books where it says 't is all the time and thee I guess TWOULD -LRB- he he he -RRB- be good for you . But if you want to go to sleep you could read it . It could be a good bedtime story.If you like the old New England Colony pompousness and stuffiness I think you 'd enjoy this book . I think also if you like to hear about a character struggling through life and pretty much being tortured you 'd very much enjoy it .
 A little bit slow at some points but other than that pretty good . I like the part where mercy is in love with John
 Overall , I was disappointed with this book . I do n't mind long , slow , drawn-out plots as long as they are detailed and developed . By the middle of this book , I wondered when it would get started . By the last quarter of the book , I was still wondering when it would get started . Usually by the end of a book , I feel that I `` know '' the characters . This book left me feeling empty . The characters Judith and Mercy were poorly developed . I was almost finished with the book before I realized the differences and similarities between Judith and Mercy ... I spent most of the book wondering who was who ! As for the witch-hunt -- that was also disappointing . Kit and Hannah were not accused outright of being witches until the last three chapters . Only one chapter in the whole book is entirely devoted to the witch-hunt . Finally , at the end of the book , I was left feeling completely empty with Nat and Kit 's relationship . It just came out of no where . I had a feeling they would get together in the beginning and I wanted to see them together , but I was really disappointed with the events that led up to it . What can I say positive about this book ? It is a good historical fiction of Puritan times and lifestyle . If you are interested in the Puritan ways , you will probably like this book . If you are interested in the witch-hunt or if you want to read a well-developed good book , I would pass on this one .
 I was forced to read this book in school , and although some parts were interesting , the rest was so boring . The ending is good but I struggled to get through the middle
 The Witch of Blackbird PondThe Witch of Blackbird Pond by , Elizabeth George Speare , was a novel that took place in Connecticut , around the 1600 's . It was about a girl named Kit , who lived in Barbados with her grandfather , but goes on a journey on `` The Dolphin '' -LRB- a ship -RRB- to Connecticut to live with her Aunt Rachel . Only Kit does n't tell her aunt that she is coming , because she 's afraid of rejection . When she arrives , Kit meets many people such as
 After purchasing this for our home library , I could n't wait to read it before my children did . I was bored and unenthused throughout the reading . The author made great attempts at historical accuracy , just not enough with character or plot development . The story must have been born of facts first , as the characters just seemed thrown about and inconsistent . Along with the lack of plot , those inconsistencies are what make this a brutal read . I ca n't imagine either of my young avid readers enjoying this book and all its predictabilities .
 witch of blackbird pond is a very well written book . it goes into much depth about certain things , however , i feel that is one of the reasons it is only a 2 star book . this book tells a story about a girl who moves into america before the revolutionary war . she has to saty with her only remaining relatives , who do not share the same points of veiw as she , kit tyler , does . kit is acused of being a witch but in the end can not be proven of her suspected withcraft . this book , yet well described , is streched out over to many pages . a lot of unesscesary things go on that one should not need to know . witch of blackbird pond has no real point to me and is a LONG and DULL book
 I think this book was boring . The only exciting part is the witch hunt . Most of the time they talked about polatics . If they wer n't the were cring over petty grevences such as love . This is why this story was boring . The characters were annoying and obtuse , it was hard reading such a disgusting piece of lititure . Kit was such an unintelligent and snooty creature it was infurating to read about . The women were either self-centered or meek , the thought about love all the time . The men disscussed politics like a change would end the world and the men thought women were dirt . Nat and the cat were the only intellegent creatures . The characthers are just lacking perwsonality and intellegence .
 I did n't like the book so much . The author put to much detail about one person , Kit . I knew all of the background information about Kit and everything she owned . But when Hanna Tupper was introduced I hardly knew anything about her . The author also did n't write in any excitement in the story . Everyone was just plain everyday individuals that did everyday things , like cleaning and spinning wool , making meals , cleaning the house and making clothes . It would have been interesting if the author had put Kit or some other character on an adventure or made it a fiction not a historical fiction . I do n't know anyone who would like to read a book about just everyday , ordinary people , that are living ordinary lives . I want to read a book about some adventure or action .
 Witch Of Black Bird PondWritten by Elizabeth George SpearI did not like the book at all , I mean I liked portions of it but some of the parts were to uppity , and just a little too lackluster for me . Now the characters were a bit electrifying the Author put them I situations were they had a suspenseful yet intriguing . Nat was a bit gloomy he was an old fashioned fellow he was n't as exhilarating as the other characters . Kit to me was a Miss Priss she kinda thought she was better than the others because she had superb attire and she was a Quaker and others were scandalous Puritans in her brain . I actually liked Mercy and Judith they were the sweet petites . I think that there characters had good personalities and were as exciting as my favorite parts on the Witch Trials now they are exclusive . The witch trials gave me a clear big screen view , front and center too . Now back to the whole idea I 'm gon na tell you straight out what I think about the book ... . Okay , I thought the book was old fashioned and boring except the witch trials of course . I thought it was a book my great , great , great , great , great , great grandma 's , great , great , great uncle would read . It was that old style . I do n't think I 'll ever read that book again . Most people would take after their great , great , great , great , great grandma 's , great , great , great uncle . Anyways I hated it , it was feeble the END!BrandyBullinger
 I read this book for school , my sister said it would get better , but it turned out to be the worst book I 've ever read . I rest my case .
 I had to read this book for school -LRB- literery circles , and I made the mistake of picking this think -RRB- I 'm in 8th grade , and I thought this book was rather stupid . The basic plot was fine , but the thing was like a soap opera , where everyone was with the wrong person , and of course , everyone was ever so happy at the end . I would have found this a more enjoyable book if the ending had been Kit marrying Willam , Judith becoming an old maid , and Nat marrying someone else . -LRB- Still John with Mercy though , because they deserve it . -RRB- The reason I gave this two stars is that readers 8-10 would probably enjoy this , but if you 're a teenager or even an older preteen , I would n't recomend it .
 It draged a bit and was a bit boring . I liked the history in it about the early colonies . But still not my type of genre
 This book was semi interesting . I liked certain parts , but compared to other books , this one was too predictible . I prefered the book , Beyond the Burning Time . Not only was it better , it was less predictable and more interesting ! But read the two books for yourself and you can decide !
 I think this book was odd . It never really caught my interest , even though I read the whole book . I guess I just do n't like these mushy historical fiction stories . I 'm the kind of person who likes books that describe the tactics of the battles . I think this book resembled a soap opera .
 I think this book is too boring for kids to read.it is very tedious and continues with the same boring facts over and over for 224 pages in a row and when it finally does get to an ok part it only says 5 words on it.my favorite parts are few and far between.it also has incorrect information.what is the chance of a person from the barbados , which are further south than the bahamas and very close to the equator , having no tan whatsoever and speaking perfect english?I rest my case .
 I HATE this book ! It is so boring ! Basiclly , this girl is moving from some island to Conneticut in the 1600 's , and the storyline basiclly follows all the random boring things she does day to day , even when there could be action , it is still boring . Only read this if you have trouble falling asleep . There is hardly any magic or anything like that at all , as said by the title .
 I am very disapointed that my teacher chose this book for my class to read . I feel it was very dull and boring , with nothing to keep the reader attentive . Throughout the entire book , there were no exciting scenes -LRB- there was one situation where the author could have made an exciting moment , but instead decided to turn it into a section of tasteless humor -RRB- and many of the chapters were about relationships between characters which were not explained enough to be interesting , or the various chores and jobs that the main character , Kit , did.I know there are many readers who enjoyed this book , but I personally do not like books who just tell the lives of someone unless there are some exciting events . Too many of the chapters of this book were wasted on petty happenings such as washing clothes or teaching someone to read . If you are looking for a book with excitement or adventure -LRB- which is what the title implies -RRB- , I do not recommend this .
 This book is boring , but there are some ok parts . Do n't read this book unless you have to . -LRB- ... -RRB- Duh ! Well , just do n't read the book .
 The Which of Blackbird Pond was a very boring book . I almost fell asleep reading it ! The plot was stupid . The charters were lame . This book was all around terribley written .
 Sources have said that Elizabeth George Speare 's book , the witch of black bird pond , is an outstanding and intriguing book . Some were even creative and said that it is a spellbinding novel of suspense and romance . Most said it is a well written and that they enjoyed the way she formed her characters . In my opinion though , all of these book critics have been embellishing the facts.I agree that it was a well written but nothing so outstanding , so intriguing that I would recommend this book for joy reading . It is hard to believe that over 200,000 hard copies alone have been sold . The plot was very typical , because even sheep could guess what the out come would be in almost all the events . How could the wooly animals do this and there be an ounce of suspense with in the cover of Speare 's book.One critic even went as far as to say that the novel was compelling . I wonder if the person making that statement knew that compelling meant
 I strongly erge you to get a life if you like this book . It was boring and i could hardly get through it ... . uuuhhhhhhhh ... i would give it -5 stars but you ca n't . uuuhhhhhh .
 This is the most boring book I have ever read ! Nothing really happens in the end . How could anyone like it ?
 I had to read this for school , and it was hard for me to look at it . There is no action , no humor , no excitement whatsoever . There is a lot of detail , but that is only on one person . All that really happens is the girl , Kit meets a lonely old lady who is nice to her . She is n't even a witch . I say that this is the worst book in the world . I think that it 's like eating pure cocoa . So bitter , bland and boring .
 I think that this book was extremely boring.The book is very slow and has no action . In the first 100 pages there is a boat ride and a slow conversation . Instead of not being able to put the book down I struggled to pick the book up ! I hope to never read it again and only recommend it to anybody who enjoys being bored .
 _ The Witch of Blackbird Pond _ is a very entertaing historical-fiction . The time it took place was during the time when the American colonies were being settled . This book was well written and would be great to read for people who love soap operas . There was not a lot of action in this book and no adventure . At times I did n't even want to read the book and other times I was locked on to it . There is some irony in this book and it can get very exciting . I think a lot of people would enjoy this book very much !!
 The Witch of Blackbird PondWritten by Elizabeth George SpeareThe Witch of Blackbird Pond was a very different book . There were parts in the book than were kind of slow and drug on . I would give this book two stars . Some of the parts that should have been long were very short and not enthralling . One example of this would be the witch trials . I thought that would be thrilling and exciting , but instead it was was short and down to the point . If it would have been more gripping , it would have got a better rate . I did n't like how this book bounced from one spot to another . In some some places you got lost . I did n't like the beginning because it did n't draw me in or keep my attention . She did n't give me much of a physical description of the characters or the setting . The plot was unclear and had many different problems , so it was hard to keep straight what was happening . The ending was a good ending it was probably the best part of the book because everybody got what they wanted . If it would have had more detail and suspense . I enjoyed some of the parts of the books but it could have been a lot better .
 I enjoyed this book mainly because it is a Historical fiction novel . I think this book would be a good reading source for anyone between the ages of 11-13 because it has alot to teach about life in the 1800 's while letting you read a facinating story about a girl and the troubles she goes through after she moves away from her home in Barbados to her uncles home in New England . I think the auther needs some more detail in her writting as to create a more vivid picture of the senery . I think that it would be wonderful if this story could have a sequel to it because like all books it cuts of into ablivion .
 First of all I did not like the book Witch of Blackbird Pond . It 's not that the author did n't try , it 's just that I hated the book . She may have won many awards for many books , but I do n't thing this book desverd any recognition . The book may seem interesting to many others , but it seems like a reason to take a nap to me.It may be because I ca n't stand historical fiction , most of the time , or that I just did n't like the book . I 've read her previous work , and they were very good , but this book just makes her work seem like a joke . I think the book should have a little more excitement before I give it any recogniton .
 This book is very good but it needs some more kids stuff .
 It 's not that this is a poorly written or poorly concieved book . It 's that I have a great deal of trouble believing that anyone like Kit existed in the 1600s . Certainly there were people who were frustrated with society , but ... like this ? WoBP reads like a bad Mary-Sue fanfic . The heroine is too perfect .
 Witch Of Black Bird Pond ReviewWhen I got done reading the book I thought that it was ok . I did n't really like it because it just is n't my kind of book . I usually like more action filled books like hunting books of murder novels , I just think that they are more interesting.The Witch of Black Bird pond was pretty well written . The author did a good job of trying to make it interesting . There are some people that liked the book a lot but I just was n't one of them . I also though that the author wrote the book very correct to history with all of the witch hunt stuff . The author did a good job describing and telling the story . I think that if you like romance with a little bit of action in it this is definitely the book for you.Probably one of the reasons that I did n't like it is because it had a witch in it and I do n't believe in witches . That made it really hard for me to take seriously . I did n't much care for the names of the characters . I thought that they were a little too modern to be in this old of a setting.Overall I did not like this book at all .
 This book was very boring . The characters were not exiting and difinitly not interesting . The book was not badly writin just had a bad plot . The characters like kit had no adventures or exitment . If that is what you are looking for I recomend you get a differnt you get a book . I do not think the characters were very exiting and did not work to make the plot interesting or adventurues . That is why do n't think the book is good . If this book was non-fiction I would have understood .
 This book was horrible.I had to read it but in my own opinion this book really had nothing to do with witches.They only mentioned a few things about withches.For example , when the main character -LCB- Kit -RCB- jumped in the water to save the little girl 's doll , they just mentioned she could get in trouble for swimming.Another example of this would be how Kit was put on trail.They just said she was but it would have made the story a lot more interesting by adding the twist that she was found guilty . The story was actually about how dating worked back in colonial times.The author mentioned that in order to go out with someone that the male had to ask the father 's permission in order to call on the female.An example of this would be when an admirer of Kit -LCB- William Ashby -RCB- asked Kit 's uncle if he could call her out.He did this by sucking up to him then asking him his permission.In conclusion , my once again is that this book has nothing to do with witches or witch craft .
 I read this book when I was in fifth or sixth grade . I 'm sorry to say I hated it . I felt that the book was very dragged on . The story line was okay but I think the book could of been much shorter if it was not so dragged . All in all , I did not favor this book at all .
 I think this book was too drawn out and boring . All of the chapters were the same thing . There was only one chapter that I actually did n't fall asleep on , and that was the climax . I also think the book could have been better if they did n't have the last few chapters . None of it was pertinent to the theme or plot . I think that it was extremly slow because they do n't even get to the plot until the last few chapters . I would not recommend this novel to anyone .
 This book was an overall 1 star book . The quality of the dialogue was horrible because it was very unrealistic . This book was also very boring and drawn out because it did not have a lot of action . The characters , however were very interesting and original . The events were very boring and predictable .
 The Witch of Blackbird Pond , by Elizabeth George Speare , was filled with excitement . The only reason I gave this book 1 star was I always compare it to the French classic Gravybleu . I liked a lot though , more than my usual books ; Hamington Road and the most recent Loolystolu . I loved this book because I sort of learned about America . I am glad I was able to share this to the world ... because this was my only dream ... to share my feelings to American kids !! Thankyou and read it ! : -RRB-
 Mr. Woods clearly believes in courtship as opposed to dating . I must agree with Fr . David 's review in many respects , that the book is mechanical and written from one viewpoint . As a Catholic , I had previously read `` Boy Meets Girl , '' and similar courtship books . As someone over 30 , courtship in its intended form does not work well . Mr. Woods is a bit incorrect ; women were riding -LRB- daytime -RRB- in carriages with men in the 1800s unchaperoned , but usually in the eyes of the community ; dashing Mr. Wilder drove Laura home accompanied for 12 miles each Friday during her semester teaching away from home ... The book is a bit mechanical in its approach , and many families with different issues can still raise good people . The advice given basically sounds like those who do n't marry young are wrong or selfish -- not considering that maybe we were in the military , back in college , etc. and did n't meet anyone with potential . I expect a wife to work until she has children , and then we will make the decision as a family as to what is best ; many women now telecommute , work part-time when their husband can provide childcare , teach college classes online or one evening a week , or run home-based businesses , much like the wife of Proverbs 31 . Kissing waiting until engagement , or even marriage ? -LRB- Well , even Laura kissed after engagement ! -RRB- For the young , with less experience in controlling sexual thoughts , okay , but not in general -- any man of 30 who can not control his lust should be in pastoral counseling . Possibly good for young people with some tips , but it seems too much of a methodology . There are women who occasionally consume strong drink or whose family life or mental health has not always been perfect ; this book seems to discourage giving these young ladies a chance at happiness . This is not the only bias . I am surprised to be so liberal in my view , when I actually prefer the era when women wore a hat outside the home , but I find this book a bit out of touch with the modern man who was not home-schooled or sheltered .
 This is the worst dating book ever for catholics . The author believes that dating should be mechanical and leaves little space for God 's grace and healing.And you are to kiss once you get married not before . Perhaps it 's an american custom as the author is american . Avoid at all costs , it was a waste of money . Better get ` The Question ' rather than this book .
 I am a Catholic Priest and pastor of a small town parish . In all my graduate level studies and pastoral training , I have never before heard such unsound advice as is given in `` The ABC 's of Choosing a Good Wife . '' The book runs contrary to Christian love , acceptance , and tolerance that we should have for one another.It is degrading to women to say they have no place in the career field and should only be at-home moms raising babies . Both the husband and wife have to work in some families to make ends meet . There are many fine families where both husband and wife work , who live good , holy , and fulfilled lives , with well raised children with moral values.Another area of concern that this book proposes is that a couple should not marry without the permission of both sets of parents . The Church in no way requires a person to have his or her parent 's permission to marry.A women 's family background should not be used as a judgment on whether she would make a good wife . Many good people come from broken homes and people can and do rise above their hard situations that they face is life . God 's Grace brings good out of difficult situations.This book is unsound because it proposes a mechanical -LRB- ABC -RRB- method for choosing a wife for life . Love is not mechanical and is not discerned in a multiple choose test fashion . Discernment of a relationship based in love needs to be open to all possibilities allowed be God . One has to follow his heart and the promptings of the Holy Spirit directing his heart . This book fails to teach that along with the acceptance and tolerance Jesus Christ taught us to have for one another .
 There are just too many things wrong with this novel for it to get any positive recommendation . The dialogue is wooden , sometimes laughable . Coincidences and cliches abound in amateurish fashion . Spelling , grammar and syntax cry out for a competent editor.Characterizations are stiff , one dimensional , nonsensical . Among the Confederate pirates , for example , is a French Canadian who calls people , `` Mon ami , '' and even says `` Sacre bleu . '' Why he is there makes no sense at all . He seems to have walked in out of a Bullwinkle cartoon.But worst of all is the shallow understanding of history , of fact , of reality . Granted , a fiction writer can take certain liberties with raw history , but the author of this novel goes off the edge . These errors go from major points to tiny details . The Lake Erie piracy of 1864 , as described in this book , does not remotely resemble , for example , what actually occurred . The `` battle , '' such as it was , took place on Middle Bass Island , not South Bass . John Brown , Jr. had no escaped slaves working for him , and it was he who went to warn officials at Johnson 's Island prison , not a former slave . Co. . K , 130th OVI boys captured were in mufti and had not been sent to Put-in-Bay . They were on the `` Island Queen , '' bound for Toledo to be mustered out after 100 days service . The `` Island Queen , '' so important to the story , was omitted completely . Rowing a boat from Put-in-Bay to Johnson 's Island would have taken many hours , not minutes as the novel implies . It took John Brown , Jr. at least 12 hours to make the journey.Among the tiny details
 I found this book while I was looking for a book of the same title about the stock market crash of 1929 . Based on the glowing reviews posted and the summary of the plot , I decided to go ahead an buy it . I took it on a long airplane flight , greatly looking forward to this `` book you could n't put down '' . I can only say I 'm glad I brought a backup book ! Now I notice that almost all the previous reviews are from Ohio and likely friends and family of the author . If my brother or good friend had written this , I 'd be polite and say nice things too . But it 's definitely not ready for prime time . Amateurish writing , not a strong story , questionble accuracy of history , etc. .
 I have to admit that I have real problems with books that lack editing . This is a case in point . This book is difficult to read because of all the grammatical and spelling errors . Misplaced modifiers abound , too . Perhaps these errors have been corrected in subsequent printing , but at least , the one that I read had multiple errors on nearly every page . By the way , what is with spaces between paragraphs?Living on the North Coast as I do , I understand that people living in Ohio might find the story intriguing because of the subject matter ; however , I found it difficult to enjoy the story because of the stilted conversations and implausible situations .
 WARNING ! the editorial reviews and reader reviews on this page have nothing to do with this book ! puglisi 's text is a hefty phaidon paperback ; the book you buy here is a slim rizzoli hardback . the quadrifolio is actually a set of folded up posters glued into a hard binding . there is a meager introduction , no critical apparatus , no captioning or text describing the paintings , no page numbering , no table of contents , no index . the reproductions themselves are not optimally color balanced , veering sometimes toward green , sometimes toward red . fine if you want it , but do n't expect puglisi 's magnificent volume .
 When I received the Caravaggio book I knew immediately that I was not satisfied . The condition was listed as `` good '' but the binding was ripped . I contacted Amazon immediately and was told to contact the dealer . I was given a number to call but did not reach a person , I left a written request for information about returning this book . I have not heard from them and it has been over a week . I also read a review from a different unsatisfied customer . It was BHFO books and I actually would like some help from Amazon in contacting this dealer and getting my money back .
 The book `` Go away , Dog '' by author Joan L. Nodset and pictures by Paul Meisel is teaching children to mean to dogs . For example , page 5 yells at the dog saying `` Go away , you bad old dog . The author should be teaching kids to be nice to animals . This book should be banded from the children 's book store .
 Having ordered a big pile of My First and Level 1 books for my child , I had chosen this one because ... kids love dogs ! So I figured this would have been one of the favorites . Not so . That award goes toMorris Goes to School -LRB- I Can Read Book 1 -RRB- . I 'm not sure why my child does n't like it as much as others , but here 's why I do n't like it
 If you have access to templates , or internet @ home etc. this book is not useful . I really do n't understand the great reviews here . I think that someone could get the same information by strolling the internet for resume tips . Perhaps the information used on some websites is taken from this book . This is a petite to the point book , which is a plus and a minus because while it provides some advice , it is not useful on a regular basis which is why I refer to gathering the information online for free .
 It 's an interesting story , and he describes the martian flora and fauna very well , but there are some things that are glossed over -LRB- like what happened in the cave -RRB- and the only character that is explored with any depth is Jon Carter .
 I was SO looking forward to renewing my acquaintance with the old-timey but not campy hero John Carter of Mars ... only I sure wo n't be doing it via this Kindle book ! The chapters in this Kindle version are in a totally haphazard order and virtually impossible to follow . Somebody was asleep at the switch or maybe the scanner got tired . I am SO disappointed.I 'm not one to give up , so I 'll find this and the other Barsoom books for Kindle elsewhere here . Better luck next time , Vook classics . I will be waiting for you to fix this so I can try again .
 `` A Princess of Mars '' reads like a superhero comix . John Carter , a warrior on Earth , becomes a super-warrior on Mars because he weighs less there . He conquers aliens , wins the heart of a princess , and fathers an egg with her . As a fantasy for little boys , it 's great . As literature for an adult woman , I 'd give it a miss .
 This is something that 's been on my list for months and I have no idea what it is , it sends me to a non-existent link .
 The John Carter of Mars series of books , by my favorite author of all time , Edgar Rice Burroughs , is his best series.I was so excited to receive the audio version of this book , but when I listened to it , I was hoorified ! John Carter sounded like a wimp . A girly Southerner , not at all the swashbuckling hero I envisioned.Now , maybe I 'm spoiled by the narrators of other books , but even the weakest , most boring readings have not turned me off in the way that John Bolen has.Please Tantor audio , get some one else to read this , and make sure it is a Manly-Man !!
 Virginian John Carter is mysteriously zapped from the Arizona desert to the planet Mars . Adventures ensue.I 'd definitely lump this book into the Fantastic Fiction category . The word `` Mars '' in the title tempted me to think that Burroughs was making an early attempt at sci-fi . However , the location just allowed him to make his technology , character physiology , and sociology more outlandish.The story is colossally silly . If that were it 's only fault I would be more understanding , but the book -LRB- especially the first half -RRB- is quite boring . `` Tarzan of the Apes '' is also quite absurd , but it never becomes boring.My key objection is that Burroughs spends far too much time on anthropological exposition . I could forgive him if the verbose explanations of Martian culture truly added something to the story . They do n't . Admittedly , the book becomes more action-oriented in the second half . Burroughs does have a knack for writing action but unfortunately that 's about all the book has going for it . The book uses a ludicrous plot , uninspired setting and cardboard cutouts for characters.I 'm in my mid 20s and I just read this book for the first time . I have a very strong feeling that I would have enjoyed A Princess of Mars much more if either -LRB- 1 -RRB- I had I been younger when I first read it , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- I had read it closer to its original publication date.Yes , it 's a classic , but from my perspective , that does n't make it a good read . I 'm perfectly happy to read books for mindless entertainment . This one just is n't entertaining . If you want to read it for nostalgic purposes or to gain a historical perspective of sci-fi , go for it . Otherwise , skip it . If you 'd like to try another Burroughs book , read `` Tarzan of the Apes '' . I found it infinitely more entertaining .
 I ENJOYED THE BOOK VERY MUCH . IT WAS WELL SPACED AND EASY FOR AN ELDERLY PERSON TO READ . THE ONLY FAULT I FIND IS I THOUGHT I WOULD RECEIVE THE DUST COVER AS SHOWN IN THE ADD.I TRIED TO BE CAREFUL IN READING THE DESCRIPTION OF THE BOOK AND WAS SURE THAT IT CAME AS IT WAS PICTURED IN THE ADD .
 I had heard a lot of people talking about this classic novel and assumed it must be good ... I was very wrong.The Princess of Mars is a novella that suffers from two main weak points
 I randomly fell upon this book while looking through a recommended reading list and realized the new Disney movie `` John Carter '' is based this book . I generally can not stand to watch a movie before I 've read the book , so I decided to read it.The basic plot -LRB- with no spoilers -RRB- involves a typical heroic character who is mysteriously transported to Mars where he immediately becomes a captive of the first aliens he meets
 This book is a classic but suffers from any of the problems of antiquated sci fi . It is not character driven , but is more about the authors neat fictional idea and the character is more of an after thought .
 Certainly it is interesting to read &#34; A Princess of Mars &#34; from a historical standpoint - it influenced a whole century of scifis that came after . However , exactly because of that - and because of the awkward , convoluted writing style of old times - the book did n't catch much of my attention and was not able to kindle my enthusiasm ...
 This book was average for me . This book just does n't really bring that much excitement to the plate . For me it really lacks adventure . Sure it is about the making of the Atomic Bomb , but half the time it gets off that subject . Half the time the author is telling us about his friend and having barbeques . Of course with all books there is a time where you do want to read on , but it only happens once or twice . It happened once in the middle of the book and once at the end . To sum it up , it really blows during half the story . But one cool thing is that someone dies at the beginning of the story and at the end.This story first takes place in London , England , where Stephen -LSB- the main character -RSB- and his cousin Jackson go up to the roof of their apartment to listen to army radio channels . But this time a bombing takes place and the roof door would n't budge . So they hide . That 's when a bomb hits right near the building ; a chunk of the building falls and Jackson goes with it and dies . So Stephen moves to America where his `` adventure '' begins . I have to tell you though , there is a good twist is at the end , but anyway . So he moves to America to live with his father who is working on a `` project of high importance . '' Then Stephen meets a Russian kid named Alexei and they become close friends . Did I mention there is a cool twist at the end ? Well now you know about the story a bit.Truly though any reader could like this book , its just that I thought it was average . The only type of reader that would n't like this book would be one of those enchanted fairy tail creature types or the type who is obsessed with the `` Warriors '' book . Because , sorry to say , there are no talking cats named Blubber foot or whatever , that act like a bunch of cats and think they can kill anyone . That is basically my review .
 The `` Gadget '' by Paul Zindell is the story about a boy named Stephen . Stephen lived in England with his mother adn his cousin . while ventureing out one night Stephen adn his cousin find then selves in the middle of a bomb attack . Unfortunatly , stephens cousin is killed . Stephen survived.After the attack , Stephen is sent to Los Alamos which is in the states to be with his father . His father is one of the top scientist working on a top secret project , controlled by the goverment . while at the camp army base , Stephen meets a boy about his age . they become good friends and go to seek the answer to the secret gadget.what they find out changed them forever in more than one way . i did n't really like this book because for the fact that it wasnt ' t detailed enough for me and it 's plot was very simple , predictable and common . But one thing I did like about it was that thgere was a lot of historical facts in it ...
 This book was not very interesting at all it did not capture my atention in any way . Although I read the whole book it was very dull there is no paspizazz , action , the details where not realistic . At the begining when steven 's cousin was killed the book became opaque . Because the book started right after the boy was killed . Steven got sent to a military acedamy and was sent to live with his father . Know lets skip to the middle of the book he saw the adam bomb go off . he was in the fire of the bomb why did n't he die . Next the child went to see his friend Alexie who he fins out that he is an undercover spies for the war . Know when Steven was running away from alexie why did n't he have a gun if he has been trained by the army .
 We were trying to get winter of the world by Ken Follet . So when thats avialble I will order it corretly this time . Dave
 About 20 % of this book is worthwhile reading . The other 80 % remains historically inaccurate , mythological , or downright offensive . But I get ahead of myself.In 1940 Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire won the Caldecott medal for their picture book , `` Abraham Lincoln '' . Like many idealized versions of Mr. Lincoln , this book relied on a couple old standbys . Lincoln was born in a log cabin . Lincoln wore a stovepipe hat . Then it adds a couple new myths to the brew . Lincoln apparently was friends with furry woodland creatures . He fought pirates and carried a scar from a fight with them over his left eyebrow . Finally , the book disintegrates into absolute fabrications . Lincoln , according to this text , was rivals with Stephen A. Douglas for the hand of Mary Todd . Not true . He went to war without provocation specifically to free the slaves . Not true . But how much can you blame a story that was written in 1939 ? It 's possible that back then children 's non-fiction books were n't held to the high standards they are today.Entirely aside from the inaccuracy of the text , the story is deeply offensive to African Americans and Native Americans . Here 's a bit of what I mean . As justification for the destruction of the Sauk and Fox tribes -LRB- who merely wanted to raise corn on land that had been taken from the Native Americans thirty years earlier -RRB- the book says : `` His tribe had sold the land to the ` paleface , ' but Black Hawk said
 I wanted to point out that the Abraham Lincoln book by Ingri & Edgar Parin d'Aulaire , though an award winner , was evaluated in 1972 by the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction , as `` not recommended it 's use under any condition . '' p. 28 for racist content . They describe their reasons in a two page detailed analysis of the imagery and text . `` This book does a disservice to Lincoln ad his involvement with Black and Indian people both groups are depicted in the illustrations as `` white mans burden '' . page 27 second paragraph , and `` Blacks are illustrated as rigid figures , their immovable faces a dense , dark impenetrable mass , pierced slightly by two white dots . This is a ghost-like portrayal which will frighten children instead of invoking compassion and understanding for Black people who lived in agony . Still another picture of an Indian shows the `` savage '' image -- he is jumping up and down in perpetual motion . '' p. 28 second paragraph.Have we learned nothing in the last 30 years since it 's review ? Have we learned nothing since its publication 72 years ago?I find it hard to understand how this book can be described as `` fresh '' or `` beautiful '' or anything like that considering the depictions of people in it . Even before I read their review I was horrified by it . This book did n't deserve the award it won then and should be reserved for analysis of `` what not to do '' with children and adults.LibrarianK-12 School
 This book was sold out . after I purchased it I recieved an e-mnail telling me that it was out of stock and I would be refunded my purchase price in five to six weeks . Good News is It took less time to get my refund .
 i ordered this package for my psycology 121 class and it was to be bundled with several other books . the Item never even shipped and the other books came seperately because this item was so slow . i canceled the order and bought the book elsewhere . i do not recommend this seller .
 worst experice ever trying to buy this book for my class . I never received the book in the first place . The seller hardly ever contacted me back . The first time he did was about a week or 2 after i emailed him . I did the a-z gurantee refund . I never seen that money either . I usually purchase all my books here and this time was extremly horrible !
 I still do not have my book and it 's been over 30days . I would like a full refund for what has been charged to my credit card - $ 88.00 immediately . i would not order from this person again ! I only put one star because there was no option for Zero Stars .
 i will never read this again and because i was forced to read it i have nightmares about the text . i was aplled at the sucktitude this book possessed NEVER READ THIS !!!!!!!!!!!
 A friend has this box set , so I borrowed the book `` The Fall of Reach '' . Oh , dear God . I just thought the guy had no clue how to write , so he just slapped togeather a bunch of clich&eacute;s with WAY too much detail into stuff like how the guns are . Some of the things I read really bothered me , by how sick and uncreative they were . Like ... `` Please tell me how to win this game , just this once . '' `` In order to win ... . you must survive ! `` Oh , Christ . What the hell is that ? -LRB- Note , this is n't EXACTLY what was said , but close anyways . -RRB- So then , there 's him blabbing on and on about how their guns are.She used an STS Plasma Warped Super-Charged Ultra-Comlink dual rocket charged bn 16893 12mm vox-chamber link maxed with visor attack blah blah blah blah ... Yeah . So , if you dig that kinda detailed stuffo , and you know a hell of a lot about weapons , mabey you 'd like this . But really , I was dissapointed , lost , and bored . Plus an ending I totally predicted from the first few chapters.Ok , but that 's just one author . There 's still the William Dietz guy . He did really good , nothing bad , nothing special , but I thought his book was very well done . I actually enjoyed that one . And that 's how this got a two star rating .
 With all due respect for the authors , I have to say that these stories -LRB- Stories ! Not novels -RRB- seem to be written by 5th grade students . Yes , the spelling was corrected when the books were published , but the description , dialogue , and overral quality offered is very poor . I 've read some parts of every book and it 's really hard to understand what is going on . It seems as if the writers were really inspired and concentrated on what the text means more than how the text is presented.Don ' t forget the fact that since the books were written by different authors there are many plot holes that make the story very hard to understand and will leave you saying `` But why ... '' . These books were only written to make some quick cash out of the portion of the growing Halo fan base that knew how to read and write.Conclusion
 Just buy the Fall of Reach . It 's a fun read while the other two are big ol' stinky turds .
 I ordered this book with great anticipation . Realizing that basically all is energy , I thought `` electrical nutrition '' sounded like an interesting concept . I found it to contain quite a bit of useful information . The authors discuss the value of eating whole , unprocessed foods , the problems with vegetarianism , the wisdom of limiting carbohydrates , how improper diet can lead to illness , the problems with vaccinations , and much more . Most of this information is n't new , though , and can be found , more ably discussed , in many other books.The problem I had with the book is the way the information was presented . The authors tried to take their `` electrical '' theories and wrap them around the entire work . I found very little , if any , substantiation for their theory . As a matter of fact , I found claims and explanations for simple nutrition that were just plain erroneous . The following quote shows one of the significant errors
 Reviews of the book indicate it to be controversial and courageous in presenting new views . I read the book with the anticipation that it would present new and authentic information having a scientific and verifiable background . I found the book to be largely erroneous based on all standards of nutrition that have a scientific basis verified by population studies , university research or clinical methods that I am familiar with . In my view , statements are made in the book which would not be acceptable in a freshman biology paper . As an example , a bedrock assumption of the book is that the food value of food types is `` the vibratory rate that can be measured in terms of its rotting ability . '' The underpinnings of much of the book rests on the simplistic , gratuitous statements that the vibratory rate -LRB- undefined in any technical or scientific sense -RRB- of foods , and hence , the food value is `` reflected in amount of time it takes for a substance to decay . '' A significant section of the book is devoted to refuting the food value of soy , which is a restatement of a previously published one-sided view of soy products -LRB- Every health newsletter presents the pros and cons of soy products and every one has `` pros '' for tofu and soy products -RRB- . It is not that every aspect of the book is wrong
 I notice that 9 of the reviews are posted by the same person , A Customer . It looks like the author is trying to get a better rating by making up reviews . The book is trash do n't buy it .
 I have been reading books and watching various films on healthy nutrition for well over a year in a very focused way . I can say that I 've almost all the most recent books and films for the past 2-3 years . Unfortunately , I 've become very cautious on the ones coming from the US side , mainly due to the fact that most books and films have strong connections with a commercial setup of some kind
 This book is so filled with bull it will make you want to throw it away as garbage , for example the author 's negative opinion of vaccinations , I viewed an interview of a Vietnamese man who was unable to get a polio vaccine in Vietnam because there was not enough vaccine to give to every child so every other child got it , he did not , and later contracted polio , so go tell him vaccines are bad.The author says jogging produces the same amount of toxins as the up and down movement is removing , then attempts to sell you a rebounder.As a long time jogger I can assure you I receive great health benefits from jogging properly.And it continues with New Age nonsense.Most of the concepts in this book lack scientific credibility and it is just a vehicle to sell you products you do not need , and health services from an unlicensed self proclaimed great healer practicing medicine illegally in his clinic.Who ever said the root cause of disease was the lack of products?As a licensed legal health care provider I suggest that emotiomal trauma , improper eating and lifestyle habits account for most of our problems not the lack of products.Save your money on this one , and go buy the nutrition classic booklet `` Food Combining Made Easy '' by Herbert M. Shelton , or read Dr.Atkins ' books for non-mainstream scientific nutritional facts , both will be life changing reads , and drop all of your resentments and anger and meditate .
 This book is a strange mix of some sound nutritional advice mixed in with a load of pseudo scientific mumbo jumbo.As with most pseudo scientific works , it makes sweeping assertions without bothering to offer any backup.If you are not well versed in either science or nutrition , it 's likely that you wo n't be able to distinguish the good advice from the waffleIf you know even a little about science , you 'll probably get quickly irritated with all the gibberish in this bookIf this is supposed to be a book about good diet , then why the authors take such an anti-vegetarianism hard line is difficult to fathom.It 's virtually an established fact that vegetarian diets and low meat consumption diets are far healthier than the average Western diet.When it 's so apparent that the authors are clueless about science , I guess you ca n't expect any better.My advice is to give this book a miss and read a good book about nutrition.I 'd recommend Patrick Holford 's Optimum Nutrition Bible .
 I do not recommend this book is so unsubstantiated , vague , and unscientifically presented , nothing new .
 I could not finish this book . Unlike the other reviewers , I was not the least bit impressed by the quality of the writing . The dialogue was stilted and the characters were one-dimensional . Save your money . Read Mike Tidwell 's Ponds of Kalambayi if you 're interested in a Peace Corps novel set in Africa . Tidwell 's book is everything that The Road Builder is not .
 I could not finish this book . Unlike the other reviewers , I was not the least bit impressed by the quality of the writing . The dialogue was stilted and the characters were one-dimensional . Save your money . Read Mike Tidwell 's Ponds of Kalambayi if you 're interested in a Peace Corps novel set in Africa . Tidwell 's book is everything that The Road Builder is not .
 I was really disappointed with this book , especially since it was so highly recommended by friends and in general . I guess perhaps when it was written the ideas Fromm expressed were new , or at least the way he expressed them were new , but I ca n't believe that any minimally self-aware person has n't thought about at least 80 to 90 percent of these ideas themselves . Fromm seems to be the typical over-educated , intellectual psychologist/philosopher , who takes a simple idea -LRB- if you do n't know and love and understand yourself and the world around you , you ca n't love another person -RRB- and over-analyzes it , giving historical and biblical examples . Just another 90-odd pages of psychobabble .
 Here is a book that talks about thoery , dinsintergration , and practice of love , but really says nothing . He uses vauge phrases like `` the union of conformity ... is insufficient to pacify the anxiety of seperateness '' Does ' t help a person have a better relationship . Only creates mythical boxes for love such as `` God Love , Brotherly Love , Self Love , and Motherly Love '' which he describes in equally abstract language . Would recommend this book only for college students who need to write a report on love , but not for anyone with an interest in enriching their life .
 I am not able to say that Erich Fromm 's book The Art of Loving really is about the art of loving . The only important message I was able to digest is that loving is something you do , not something which happens to you . I do not follow how this book could be labeled as practical when it does not really contain any program at all , rather , it contains a lot of unwarranted criticism of modern society.The book contains many easy to disprove statements . Also , Fromm does not bother to explain how he came to his conclusions - it 's like a mathematical textbook that contains theorems and claims without any proofs or defitions . In other words , there are not many lines of reasoning to be found . All in all , I am disappointed with the quality of Fromm 's thinking .
 I bought this book for a psych class , my teacher mandated the purchase of this specific book , and at the end of the class I ended up asking my teacher to consider another book to talk about loving . Fromm 's book starts off with good insights into certain relationships -LRB- which is the only reason it got two stars instead of one -RRB- but by chapter three those insights are long since forgotten and replaced with hot air . Fromm tends to take a chapter to say what only needed to be a page or two . He talks in circles after a while and that makes the book unbearable to finish . I would recommend borrowing this book from the library not wasting your money on it .
 this book explores love and what it means . Love is not defined here , and it is merely described . That 's nice , but is narrowly defined as loving everyone and as part of a `` loving personality . '' For some reason , it 's not okay to love say , your girlfriend or your child or your mother more than anyone else ... according to him , we must love everyone . Love is not a personality type just as much as excitement is not a personality type . Love is sometimes exclusive ... is n't that why there is jealousy ? It is a good read and a good text , and offers insight into human nature .
 I remember buying this book in about 1967 ; I 'm revisiting my copy , to see if it had any substantial content . I can remember almost nothing from it - an account of wartime trampling to death ; maybe an account of a patient wasting Fromm 's time . Fromm suggests to me , now , the Frankfurt ` school ' - is the purpose of this book to damage Gentile society ? Then again it might be related to Freud - sexual undercurrents , plus weird voyages into excrement and incest . Or ` Depth psychology ' ? Could it be about traditional love - couples , parents ? Intense love ? Love of country ? Love of tribe ? Love of perhaps art and culture - or just possibly food or football games or the mass media ? Love of cruelty , perhaps ? Love of solitude ? Maybe it 's full of allusions to the ` dysfunctions ' of Americans and Europeans - in 1957 , white Americans and Europeans ? Of course it could be about the maltreatment of Jews - not anyone else , of course ; possibly with emphasis on Germany ? Maybe the book was designed to look like a sex manual , for extra sales ? Or was it perhaps written to make a reputation - publicity handled by the usual types ? Or written to make money ? Or to get a job ? Or as something like how to influence people and win lovers , but in an artistic way?On reopening my copy , I was surprised to find I 'd made notes - it was unindexed - years ago , mostly on authors - Spinoza , Albert Schweitzer , Freud - on Sex , but also ` Civilization and its Discontents ' , Isaac Babel , Weber and Jung , Simone Weil -LRB- a notorious ` survivor ' -RRB- , Calvin -LRB- on the Christian Religion -RRB- and Luther , William James , Meister Eckhart , Maimonides -LRB- of ` The Guide for the Perplexed ' -RRB- , Heraclitus , Hegel , Marx and Aristotle , Marcuse . Non-authored written material includes the Talmud , the Book of Jonah , the ` story of creation ' and the Old Testament , and material on mysticism and Indian beliefs and Zen . Fromm refers to the ` Western Enlightenment ' which * may * I think be a code-word for Jews being allowed more freedoms - the Renaissance and Reformation getting less , or no , attention . Dale Carnegie and Norman Vincent Peale of the strenuous self-improvement types are in there.And there 's quite a bit of unreferenced stuff on India , China , the ` mystic poet Rumi ' and so on , and on earlier cultures , all mostly uncheckable and vague - patriarchal and ` matriarchal ' systems , the function of ` orgies ' , possibly meaning holidays , and so on.It 's strange how little psychological material there is
 I bought this book in a bookstore , so I can not blame Amazon.com for not providing enough information about its content . From the cover I was expecting to learn something about 1 -RRB- the prophet Isaiah -- especially some mysterious , recently unearthed version 2 -RRB- a scientifically critical and rational way to examine prayer , and 3 -RRB- how Gregg Braden managed to create a synthesis of Old Testament prophecy and quantum mechanics . The single star rating should illustrate how far short he has fallen in all of these goals.As near as I can tell , Mr. Braden is a tour guide and a New-Age philosophy advocate . This book represents another way to drum up business ... a new way to attract tourists . Consistent with that perspective , Isaiah only rates a superficial treatment , while his visit to Tibet is treated as a sacred and monumental event in human history . The word `` quantum '' appears throughout the book , but never in a way that suggests Mr. Braden has the background to do more than use it in an occasional sentence . Last , his ideas on prayer being a harmonization of mind , body and feelings is just silly.In short , this book could be of interest to a `` New-Age-Post-Modern wanderer starting out on a spiritual journey . However , for the serious amateur scientist or theologian , this book is of little value .
 After reading the book I was completely disgusted , the author starts by saying that the Essenes knew more about prayer than the bible Even though the bible says the same things as what points to in the dead sea scrolls then he thinks a group of Hindu 's would know even more than the dead sea scrolls say . Though the dead sea scrolls have n't changed in 1,500 years then he makes several extremely obvious errors 1
 This book is pure bull-schtick . First of all , the book 's title is completely misleading . Braden 's research is shoddy & suspicious no matter how ` sincere ' & ` heartfelt ' his voice may sound . I do n't believe for one moment Braden did n't know what he was doing & what his motivation was -LRB- my number 1 guess
 This book is about 2012 end-time predictions rather than actually `` decoding the lost science of prayer and prophecy '' . Just a disappointing read .
 Please do n't waste your money or time on this book . Sure , it might make some people feel good , but it does it at the expense of their brains . In the intro he mentions 325 ad . He is referring to the Council of Nicea - which omitted certain gnostic writings from the Bible - oh , like the one in which Jesus had to remove Mary 's imperfection - so he changed her into a man . The author evidently has a problem with the Council 's actions . I would say more , but it all would be about the same . If you just have to spend your money on something , choose a good charity .
 Casual book browsers who stumble across Braden 's book , `` The Isaiah Effect , '' might undoubtedly be drawn to the implications of the title
 This nonsensical book has precious little to do with Isaiah , making very little mention of Isaiah while dragging the reader from Tibet to Hopis in Arizona . Braden 's baloney name-drops quantum physics , a subject matter that , clearly , he does not begin to understand but does know how to exploit for his mush-minded readers . What Braden also understands is the mindset of so many irrational readers who are positively triggered by words such as `` Decoding , '' `` lost , '' `` science , '' `` prayer , '' and `` prophecy . '' Combining all of these trigger words into one book title evidences Braden 's marketing savvy , attracting the ignorant and the neurotic into a mire of mystery and mishmash . Even the brilliant writings of Carl Sagan do little to educate people away from irrational and pseudoscientific gobbledygook such as is displayed in this silly , silly book .
 This book promised to be rich in the recently discovered secrets of the prophet Isaiah , a scientific explanation of prayer , and `` A Groundbreaking Interpretation of Prayer , Quantum Science , and Prophecy . '' Not!If you break ground with this book do your self a favor - throw it in the hole and cover it up it 's not worth the read.If you want to read about someone else 's personal adventures and their preceived importance then this book is for you !
 I was expecting a more scholarly work based solely on the jacket design . Very nice design . I should have looked at the bibliography instead . I recommend you pick up a copy of `` Horton Hears a Who '' , by Dr. Seuss instead .
 It 's an intriguing concept -- that prayer might allow one to choose one 's reality . It 's not wholly a bogus idea -- Evan Harris Walker explores similar territory in his `` Physics of Consciousness '' , in which he says that it may be possible that one 's will , when properly marshalled , can have effects on quantum events , and , perhaps , events in the macroworld.Braden is not as careful as Walker ; he interprets suggestive research as proving his thesis , even when it does not . Indeed , he breathlessly reports as if modern science was in general agreement with him , which it is decidedly not . I would wager that most scientists would have little sympathy for these ideas.Braden 's idea that prophecies such as that of Isaiah in the Old Testament reveal different possible quantum futures is an interesting idea -- one that Braden does n't really develop fully.Braden also suggests that ancient the Essenes somehow had intuited all of this . To support this thesis , he quotes heavily from Edmond Szekely 's `` Essene Gospel of Peace '' , and infers that it is one of the Dead Sea Scrolls . This is quite false.In truth , the actual Dead Sea Scrolls have a completely different focus and concern -- they are reveal a profoundly apocalyptic mindset , quite unlike Szekely 's `` gospel '' , which most scholars believe the French-Hungarian Szekely wrote himself.It is unfortunate -- Braden seems sincere , and the basic idea of the book is an interesting one -- but his scholarship is so sloppy that it is hard to take him seriously .
 This book has some good concepts and approach to the subject , but the examples have just too many errors , and some errors even cause system exceptions when you run them . Furthermore the author 's web side , which is supposed to keep track of the errata , has no records of any errors reported . I personally sent notice of some errors , but received no response.It is just too frustrating to attempt to learn a subject with examples that do not work , a book that has no support after you purchased it , and the author 's web site does not report or respond to its readers . Find something else .
 I do n't know why one reviewer was so easy on Harrington . This book is just filled with errors . The web site is n't even available anymore . I am weary of these academics writing shoddy books , rife with errors , and then not even posting errata . STAY AWAY from this work .
 This book was not what I expected . The author spends much valuable time describing his personal trials and tribulations with the Russian `` system '' rather than explaining the what , how , where , and gory details of biological warfare . If you are looking for an exciting read , pass on this one ... I did read the whole thing and I can guarantee it will put you to sleep every time you pick it up !
 Every now and then I find a review somewhere else in cyberspace that I wish was posted on Amazon.com . Here is one from the ACCU.org website . `` Reviewed by Silvia de Beer in Overload OL37 -LRB- May 2000 -RRB- This book has not taught me anything new . I can not think who the intended audience would be . In the preface the author claims you need to be thoroughly familiar with the relational database model and that you do not need a background in the OO paradigm.Part one , a hundred pages of theory , explains the OO data model . UML is shortly mentioned , but throughout the rest of the book ER models are used . The quality of some of the models is doubtful , as inheritance seems overvalued . Normal associations , like delegation or other forms , are not mentioned as an alternative . I do not know why this book has OO Database design in the title , because hardly any specifics about this topic can be found in the book.The equivalent of SQL for OO databases is ODL and OQL , but it is stated ' A discussion of OQL is beyond the scope of this book ' . So what is in the scope of the book?Part two , two hundred pages , consists of three case studies . It contains many pages on useless company descriptions . The OO database design is based on the relational model , copied from the book Relational Database Design by the same author . Some tables are slightly objectified , but this is all that is done . There is no design , just repetitive code listings , of which the book contains no less than hundred pages.I can not recommend this book , you better read a good OO introduction and find another source for OO databases . `` I could n't have said it better . My reccomendation is some other guide . You might want to look at `` Introduction to Object-Oriented Databases '' by Won Kim or better yet , just go learn to do Object Oriented Analysis and Design using UML from the `` UML Distilled '' book , then -LRB- and only then -RRB- create am Object Persistance Model from the UML design.Devin .
 If you do n't already know and understand the basic object terminology explained in this book , you probably do n't need to start with a book on object databases . I would also read the reviews of this author 's other books . They are mostly very bad . This author seems to write more book than anyone could write and do a good job - even if they wrote fulltime - much less if they taught college as this author claims to . This book is probably not worth the money or your time .
 I thought this book was pretty much a waste of time . A good friend of mine who is a practitioner of Chinese medicine recommended the book to me because he knows I 'm a runner . He told me a little bit of what the book talks about before I bought it . Honestly , I got more out of that conversation about the book than I got out of the book itself . Turns out , I already practice `` chi-running . '' The basic idea is to be aware of your breathing and your body while you run and work on having good form . Yeah , thanks , I learned that in high school cross country , except without the unnecessary baggage of eastern philosophy that Dreyer packages with the obvious running advice he gives .
 I do think the author has a valid message . Too many runners run without enough attention to their form . Unfortunately the book is overflowing with self-reported testimonials litered throughout . The constant repetition of what the author perceives to be core messages will insult your intelligence . It caused me great pain to try to avoid skipping entire pages for fear of missing an important message . The author is trying to sell way too hard , which makes for an unpleasurable reading experience . It left me with an aftertaste of having read an infomercial for a DVD , website and training courses . My recommendation to the autor
 Have not finished book yet but already getting tired of author plugging his DVD . Plug it at the end of the book but spare us from mentioning it multiple times in the book .
 This video is fine if you are looking for help with form and stretching exercises . I was hoping for more about the `` chi '' of running , and `` chi '' in general . I love the bits I have read about Chi Running , but I wish this was a video of the material in the book . Then maybe I would n't feel guilty when I see the book on my shelf -LRB- mostly -RRB- unread . I 'm hoping there will be an audio version in the future .
 Review of the audio bookThe Good
 I am a running coach and had heard all the hype about this book so I felt compelled to buy it . At the end of the day , the information was not nearly as useful or revolutionary as the hype suggests . What it is , is merely a copy cat of `` Pose running '' with Ti-Chi attached.Now I do n't have a problem with Ti-Chi , I just think it was the `` juice '' to sensationalize a system of running that is already in play . Well written , not much to argue with , I just was hoping for a bit more unique factor from the author which I did not find .
 The timing of the first publication of ChiRunning is important . Dr. Romanov , a Russian sports scientist and Olympic coach , published `` Pose Running '' in 2002 -LRB- he had been teaching the technique in clinics and on DVD 's for years before that -RRB- . Dreyer 's 2004 `` ChiRunning '' technique is not far from being a dead ringer for the technique published two years earlier by Romanov . Hence , the claim that ChiRunning is a `` ground breaking '' technique is , quite simply , false -LRB- Romanov himself began by analyzing the techniques of world class runners , and so he does n't boast of being a ground breaker -RRB- . If a book begins with false claims , buyer beware . Dreyer has tweaked Romanov 's technique in a couple of important ways . Romanov advocates landing on the ball of the foot , while Dreyer advocates landing on the midfoot . Dreyer does n't , however , explain what the `` midfoot '' is . Is it the arch of the foot ? If so , how does one land first on the arch of the foot ? The toes , ball , or heel of the foot have a nasty habit of preventing an arch-first strike unless the runner lands on the outside of the foot -LRB- known as `` supination '' -RRB- or the inside of the foot -LRB- `` pronation '' -RRB- , which not even Dreyer recommends . Or when Dreyer refers to the midfoot , does he really just mean the ball of the foot ? If so , he is once again plagiarizing Romanov . A `` certified '' ChiRunning instructor has an online video and tries to deal with this embarrassing ambiguity by explaining that landing on the midfoot is really just another way of describing landing on the `` whole '' foot simultaneously . If so , why did n't Dreyer just say so about something as important as how the foot strikes the ground while running ? It would n't be the most efficient way to run , but at least there would be some clarity about what is being recommended in a 320 page book that is long on fluff and short on practical detail -LRB- an online video of Dreyer running in a race , as opposed to the carefully staged photos in the book , shows him landing heel first -RRB- . ChiRunning also omits a critical element of the Romanov technique that is critical to learning to run in an efficient way -LRB- I tried Dreyer 's method before happening upon Romanov 's book and am hence speaking from personal experience -RRB- . Romanov 's book includes extensive , easy to understand and follow drills to learn how to run correctly . ChiRunning , on the other hand , devotes only a few pages to recommendations such as rotating your pelvis from your `` pivot point ; '' i.e. , the T12-L1 vertebral level of the spine . The T12-L1 vertebral level is not a Tai Chi concept . And try looking anywhere to find support from a doctor , physical therapist , professor of anatomy , or anyone other than Mr. Dreyer that the pelvis rotates from one particular part of the spine or that T12-L1 plays a unique and `` pivotal '' role in the spine , let alone pelvic rotation . Dreyer , a carpenter , does n't provide any references for his claim . And even if such a pivot point existed , his recommendation would be useless . When spine surgeons perform surgery , they use X-rays to count the spinal vertebrae to make sure they are operating at the correct level . If a spine surgeon needs an X-ray to be confident of being at a particular spinal level even though the surgeon can look at an anesthetized patient 's naked back and feel the vertebrae , what chance does an ordinary runner have of concentrating on one out of 17 thoracic and lumbar vertebral levels that the runner ca n't see or feel ? If you are mistakenly concentrating on rotating your pelvis from one level above or below T12-L1 , is that going to set you back because your mental gaze has missed the `` pivot '' point ? Dreyer has another exercise in which you place fingers near your collarbone and on your lower back to `` lengthen '' your spine . If a spine could be lengthened so simply , there would be millions of kids aspiring to life in the NBA walking around with their fingers on their collarbones and lower backs trying to lengthen their spines . What Dreyer recommends is just a gimmick for adjusting a person 's posture , and it has no practical value for running . If you doubt that , try running the same distance with and without `` lengthening '' your spine before you set out -LRB- not even Dreyer recommends the lengthening procedure while running -RRB- and compare your times and exertion levels . I mention these examples because they expose Dreyer 's utter lack of expertise or even basic understanding regarding the anatomy and mechanics of the human body -LRB- he talks at one point about the medial meniscus tendon ; he probably means the medial collateral ligament , because there is no medial meniscus tendon , but with Dreyer you never know -RRB- . In 2002 Terry Laughlin , a swimming coach , published a fine book on swimming that includes several yoga concepts -LRB- Laughlin had been conducting clinics for years prior to that -RRB- . Dreyer admits that he tried , in part , to pattern ChiRunning after Laughlin 's approach . That included starting ChiRunning clinics and copying various words and phrases Laughlin uses in his book , such as `` effortless '' and using different `` gears . '' Is it possible that Dreyer read Romanov 's highly technical , detailed Pose Running , read Laughlin 's practical swimming book that includes yoga references , and decided that he could market Romanov 's technique by sprinkling in some Tai Chi -LRB- if you want to learn Tai Chi , you will need to look elsewhere than ChiRunning -RRB- and claiming it as Dreyer 's own revolutionary and ground breaking method ? If so , it appears to have been a highly profitable marketing ploy and expropriation of another person 's work . But buyer beware . And beware the many five star reviews . There are marketing companies that will write positive reviews for products . There are also a lot of `` certified '' ChiRunning instructors and this is , after all , big business , not a revolutionary new way of running .
 I guess I 'm in the minority because I 've had very mixed results . I took a chi running clinic in December and PR 'd in a half marathon about five week later , by 18 minutes . I felt like I was having a running renaissance at age 44 , but that only lasted another few weeks . Since then , I 've been plagued by injuries . At this point , calf injuries have kept me from running for about 2.5 months , which makes no sense as the chi running books -LRB- and I have both of them -RRB- claim that you do n't use your calf muscles with the method . That did n't make much sense to me when I read it , and it certainly does n't now . So I guess my advice is not to expect a miracle cure and recognize that some of the advice and statements in these books make little sense from a medical standpoint -- perhaps because the authors have no medical training . That said , I 've been to plenty of sports docs and physical therapists over the years , and they were n't very helpful , either .
 I have read the reviews of this book and am impressed with how generous most reviewers have been . There are lots of reviews throwing down a 5-star vote and making little comment on the book itself , so do n't let the star power sway you too much.One of the hurdles I experienced with the book was Dreyer 's charlatanesque pitchmanship . I would prefer if he put out his ideas and let us judge them . Instead , you will be bombarded with testimonials and self-praise from the author.Some of his `` science '' is just painful . Maybe he 's trying to be funny when he says , `` People admit that they intentionally taught themselves to breathe slowly so no one would know how out of shape they were they were ; meanwhile they were killing zillions of brain cells to look good . '' - Really , braindeath from altering your breathing rythm?There 's a well-informed reviewer who cites Dreyer 's confusion or at least lack of specificity when he talks about hip-flexors powering running . The kinetics of running are more complicated than that . Regardless of body lean and balance point , you 're going to have to activate other muscles to keep your leg from collapsing.So the science is n't spot-on . Regrettably the discussion of Chi is n't terribly solid either , as other reviewers have noted.These complaints unfortunately overshadow what I think is some good theory on being mindful of your body and evaluating your running form . Mr. Dreyer has apparently experienced some success as a runner and his techniques appear to have helped quite a few people . I do resent that he tries to lump everything that is n't `` Chi Running '' as `` Power Running '' . Ultimately , I feel that Dreyer 's book is a preachy rehash of ideas that can be found better explained elsewhere . It feels like the eastern medicine is thrown in to sensationalize things a bit . I 'm glad to have read it , but wo n't be keeping it in my running library .
 Filled with a bunch of Chi Shmmee mystical crap . Lots of BS filler to make it to the publisher 's page quota . I can summarize this book 's running advice for you in two words . LEAN FORWARD.Don ' t waist your money .
 After reading the many positive reviews and endorsements for this book , I anticipated something more thorough and more polished . The book is highly repetitive -LRB- the same amount of material might easily have been covered in 40 pages -RRB- , it lacks organization , the author invents words which have no meaning -LRB- `` instate '' as a verb , anyone ? -RRB- , and the typeset is HORRIBLE.The author has some good ideas . Let 's hear them ... coherently .
 `` ChiRunning '' is not a new idea . This running method has beendescribed and advocated by Dr.Nicholas Romanov since 1977 as a pose method of running . Visit his website ; -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is very annoying to see the description of `` ChiRunning '' a revolutionary idea by simply attaching `` Chi '' to the pose method -LSB- ... -RSB- . `` Chi '' part of this book is very superficial .
 The author claims he runs 30 miles , effortlessly . I suppose that gives him some credentials . But I do not think he truly understands how muscles work , or physics , for that matter . The parts of the book that did make sense were repeated so many times , I was bored with it . Relax , good posture , core strength all sounded like common sense to me . I do n't buy the idea of your core creating a coil for your tendons and ligaments to do the work . Muscles do the work and SHOULD ! But I kept an open mind . What do I know ? I 'm just a certified personal trainer . He studied with a tai chi master
 I enjoy reading on my Kindle , I would rather have all of my reading content on it . I like seeing new titles come out on it , so I was very pleased to see this book that I looked at availble . Until I saw that it was more than if I ordered the paper back.What are the publishers thinking ? Does their greed know no bounds ? They have no print set up or fees , no storage fees , no shipping fees and yet they are going to raise the price up for the same digital copy that they sent to the press ? Did they somehow grab the music industry 's winning PR notebook?While I want this book I am not supporting the publishing company 's short-sighted and greedy take on what they think a digital copy should cost . Amazon had it right when they launched the Kindle $ 9.99 for hot sellers , yeah I can get behind that but I ca n't get behind what the publishers strong armed Amazon into .
 ... then get Programmed to Run by Miller or Efficient Running by Cady . One has a PhD in exercise science and the other has a Master 's degree in physical therapy . No spiritual advice , just sound physics , research , and observations of elite runners .
 I bought the book with a lot of expectations and I was disappointed . The author keeps on sayng trivial statements as if they were his own discovery . Not a very useful book .
 This review is for the sample only . The sample for kindle eddition only gives you a bunch of reviews and the table of content . One can NOT decide if the writers style or apporach is any good from this . It is more like getting a sales letter instead of a sample . I for one will Not waste my money without being able to review some of the actual book which MAY actually be good or even great but how could we tell ?
 The Audio CD is `` abridged '' . What a joke ! It is only a bit over 3 hours of audio on 3 cd 's . It appears the author talks about Chi Running rather than reading from the book.If you have the ability to read and are interested in the book , buy the book instead.Listening to this is like listening the the author give a speech about chi running or an informative podcast about Chi Running . It 's interesting and informative , but it is n't listening to the book as written . In fact , I ca n't believe this counts as an audio `` book '' .
 I have been a barefoot runner since 2005 , at which time I re-learned how to correctly run using my awareness and the teachings of numerous sources . I have read Danny Dryer 's ChiRunning book and watched his ChiRunning DVD . I have also studied The Pose Running Technique on DVD and the workbook . In addition , I have experience practicing Qi Gong -LRB- Chi Kung -RRB- , meditation , and yoga . I have also studied anatomy , posture , The Alexander Technique , and Rolfing Structural Integration . My partner is also a Chinese Medicine professional and Acupuncturist . So basically , I know a thing or two in this field ... In light of the acclaim that Danny Dryer is receiving for his ChiRunning technique , there are some critical errors and marketing misperceptions that I feel should be addressed . I base these insights on my own personal experience and my extensive research into natural running techniques and chi energy .1 . This book does not at all use the chi -LRB- qi -RRB- energy for running . Dryer teaches a method of using gravity to encourage the body to move through space . After reading and watching Dryer 's published material , it is clear to me that he uses the term `` chi '' as a marketing strategy . All things eastern - yoga , tai chi , etc - are hot selling points these days . Yes , Dryer states that he has practiced Qi Gong under a teacher . However , nowhere in the DVD or book does he teach about the movement of chi the body , its pathways or its functions . Dryer should have title his technique `` Gravity Running '' instead .2 . Dryer combines a commonly misunderstood Pilates technique -LRB- tightening the core -RRB- , claming it to be engaging the `` hara '' or `` dan tien / tan tien '' . While the dan tien is the chi energy center below the navel , never are core muscles used when working with this center . Tightening any muscles will take a person 's awareness away from the energy and into the muscular contraction sensation . Contracting muscles may create heat which is often believed to be chi by many beginners , however heat and chi are very different.In the original Pilates technique , as taught by Joseph Pilates , only the largest , deepest muscles of the core are `` engaged '' not tightened . This is more akin to placing the awareness in the core while using only the softest tension . Most people misunderstand Pilates and tighten the abdominal muscles which then causes improper posture . Watching the ChiRunning DVD and observing Danny Dryer 's posture , it is clear that his posture is far from ideal . Improper core tension and running technique could possibly be the cause of this , however other causes could also exist .3 . Dryer teaches to tighten the core muscle to tilt the pelvis . This lengthens the lower back , thus straightening the spine and removing the natural curve . By straightening the natural curve , the natural spring in the spine is removed leading to possible spine injury . Watching the DVD clearly shows the postural flaw caused by this unnatural movement . I am very suprised to see the noticably poor posture that Dryer and his students showed in this instructional video.Also , by tightening the core muscles , excess tension is created in the body that will interfere with the body 's natural movement . By creating tension in the core , the entire body is adversely affected because the core is the body 's center of gravity and the psoas muscles in the deep core extend into the legs and upper back and ribs . Tension in the core will also restrict the rig cage 's ability to expand sufficiently to allow proper oxygen in the lungs .4 . Landing on the middle of the foot works against the anatomy of the foot . The arch of the foot acts like a rubber band that allows the foot to spring forward when running on the ball and toes . Running with the middle of the foot first causes the ball and head to hit at the same time , causes jarring sensations in the foot , ankle , and leg.As seen in the photos in the book and in the DVD video , Dryer wears modern full cushion running shoes that elevate the heal . Ask any expert in anatomy and/or Olympic-level running will teach , these shoes are injuries waiting to happen . A person can only get an accurate anatomical running experience by learning to run barefoot . Barefoot running quickly shows us how to correctly run . We can then return to running in shoes in a safer , more natural and more energy efficient way .5 . Danny Dryer encourages the runner to tilt the body forward , taking the work off of the muscles and letting gravity act as a source of propulsion . Yes , this does work . However this style of running does not make effective use of the muscles and creates a very awkward experience that does not feel natural . Observe the running style of the world 's greatest Olympic athletes and you will see all long distance runners stand erect while landing on the ball and toes of the feet . -- If you have read this far into my review , you may be left looking for a solution . My best recommendation is to read the book Running Fast and Injury Free by Gordon Pirie . Pirie has held many world records and Olympic medals . He is one of few runners who , in my opinion , has perfected the art of running . His principles are based upon a lifetime of learning from top Olympic runners and beating nearly all of them or their records . Since age 14 , Pirie ran with Olympic record holders . In addition , Dr. Nicholas Romanov 's Pose Method of Running contains value insights into the physiology of running.Above all else , since most of us grew up in shoes , we must re-teach ourselves to walk and run as the body 's design intends . We must learn to move barefoot . Even if we choose to run every race in shoes , learning to run while barefoot is a necessary part of the process . So find a soft stretch of dirt , sand , grass , sidewalk or road and get started . Skip 99.9 % of the theory and get back to the reality of running . Use your mind to observe your body and make corrections as you go . And above all else - have fun !
 this book starts out with a great premise -- that by learning to run more efficiently you can avoid injury and run longer and faster . I am sure danny dreyer is good at teaching people how to do so in his courses but this book didnt get me there.the main problems with this book are its poor organization and poor presentation of ideas . its organized more like a set of notes than a manual , and despite its short length , contains a lot of long winded passages that do n't impart much information . really the book should have been broken into a series of lessons and exercises in chapter format , but halfway through the book he just dumps the entire technique on you . this technique consists mostly of pointers about the alignment of various parts of your body , which isnt that useful unless you plan on video taping yourself.he also presents a one-size-fits-all explanation that does n't take into account the fact that different people have very different bodies . for instance , his technique presupposes that you have an anteriorly-tilted pelvis . if , like me and many other people , you have a posteriorly-tilted pelvis -LRB- you tuck your tail instead of sticking your butt out -RRB- , some of the advice in this book is counterproductive .
 Listened to this on audiobook , and I feel like the whole thing could have been done in an hour . He repeats the same phrases over and over , and makes unnecessary belabored examples , as if trying to make the book as cliche as possible ... Body , mind , spirit , balance , chi , energy , core ... it sounds as if its designed to be an infomercial.Maybe this book is intended for new runners , but as a runner for over 30 years , it annoyed me to no end . Others have commented on this hypermarketing too . His advertisements for chi walking and chi living underscore his goal to make a brand . He uses the phrase `` Chi running '' at least 30 times in the first audiobook section , a phrase which essentially didnt exist until he created it , with no explaination of what it actually is until later . Long term runners beware .
 In ChiRunning -LRB- and its other marketing permutations , including workshops -RRB- Dreyer advocates a running technique that is used by many world-class runners . It has to do with particular physical postures while running such as a forward lean . Dreyer did n't develop the technique nor was he the first to write about it . But to his credit , he did recognize that the technique works and adopted it in his own running . However , Dreyer was undoubtedly confronted with a challenge when he sat down to write his first book - how does a woodworker -LRB- his vocation for 15 years -RRB- who began running ultra-marathons as an adult sell books and workshops on running in a culture that wants to know what your credentials are ? The answer is add a pinch of Eastern mysticism -LRB- Tai Chi -RRB- and voila , ChiRunning ! Understand that the running technique that Dreyer advocates did not arise out of Tai Chi . Rather , Dreyer resorts to referring to a Tai Chi master he bumped into while running as someone who is supportive of the running technique Dreyer advocates . Dreyer -LRB- and many others before him -RRB- already used the technique ; this particular Tai Chi master has now also given his benediction . In fairness to Dreyer , he does use Tai Chi principles -LRB- such as `` going with the flow '' and `` the path of least resistance '' -RRB- in his mental and spiritual approach to running . But these principles are separable from the running technique . You do n't , for example , need to `` tap into your Chi '' to begin running with a forward lean . Not surprisingly , Dreyer 's explanations for why the technique works are a hodge podge . Lacking a background in physiology , anatomy , biomechanics , or physics , his explanations of the mechanics of running movements are , at best , amateurish . As a result , the reader is confronted with absurd section headings such as `` The stages of learning effortless , injury free running . '' The most technically efficient runner in the world expends plenty of effort while running -LRB- and trains accordingly -RRB- . And even Dreyer admits he took 3 and years to prepare for his first ultra-marathon . In these instances Eastern mysticism serves as a smokescreen for Dreyer 's lack of expertise regarding the fundamental physical forces and principles at work while a person runs . The book is also woefully short on drills for implementing the changes most runners will have to make to implement the physical techniques Dreyer recommends . As anyone who has ever participated in a sport knows , learning even basic techniques requires concerted effort and practice . Dreyer 's short list of drills includes such admonitions as concentrating on rotating your pelvis from the T12/L1 spinal column level -LRB- ever tried that one ? -RRB- and to have someone shout at you to `` Stop Running ! '' to make you mindful of how you move when you are trying to move fast but ca n't run . ChiRunning will introduce you to a more efficient technique for running . But if you want to have a substantially similar technique explained by someone who actually knows about the mechanics of running and has a more systematic program for incorporating recommended changes , I would recommend Dr. Nicholas Romanov 's Pose Method of Running . Romanov is a Russian trained sports scientist who has coached Olympic athletes and has the sports and running expertise Dreyer lacks .
 I checked this book out from my local La Leche League . I 'm surprised they still have this book available . Being nearly twenty years old , maybe some of my problems are with it being outdated . However , my main gripe is that it is very condescending and judgmental . Instead of just informing you on different options -LRB- none of which would work for me and only one or so that would apply well to a full time job -RRB- this book presents a certain ideal and if the job arrangements do not fit that ideal , they 're not good arrangements and you are n't a good mother . If you want helpful , non-opinionated advice , this is not the book for you . Currently I 'm reading `` The Working Mother 's Guide to Life '' which seems much more friendly and helpful .
 A fast read , has some helpful teaching points and very general commentary on japanese society . Seems a bit outdated too , at least my 1992 edition does . A lot of time spent covering things you could easily look up on the web . If you are going to Japan through JET , you will have heard a lot of this stuff by the time you get to Japan . Definitely check this out in a bookstore before buying , probably give it a pass .
 it was the worst book i ever bought it wasnt worth the mone
 Very boring weak book . Guess you ca n't judge a book by its cover eh ?
 I mean really , Howl-O-Ween ? I can not imagine someone dumb enough to name a fantasy horror this , A children 's book , maybe . This book could actually take you months to read , all due to complete boredom . The story is lousy , and is not helped the writing . I can only imagine a ninth grade creative writing project turning out worse than this . If you need a horror fix , look ANYWHERE else . I picked this up on a whim at a ` just a buck ' store , and I would like my money back .
 A lot of work clearly went into this book , but not a lot of information . If you 're looking for info , some of the web references are the wrong addresses , the book is about 220 pages -LRB- double spaced -RRB- with about 100 pages that are reprints of `` checklists '' - i.e. , does your child prefer to be warm or cool when studying ? There are references to other people 's work -LRB- admittedly there 's not a lot out there -RRB- but it seems only anecdotal original work , most of which is repeated numerous times and is generally the same girl identical twins . For those of you out there looking for answers , they 're not in this book .
 I purchased this book to help me with ideas for homeschooling my children . This book is the longest in my collection but it is the least informative . The first 100 pages or so deride the current efforts of public schools , yet offer little advice except `` turn off the television '' and `` read to your children '' . The most interesting and helpful information in the book was taken directly from the Core Curriculum Series , which is a useful resource for parents who want to ensure that their child is receiving a good education . This book is preachy and redundant .
 ` Parental involvement ' is the core of Bennett et al. 's proposed solution to the problems arising from the neosocialist take-over of education which has focused teachers ' attention obsessively on minorities . With a remorseless insistence that only 664 pages can supply , the authors set out a programme of parental activism so daunting that no ambitious parent could complain that the authors ' inspiration ever failed . No advice for parents and children is too trite to be abjured by the authors : `` Every morning you must send him off to school with a good night 's sleep , a decent breakfast and a positive attitude towards learning . '' `` Good penmanship requires discipline ... we urge you to work on neatness and legibility with your child at home . '' `` Call out vocabulary words , spelling words , or math facts to your child . `` Children and their teachers must be constantly monitored , hectored , rewarded and punished - the children by TV-deprivation and school principals by protests and demonstrations from angry parents . Repeatedly , ambitious parents are advised to ` spend a few minutes each day ' reading to their child , listening to their child , talking with their child , improving diction , visiting public libraries , mastering computing , going out on the Net , revising drafts of the child 's homework , sitting in on classes , harrying teachers , writing to the school principal or organizing parent groups . Altogether , the book offers some 1,000 advices to anxious parents as to how to fill gaps in their days , and some 500 ways of detecting failures in their children 's schools . The `` minutes '' add up to a massive investment
 This book is advocating an elitist and pointless view of education . Bennett , has missed the core issues of what it means to be an educated person , especially in our every widening -LRB- global -RRB- society . Bennett advocates a people who are full of facts and `` trivia '' knowledge rather than pushing students to be critical thinkers who can solve problems , read with intelligence , and interact with the world from a stance of tolerance and intelligence . There is no `` yard stick '' that can measure intelligence . What rubbish . This book is designed to shame parents rather then educate anyone . Do n't waste your time .
 The Educated Child
 I found this book frustrating . I read it cover to cover and found this depressing rather than empowering . If you are not aware of the problems of public schools then this is a good book to read to learn of the issues . I wish all parents who utilize the public school system were concerned enough about their children 's education to read a book about the subject.This book is intended to fill parents in on what the authors think kids today should be learning in public school . Then there is a comparison and complaint as to what is really going on . There is not much in the current state of the American public education system these authors like . Poor SAT scores and other standardized tests are cited as proof of a failing system . There is no negative discussion of the pitfalls and problems with standardized tests despite there being lots of information on this subject in other places-standardized tests are held in high esteem by these authors as proof that learning has taken place.This book fully outlines all the things the authors feel are problems in the schools , from what they call `` bad teachers '' to what make up `` bad schools '' and their opinions about bad methods of teaching and curriculum . The author 's conservative views and anti-multiculturalism views are very clear . The authors want to go back to basics and feel that rote memorization and drill are not only vital to a good education but character building . One thing that I am still wondering after reading this book is , back in `` the good old days '' of learning the basics by rote memorization and drill , do we have any statistics such as test scores or graduation rates to prove those methods actually work ? I believe the answer is that standardized tests were not being done ` back then ' and that we know graduation rates from high school were very low although that is never discussed in this book . They do n't compare apples to apples here in that regard . They are quick to cite research where it fits their agenda , such as trying to prove `` the new math '' has resulted in lower math standardized test scores . They never translate for us parents what `` the new math '' is or when it came into existence . They reference bad curriculum such as ` discovery ' methods of teaching math and science but do n't get into enough detail so we can form our own opinions . This is very much about the author 's opinions and directly trying to impose their views on the parent . It is not about offering options or remaining neutral with regard to opinion and letting the reader come to their own conclusions.The authors prod and prod the parents to monitor what is going on in the schools , to go to the classrooms to see what is going on . They urge parents to `` get involved '' . They say parents should investigate teachers and make sure their child gets in the classroom of the `` good teachers '' . When they are done saying parents should harangue the administrators , later contradict themselves and say to not prod the administrators too much to change classes , etc. and to not cause the administrators too much trouble . They also acknowledge that if all the kids were with the `` good '' teachers no one would be with the `` bad '' teachers . How about that for depressing ? Also they take teachers out of some of the blame game when they say that poor discipline due to lack of good parenting is the cause of some of the problems in school . As you may have guessed this book does a lot of finger pointing and plays the blame game.Something else the authors seem to neglect mentioning is that what goes on in one class vs. another class in same grade of same school can be very different . Right now I know of classes where one teacher is using drill and another is using puppets and songs to teach the letters of the alphabet , both Kindergarten classes in the same school . How can we label what is a `` bad school '' when there is so much inconsistency ? Furthermore , they like to label `` bad school '' -- tell me this , if the grade is `` bad '' in reading but `` good '' in math , does that make a good school or a bad school ? If one grade is `` good '' but another `` bad '' how do we label that school?The authors give a skimming of what should be covered in each grade . This is not original material , it is acknowledged as being from the books of E.D. Hirsh , the core curriculum books `` What Your X Grader Should Know '' . They say over and over to go to those references for more detailed and complete outlines of what each child should learn in each grade . Then what bothers me is they say there is a 3-year leeway there , that what is recommended for 3rd grade may be covered in 2nd , 3rd , or 4th . How is a parent to keep up with every grade that Hirsh recommends with this 3-year leeway ? I also have a personal problem of so much labeling of opinion of what every person should know . There is no room left for the child to spend more time in their own studies . For example they feel all 1st grades should know Aesop 's Fables but what about if the child is a dinosaur buff and is read adult level books on dinosaurs ? The authors complain of a lack of teaching history in chronological order and ask the parents to somehow add in this curriculum at home . Seems like overkill to me , to do an entire chronological history at home plus do different segments of history and social studies at school.And if the school is a `` bad school '' they say to either use their `` free choice '' to change schools . There is no voucher system in America ! There is no free choice to select the public school of choice ! They recommend private schools but caution that not all of them are good plus they seem not to realize that many people ca n't afford private schools . They suggest moving as an option to get into a different public school .
 A reasonable read . Good story line although I expected it to be about captain cochrane himself . Worth a look at .
 This is a deceptive book . * It promises an outline of the history of Ethics `` from the Homeric age to the Twentieth Century '' , that is , with a perspective wider than the one usually limited to great `` canonical '' philosophers and oriented to a narrow readership.But the result is definitely disappointing . * I really disliked this book , and can not recommend it . * Before posting this comment , I took time to read observations of other readers , to check if my impression was shared.Most of them complain about very poor style -LRB- `` the book is poorly written '' - Panjack -RRB- , `` poor structure '' and `` poor content '' -LRB- J. de Lijster - `` patchy historical survey '' - Fiske -RRB- , excessive focusing -LRB- `` Beginners will find this a difficult book to work through '' - Panjack -RRB- , abuse of modern perspective to judge -LRB- and not to present in a impartial way -RRB- very different attitudes -LRB- `` He frequently announces arguments that he does not work out , and he sets out lines that end in the mist '' - J. de Lijster -RRB- and in the end excessive brevity -LRB- `` He tries to cover too much ground too quickly '' - Fiske -RRB- resulting in approximation and confusion.Given these remarks , it is amazing the average vote is still so high , even taking account of the fame and respect that professor MacIntyre can command by the fame of his other works . * This essay is flawed under all the aspects under which you can look at . * If the style is gray and dull , and certainly not welcoming the reader , the argument has been developed very poorly.I 'm still perplexed at how could professor MacIntyre truly believed to be able to reduce about 3.000 years of history of Ethics in about 250 pages ! * The most annoying feature is the deceptiveness of the title
 This series is my first experience reading Moorcock . I am usually an avid reader , but I kept finding myself making excuses to do anything except get back to this book . The characters lack sympathy and depth . There are plenty of battles , but the plot stringing them together feels stale and sketchy . I 'll probably finish the series out of sheer stubbornness , but I would n't recommend this book or the series to someone who is not already a fan of the author .
 At least it has the saving grace of being short . Our two heroes wander aimlessly from adventure to adventure in a series of dull vignettes .
 The quality of the materials was very disappointing , also parts of the orignal book were deleted . This was especially bad because it was for a gift . Further , I will not ever have any item gift wrapped . It was pretty cheesy .
 In preparing for a trip to Greece , I decided to read some novelsof Greek origin . I think perhaps this book is too dated toget the feel of present day Greece , at least for those areas where I will be going , but that was not the big problem . The book is about a self-absorbed lecherous hedonist -LRB- am I being redundant here ? -RRB- that for the most part is utterly boring . One of Zorba 's oft repeated ideas is that , while he did n't believe in God , if such an entity did exist the only reason why he would condemn a man to hell was if the man did not bed all the womenwho wanted bedding . And of course , there was the assumption -LRB- repeated ad nauseum -RRB- that woman 's primary source of joy andsolace is to be bedded . I do n't know about God , but this woman would be more likely to condemn a man to hell if he did n't help out around the house . Self-proclaimed `` God 's gifts to women '' are nearly as boring in literature as they are in real life . The advantage ofthe literary type is that you can get rid of them in a moment 's notice by just closing the book.The reason for the 2nd star is for the fact that the author doeshave some literary talent .
 I happen to think this is an awful book . Zorba is irritatingly larger than life , yet one-dimensional . The narrator is shallow and immature . I did not think the structure and writing to be very good either.However , looking at some of the reviews , many higher ratings went coincided with admiration of a zest for life , unbound enthusiasm , empathy for indulgence in food , music and sex , and a readiness to forgive blatant sexism , quasi-philosophy , and Taliban-style clan justice . Lower ratings were not as easy to connect , but many less positive reviewers had a more jaded look on life , did not suffer fools gladly , and would not spend a lot of time with either Zorba , the narrator , or the murderers of a suspect widow.In the interest of disclosure , I am a 62 year old hetero European male , and I would find spending time with the narrator cruel and unusual punishment , but I could possibly get to like Zorba , on condition he 'd shut up , and play the santuri .
 I would n't go so far as to call it brilliant . Zorba is a refreshing and likeable character , but at times i felt that he was a bit too preachy , his dialogue a bit overly pedantic . The story to me felt a bit too long and choppy , with not much of a plot . But there are a few interesting and beautiful moments that reminds us to enjoy life to the fullest . Like I said , not a brilliant book , but pretty good nonetheless .
 I received this book as a gift from a friend who raved about it . I gave it an honest try , but I found this book unreadable . Maybe it 's the translation from the original Greek text , but the sentence structure was very hard to follow . That being said , I found Zorba to be the type of person I would actively avoid spending any time with . Longwinded , drunken , sexist , and generally unpleasant . The narrator was annoying in his hero worship of Zorba , also . This book gave me a headache , and made my temples throb . I only gave it one star because Amazon does n't allow negative stars . I found it to be awful .
 I was delighted to get a copy at last.It started of fairly well , getting realy hard to read toward the end.Being such a long time hunter in the African bush I wondered why he could not fill the book with his exciting experiences.Which I am hoping he must have plenty . One thing I must mention here I am sure John Taylor is a proffessional butthroughout this book I am greatly disturbed abouth his continiues comments good and bad about the other great elephant hunters.I personaly think that , it takes a lot away from this book and its reading pleasure .
 Ulysses S. Grant was a complex , fascinating personality who led a dramatic , multi-faceted rollercoaster of a life . Why has n't anyone been able to write a decent novel about the guy ? `` Ulysses '' accomplishes a near-impossible feat
 Fans of `` Bad Girl Creek '' , be forewarned - you wo n't spend much quality time with the Girls -LRB- Phoebe , Ness , Beryl and Nance -RRB- here . Mapson 's quirky , multi-dimensional characters from her previous novel are little more than minor supporting players in `` Along Came Mary '' . Touted as a sequel , it 's mainly the back story of Rotten Rick , who was briefly mentioned in BGC as Nance 's loathsome ex , and Mary Madigan , a talented but underacheiving drifter mourning the loss of her twin sister in the Oklahoma City bombing several years earlier . The two meet after Rick loses his dead end job at a music magazine and Mary Madigan -LRB- Maddy -RRB- ditches her loser boyfriend . They team up as road trip partners , as Rick pursues a career as a journalist , and Maddy tries to make a living singing on the open mike bar circuit , and form an odd relationship as lovers , but not quite friends . Exploring the dynamics of this unlikely pairing might have made for a good story if either Rick or Maddy were interesting or likeable characters . However , Rick was dull and Maddy was irritating -LRB- I was ready to throw the book across the room the next time she said the word `` feck '' -RRB- and I never grew to like either one of them enough to care about what became of their relationship.In sharp contrast to the Rick/Maddy storyline were the chapters -LRB- sadly , very few -RRB- written from original Bad Girl Phoebe 's point of view . My heart broke for Phoebe 's loss of her first and only love , Juan . Her grief and her anger towards their unborn child were painfully realistic , but tempered by the love of the other Bad Girls as they rallied around to support her . It is in these few chapters , and a few journal entries written by Beryl , that we glimpse the spirit of the original book . However , the lack of any real focus on the other Girls -LRB- a subplot about about Nance 's eating disorder is reduced to a few pages here and there , and there is virtually nothing of Ness -RRB- keeps this from being a true follow up to their story.Maddy and Rick are briefly brought together with the Girls through a chance meeting with Beryl . The unlikely friendship that sparks between them leads to Beryl urging Maddy to head out to Bad Girl Creek . Aha , one thinks , so Maddy will become the new Bad Girl . Nope ! The new roommate hinted at in BGC does n't appear until the very end . She , like the original four , promises to be a fascinating , multi-layered character - unfortunately , we do n't see much of her before the focus jumps back to the tired Rick and Maddy saga.The chapters focusing on Phoebe give us a tantalizing hint of what a real sequel to BGC could have been , and earns the book the two stars of my rating . Stars are lost by the sheer disappointment caused by the near abandonment of my beloved Girls in favor of the boring Rick and Maddy . Here 's hoping the third installment , `` Goodbye Earl '' , will return to true Bad Girl form .
 Better than the previous one -LRB- `` Body in the Basement '' -RRB- -- Faith is just more interesting than Pix -- but Page went back to the whole Faith and Tom do n't seem to like their kids and should n't be parents thing , which is annoying . Faith is also a bit snobby.Note
 I like Faith Fairchild , but the author really missed on this one . It was boring . It had a weaak plot . There was little to figure out . Try another one .
 I 'm OK with paying for eBooks . I bought this one , but was so distracted by multiple scan-induced typographical artifacts that I requested -LRB- and received -RRB- a refund about two-thirds of the way through the book . Free eBooks force me to tolerate some typos , as those books are done by volunteers and not for profit . But , an $ 8 Kindle Book sold by Amazon should be free of such nuisances . This one was n't , and I 'm basing this review solely on the poor quality of the eBook itself , not the content or theme of this book . It 's a shame to hype the Kindle format while simultaneously selling a sub-standard version of that very format !
 I struggled with this book from the very beginning . I look at all the 5 star reviews and wonder what is wrong with me but the book was boring and never went anywhere . I found myself wading through a lot of unnecessary verbiage that only made it all go that much slower . And the story itself did n't grab me as being worth the read . Maybe I 'm too impatient and want the writer to get to the point and have a little excitement , but I did n't find it as one of Lewis ' better books even though it is touted as that . I 'm not a great fan of Greek mythology and often struggle with Lewis ' writing so the combination of these two did me in from the beginning . His writing did n't help me `` see '' what was happening , nor why . I guess I do n't appreciate what the world calls `` great '' writing .
 Maybe it was because I did n't know the story of Cupid and Psyche before I read the book - but I was not overly moved by this book . I especially did not enjoy Part II , when I just kept wondering , what the heck is going on ??? Thank goodness that Lewis included the summary of the traditional myth at the end - it might be helpful to read this part first .
 This book is extremely hard/boring to read . If it were n't for the fact my book club decided on this book for December , I would have given up a long time ago on it .
 I received this book in late December , months after I ordered it and long after I needed it . I contacted the seller and received no reply .
 Boring , snoring , not in the least alluring ... obvious , sophomoric and terribly uninteresting ... Oh yes , and did I mention tedious ? I 'm sorry , but this book was torture from beginning to end -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- . With a background in both Classics and Religion -LRB- to some degree -RRB- I very much looked forward to reading this book & liking it . There is just something about CSL 's writing -LRB- s -RRB- that does not resonate with me , and I can not say exactly what . I 've read other works by him & felt much the same way afterwards . Perserverance is not always a good or noble thing I suppose , as the time spent reading this book could have been better used in more enlightening pursuits.Similar sentiments have been expressed to much greater effect -LRB- for me -RRB- in a number ofplaces ... from the Bible to the classics to poetry , music , opera etc. * JTQ
 I read this book as an Honors English assignment earlier this year . At first , it seemed like a brief respite from the dense and monotonous novels we had read earlier . However , upon further reading , I found that this book was the worst one that I have read throughout the course . My primary complaint on this book is that the story of Cupid and Psyche was almost left out . Instead , the protagonist , the cliche , jealous ugly duckling that never becomes a beautiful swan , narrates her trials and tribulations against the gods that have plagued her . In fact , most of the Cupid and Psyche myth is removed until the end of the book , where it is told with no descriptive language or immagery . The rest of the book is the protagonist whining about her life with an overly symbolic , pretensous and confusing resolution and an absent climax . If you do n't aprreciate literature and entertainment at all , this book is for you . But if you love to read entertaining and thought provoking works of literature , DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!
 Sadly , and with great disapointment . If i am honest i will have to say that this is the most boring and awful book i have ever read . Like the last commenter i had to put it down well before the end . the title should read `` a truely boring book `` i am an avid reader . I love the classics . but this has nothing in common with the real myth and the book is distressing . i found myself wanting to slash my wrists because it was such an awful and boring hysterical book that never takes off . I kept reading because of the comments of other readers . However i could not carry on and had to put this book down . I dont think i have ever read such a boring and moronic text .
 I have read many of Lewis ' books and this one outdoes the power of Perelandra . other reviews will give you some of that flavor . The content is five stars ; the Kindle edition is so sloppily done that it goes past a mere annoyance to sometimes interfering with what CSL was communicating . Needs a proofreader and a re-release available free to previous purchasers -LRB- like me -RRB- .
 Up until now , I have never been disappointed in a book by C.S. Lewis
 i liked her first book witch
 i liked her first book witch
 I would like to think that I am always supportive of Australian talent , but in this case I am not . This book is highly impractical in the main . I mean really , who could devote 7 days to working on a magickal new self . It 's a lovely idea , but just so self-centred . The amount of money you would have to spend to fossick around for all the bits and pieces she says you need , urgh you 'd need a lie down after that . Ok so she sort of redeems herself at the end with a small section on what to do if you do n't have the time , but it 's a token chapter.The other thing is that most of the text appears to have been borrowed form her other publications , and the picture on the front , whilst very cutesy , she is a pretty lass after all , is a real-turn off to a serious Wiccan practitioner.Sorry Fiona , not a great buy or unique read .
 I order alot of merchandise from Amazon . But will have real reservations about doing so again . This product I did not realize was not from Amazon and so difficult to return I said lesson learned and kept it . But I will think long and hard about using Amazon again . This product was marked with a sticker that said $ 0.75 I was charged $ 3 something and then $ 3 something for delivery and that was suppose to be free . So I paid $ 7 dollars for a $ .075 book . Not happy next Christmas I will just hit the stores and remember this expierence . Before I told friends Amozon is great so guick and easy , now I say watch out what you are getting some things are a real rip off .
 While the pictures are cute , the signs are not well presented . Hand positions are not correct for most of the signs . As someone who works with children with special needs and uses signs all the time , I purchased this book to be a fun addition to my sutdents ' library . Once I received the book and saw how few signs were included and how poor the signs were , I would neither use it with children or recommend it to parents
 I am the radio communications broadcast fans , I want to reference or informations about this . If you dont pardon I want the books of reference news broadcaster Radio or TV
 The saddest part of reading this book is that the protagonist puts down unoriginal phrasing -LRB- i.e. , cliche -RRB- while the book relies on a lot of it . It was a bit difficult to take , reading a character abhor bad writing , given the plodding , tiresome writing style of the author . It was too bad because the outline of the story is actually very interesting and with some time and effort could have been a very good novel . In this case , however , the heroine becomes more unattractive as a wife and friend the more you get to know her . She goes to a divorce therapy group but she really needs private psychotherapy . She is the kind of self-absorbed manic-depressive control freak that one never knows what one might say that will be upsetting for her . Because of this , her friendships in the book and her love interests do n't ring true , since she is not the type of person who would normally attract a lot of friends as easily as this character does . Also , the family interactions ring false . If it were n't for the divorce survival group sessions , the book would have failed completely , but since they were from the perspective of a workshop leader they give a thread of honesty to the mostly superficial human interactions outside the therapy group . It 's almost like she was borrowing from a best-seller from the 90s , Rachel 's Holiday by Marion Keyes -LRB- which actually was a great book about going to group therapy and the interactions actually ring true -RRB- but just did n't understand how to do it right .
 Planning a trip to both of these wonderful places and was tickled to see a book with both in the title . Unfortunately , the book was just strange ramblings and I never could find a point .
 This edition of ` Mont-Saint-Michel and Chartres ' was unsatisfactory to me.The book 's preface -LRB- a lead-in to the first chapter -RRB- was entirely omitted . The book had no index . The table of contents had no chapter titles . I was giving it as a gift and had to create them myself . These post-modern facsimile editions need such things . My recent purchase of another of Henry Adams ' books , Chapters of Erie , has such essential supportive material and was totally satisfactory . If it is omitted , your promotional listing should say so .
 This review is ONLY for the edition noted above . Most editions of this book are facsimiles of earlier editions . You can download the book from google for free . Exact same text and layout . I ordered this item -LRB- the ASIN 1604241438 version -RRB- twice at $ 4.96 -LRB- I see now its about $ 15 -RRB- and both times the cover arrived rather bent . The reprint is worth 5 dollars , because it is just a bound version of the PDF you could download from google .
 This book was printed in response to my order , i.e. , on demand , and the type chosen was so small I did not even attempt to read it . There were no illustrations.I subsequently bought a used copy of the paperback edition which included a brilliant preface , the illustrations , and an exponentially easier format.I threw away the copy purchased from Amazon.Probably my only truly disappointing encounter with Amazon .
 I have never seen such a lousy printing . Indeed , we received our copy on 31 January 2012 -- and saw that it had been printed on 27 January 2012 . It is impossible to read . The print size is worthy of an opthamologist 's chart to determine just how small a size print it is possible for the human eye to read . I do not know how Amazon can even think of selling such a copy of what is a great book . I purchased the book as a gift -- I am ashamed to present it .
 This long-awaited follow up to the 4.5 Resource Kit has been a great disappointment . -LRB- Do n't take my word for it - go look at the comments in the SBS2000 newsgroup -RRB- I 'm not into denigrating other people 's work , but this book really does n't have any plus points.To be brief
 As an Independant Consultant and Solution Provider , Small Business Server was an ideal candidate to add to our arsenal services being offered to our small business owners . To support it we would need some quality technical resources available to us to continue to provide high quality support and I was hoping the Resource Kit would do it . I was complete let down by it 's lack of in-depth technical information and seemingly lack of direction . It is nothing more than a product overview . Thumbs down on this one !
 I have finished this book with only 2.5 days.I feel very disapointed because this book mainly tell you what the features are avaliable in the Small Business Server 2000 . This book has n't tell you how to use them , how to deploy them.The style of the book is many titles in a chapter , but there is only a few words talking the title.I feel that the author is saying like `` There is Remote Access Service with SBS 2000 . Then bye bye . `` This book is too details for manager/decision maker , but not enough for administrator , so I do n't know what this book for .
 I was expecting something similar to Office 2000 Resource Kit , a very good resource . but instead this book is not at all helpful for anyone who has never installed a server product before or been exposed to network issue decisions . Luckily I come from a Unix/Linux background and could understand the jargon and over emphasized subjects covered in this book . Active Directory is nothing more then an overblown address book -LRB- however , it is most useful -RRB- it 's coverage is overdone in my opinion . Save your money and use the Server help documentation that comes with the product .
 I did not find the book to be very helpful at all . It 's confusing , seems to have no direction . As an SBS consultant , I was not at all happy with this book . It offered me no genine insight .
 This book was a real disappointment . I wanted something with the ins and outs , the pitfalls and must do 's . This was an overview of features in MS SBS 2K . No thanks . I 'll read that on the web . This book goes back !
 This book has no substance at all . It lists features but explains just about nothing you may be trying to research . The book feels like a collection of headlines -LRB- including oversize fonts to fill the pages -RRB- . Whenever you think you may be approaching an answer , it refers to the ominous `` technology consultant '' . Even Microsoft 's sales literature is significantly more useful than this `` Resource Kit '' . Do n't buy it even if you ca n't find anything else . At a minimum , make sure your book seller has a no-questions-asked return policy .
 This book is absolutely useless . It only provided information normally found in a sales brouchure . There was no technical content . It only told you what you could do with SBS , not actually how to do it .
 This is a book laden with the falsely technical jargon of theory . There may be worthwhile ideas here hidden beneath layers of obscurantist prose , but the game did not seem worth the candle ,
 Among other weaknesses , it was clear that the author did n't know San Francisco very well . That should have been a warning ! Too many cliches , not enough depth at all - this could have been a rich disturbing story , instead it was one dimensional and rather juvenile . Dissapointing
 This books sucks . Mind you , there are over 350,000 aspiring actors . The majority of them have been told and rehearsed on how beautiful and talented they are.Only 10 new actors are `` broken in '' each year . This book sucks .
 I heard so much about this book but it has so little . Pseudo-intellectual language , undeveloped characters , a few nice parts . Not at all what I expected , and not particularly sexy .
 Well , it starts out well . The conceit of email sex is skillfully done . In fact , the sexy emails are the only good thing about this book , and when the author unwisely moves away from them , about mid-way through the book , the entire thing falls flat . Aside from the emails , the book is filled with unbelievable characters engaging in anatomically dubious acts described in trite sentences - over and over and over and over . By the end the book has degenerated into a mash of plot-driven pseudo S&M. ; Other people 's reactions to this book are proof positive that the genitals and the brain are not connected .
 This book is deliberately obscure pretentious drivel . If anyone tells you how profound it is -- run quickly in the opposite direction . It is simply behaviorism -LRB- Ryle 's concept of mind is a much better book embodying similar ideas -RRB- with a pseudo-hip patina of bad coffee-house poetry pasted on.Academic philosophy is only now beginning to recover from this wooly-headed bit of nonsense.Buy it for the laughs you can get by contemplating how much academic ink was spilled over the latter half of the twentieth century trying to make sense out of this peurile idiocy.Fear that they were somehow missing the ` awesomely profound truths ' buried -LRB- who knows where -RRB- in this pablum , had otherwise intelligent philosophers actually afraid to talk about consciousness FOR ALMOST THIRTY YEARS out of fear that Dan Dennett or some other pseudo-intellectual-Wittgensteinian would start jabbering on about beetle boxes to them.Along with BEING AND TIME , and the complete works J. Derrida , this book was the greatest intellectual fraud of the 20th century.There was some decent philosophy done in the 20th century , much of it analytic in character , but this is n't it .
 I was disappointed in this book . I am searching for a book that is equally as awesome as ' A Virtuous Woman ' , but it looks like Kaye Gibbons is n't going to give it to us . In this book the women are survivors because they have to be . I was disappointed in the cold , compassionless character of Charlie Kate . Her character shined through her words and actions
 I was vastly disappointed with this novel . I had read and admired `` Ellen Foster '' and was optimistic when `` Charms '' was selected by my book club . Unfortunately , the plot was facile , superficial , and unbelievable -- a fairytale with pretensions to reality . The characters were stereotypes , drawn with the broadest brushtrokes , with no remotely `` human '' qualities . What qualities they did have were repellent , a trio of do-gooders with no compassion for human failings other than their own . In short , I found this novel insultingly smug and sanctimonious , the kind of novel that gives Southern literature a bad name .
 What a desappointment ! As soon as I finished reading Ellen Foster , I was hungry for another book by Gibson . I am sorry to say Charms of the Easy Life did not give any insight of teh characters , they are treated very sketchy , I could not have any feelings for any of them -LRB- I adored and admired little old Ellen -RRB- . This book is boring , boring , boring .
 This book started off well and you really got a feel for this wonderful and special older woman who was a healer and the central character . As the book progressed it became a struggle to read because of the other characters and their inter-relationships . It simply never came together for me.I have , however , enjoyed other Kaye Gibbons books .
 I read this book for a book group and was quite dissapointed . It is on the high school reading list in my town and I thought I 'd enjoy it because the town English coordinator who makes up the required and recommended reading lists is a nice man , but I was upset by the characters -LRB- except Charlie-Kate -RRB- , plot , and even the details of the story . I 'm not oohing and ahhing over it . You do n't need to read it if you do n't have to . I hope that by the time I get to high school it 's off the list of required reading .
 I had to read this book for my school 's reading list . It was by far the worst book that I have ever read . There was no plot at all . All of my friends also thought that it was bad . Even some of my friend 's parents thought so too !! My final word is DONT READ IT !!
 I think the subject says enough . I 'm sure I 'd love it if I did n't have to read it for school . I only dislike this book because I have to write an in-class essay for it tommorrow . it 's too annoying and i hate the point of view because it 's something to be discussed . I 'm ure I 'd love A Seperate Peace if I did n't have to write an analysis of Finny and Gene 's relationship . damn school .
 Weak characters all around , but most especially Gibbons ' portrayal of men . Plot had potential ... but it never went anywhere worthwhile . Next .
 Not being a woman , or a midwife , or a semi-witch , or a southerner , I 'm sure I missed something about this book . It was n't necessarily bad - I can appreciate the craftsmanship of the text - it just really did n't speak to me on a personal level . Still , not a bad read for a rainy afternoon .
 This story is more than a little farfetched -- quirky unlicensed but sought-after physician grandmother enlightened enough -LRB- in the U.S. South , in the 1940s and 1950s -RRB- to give abortions and do CPR on colored folk -- silly mom -- plain young girl who has no exposure to males in any form or at any age , who suddenly falls in love with a rich privileged handsome guy with curable war wounds . It instantly blended into a dozen or so such chick-lit feel-good southern stories I 've read over the past decade or so , and like them left not a trace on my brain or imagination .
 The main thing that made me rate this 1 star is that there are no / good / characters , for whom I could really cheer.There are a few characters who are completely bad and are shown as such , but there are other characters who are the `` good guys '' yet their whole focus is revenge , so that they murder some people and steal from others . Richard deceives people so that he can steal their ship and seems to be confused on such matters as loyalty and truth . He does choose not to kill his arch enemy -LRB- despite that person 's many wicked deeds -RRB- , but at other times he kills people merely because they seem to be a danger to him . Once it is called into question whether this is right or not , but the characters are distracted and turn to other matters . Richard does repent of some of the things he has done , when he realizes that it can not be remedied -LRB- that was my favorite part of the book -RRB- . Therefore , while this tale is interesting and makes a few good points , the careless killing , poorly written romance and poor ideals made me strongly dislike it.However , it is very interesting , particularly because of the older English used , so if you do n't mind betrayal , violence , and lack of morals , it could be a very enjoyable read .
 The book , The Black Arrow , by Robert Louis Stevenson , did not grab my attention . Although it had some exciting events in the story , for the most part I was unable to appreciate them because i did n't know what was happening or what anything was about . The book had some confusing twists and turns which were hard to follow . So , I would not recommend this book to most people , because , to me , it was hard to follow and because of that , boring . this book is about a young man named Richard Shelton . He was born loyal to the House of Lancaster but found himself torn between his loyalty to his master and joining a band of outlaws called the Black Arrow , led by a dashing young man named Ellis Duckworth . Shelton goes through many adventures with many partners and friends . The problem is he does n't know who he can trust . He has been betrayed and swindled , but he does n't stop putting his faith in people who he thinks he can trust . One person he knows he can trust is Joanna Sedley . She was a lost love in his life which he later encountered . Throughout the book he is chasing , tracking and looking for her . There is certain types of people that would enjoy this book . If they can keep their attention and comprehend very well I think they might like this book very much . Because if you can follow the plot I 'm sure it will be very exciting . So , if you fall into that category I would recommend this book to you . But if you are like me and you need a book that is full of adventure from the get go , and have some trouble following books , I would not recommend the Black Arrow .
 When comparing Stevenson 's major works , this book just does n't compare . It 's wooden , stilted and written in the voice of Northern UK 's speech .
 I have an early edition of this book , published in 1968 . The author believed that the end times were imminent , and that was -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- 42 years ago.Most of the `` signs '' of the then-imminent apocalypse are basically that the world of the late 1960 's was filled with sin and decadence . To believe that the late 1960 's were the most sinful times in world history requires tremendous ignorance of the inhumanities committed through prior centuries.The funniest of the author 's `` signs '' of an imminent apocalypse is standup comic Buddy Hackett giving a performance filled with ranchy humor and foul language . Am I supposed to believe that God is more worked up over a raunchy standup comedy performance than He had been over the various wars , genocides and famines through the previous centuries?In my opinion , an educated , objective reader could never take this book seriously , but may enjoy it for some laughs . -LRB- On a similar level , you can enjoy watching bad science fiction films like `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' just for laughs . -RRB- Side note
 I have an early edition of this book , published in 1968 . The author believed that the end times were imminent , and that was -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- 42 years ago.Most of the `` signs '' of the then-imminent apocalypse are basically that the world of the late 1960 's was filled with sin and decadence . To believe that the late 1960 's were the most sinful times in world history requires tremendous ignorance of the inhumanities committed through prior centuries.The funniest of the author 's `` signs '' of an imminent apocalypse is standup comic Buddy Hackett giving a performance filled with ranchy humor and foul language . Am I supposed to believe that God is more worked up over a raunchy standup comedy performance than He had been over the various wars , genocides and famines through the previous centuries?In my opinion , an educated , objective reader could never take this book seriously , but may enjoy it for some laughs . -LRB- On a similar level , you can enjoy watching bad science fiction films like `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' just for laughs . -RRB- Side note
 One should expect the eigth volume of UNESCO 's General History of Africa to be the most disappointing in the series . The previous volumes had shown the motive behind UNESCO 's project was not so much to make a history of africa as to make a history africans should be proud of . That is one hard task to accomplish once you try and tackle with the post-colonial history of the continent . One can understand the focus on the struggle for independence , even though some of the chapters read tiring . It is the chapters on independent africa that simply are not honest history-making
 The author reviews mathematical history but mentions no India nor China . He presented a biased view of mathematical history.The books is misleading in that regard .
 For trying to be a popular exposition on mathematics Devlin 's book is too difficult for the lay reader . Unless you have university level mathematics in your luggage you wo n't understand much . The explanations of basic conepts are missing , the proofs are not there and the history is condensed into a few pages . Thus if your mathematical imagination can not fill in these gaps you will not extract much pleasure from this book . You will rather be frustrated . I myself have read mathematics at the university and still could n't follow him everywhere . The problem is that the labeling of the book is misleading . This is not a book of popularized mathematics . This is leizure time reading for mathematics professors and math-freaks . If you want to read something that is easy to understand but still interesting try some of the American Mathematical Society 's wonderful publications -LRB- you can find them all on amazon -RRB- .
 I 'm not a math cripple but I will admit that I have not always been that great when it comes to math . I have recently grown a hunger for science in general , -LRB- including mathematics of course -RRB- and thought I should look for a book to help me grasp math from another perspective . I actually read many of the pages in the book and while I did understand the first couple pages , I found myself lost as I continue reading . As another reviewer mentioned , this is not a book for the layman . I would n't recommend this book to anyone who is not that good at math . I guess I 'll just keep looking elsewhere to find books on the subject that will help me on my journey to become better at math .
 I started reading the book and will have to stop and learn mathematical notation and some terminology first . I 'm hopeful the infomation is correct , but it is over my curious head at the moment .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the worst books I have ever read . I read this book in high school , though I am now in college , but do n't discount this review because of that . Tess has absolutely no backbone . She pines away for stupid Angel who is more cruel to her than the guy who raped her in many ways . I know women were n't as strong at that time but even so , she is still pathetic . When she tells Angel that she would jump in the river and kill herself for him , I laughed out loud ! Tess is a spineless , pathetic excuse for a human being . She needs to take some lessons from Jane Eyre , a hundred times better heroine . Also , Hardy describes the same stupid valley so many times that the book drags on forever and seems like it is never going to end . I disliked all of the characters so much , that it made the book have not one redeeming quality to it . If you want to read a Hardy book , read Mayor of Casterbridge -- it is much better !
 This is quite simply the worst story i have ever read in my life.It was depressing , LONG , and meandered its way aimlessly till the end . Whats worse , the book could have ended half way and still had the same impact . The character still meets the same fate , everyone would have felt the same way , and the reader would have been spared several chapters of agonizing reading had she made a different choice after confessing her secret to Angel.If you like reading a depressing story where it seems like the author is taking sadistic joy in tormenting the protagonist , this is the story for you . For everyone else , stay far far away .
 I am sorry to all of you who like this book but I would never wish a single soul to read this . This book has the plot
 This was a VERY used paperback of Tess sold as new with library stickers on the binding as well as the front cover . Amazon is definitely not trustworthy anymore .
 I do n't know how can this book be a classic . I have n't thought that I could find such absurd stuff in a book . Do n't waste your time with it .
 I thought this book was long , drawn out , and boring . It was too descriptive . To me , the writing style is a lot like Jane Eyre . I do n't particularly like that type of book.Plus , it was way too sad and unrealistic . I do n't think THAT many bad things could happen to one person .
 We had to read it for our GCSE coursework . Everybody found it boring and too descriptive . If you have a choice , do not choose this book ! To make it worse , it is incredibly long and depressing . DO NOT EVEN TOUCH IT !!!
 Having read a number of classics recently , I have come to the conclusion that many of them are `` classics '' because they are great books to study , not great books to read . I 'm sure I could spend years dissecting this book and finding new allusions , hidden references , and coincidental parallels . In fact , I found myself forced to re-read and , in some cases , grammatically deconstruct such large portions of this book to `` get '' it that I could probably claim to have read the book twice with a pretty straight face.If the book had been just a little worse , I would have been spared a lot of effort because I could have just written it off as being bad . Unfortunately , every time I was ready to throw in the towel , Thomas Hardy would throw in a turn of phrase or new way of seeing something that made me decide to ride along just a little longer to see where this was headed.In the end though , I have to cast my vote with many of the low star reviews here . Thomas Hardy 's characterization of the landscape , farms , and villages beats his character development hands down . The plot moves like a fault line -LRB- millimeters per year followed by sudden jumps -RRB- and , frankly , by the end I felt more sense of elation at having reached the last page than a sense of regret that `` the President of Immortals had ended his sport with Tess . '' For once , I 'm guessing that the Cliff 's notes would be a better read than the actual book .
 WHY are poor , innocent school kids forced to read this intensly dull text ? It is enough to put anyone off English Lit for LIFE . If anyone in authority is reading this , PLEASE take this piece of junk OFF the sylabus ... PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!
 I did n't like this book very much . It was silly . I 'm sorry that I 've wasted time reading this book . There are better books to read .
 I 'm a fan of classics , but I could not force myself to struggle through this book . I could neither identify with the characters -LRB- Tess especially seemed extraordinarily weak-willed and passive -RRB- nor follow through the endless description of the novel . Iw ould suggest a different book
 This edition is basically newsprint with a hard binding . What a racket ! Signet Classics -LRB- Pocket size -RRB- with introduction by Marcelle Clements.Tess of the D'urbervillesAnd the binding is not good , either -- do n't know what the word for it is but no left margin .
 My 1 star rating is due to the fact that Oxford University Press gives away the plot twists and even the shocker ending in the second paragraph of their Introduction . Most of the fun of reading any novel is trying to find out what will happen next . Oxford spoils this by giving it away at the start -LRB- what were they thinking ?!!! -RRB- . If you pick up this edition , just skip the Intro , or read it AFTER the book . Otherwise , Hardy 's novel is a great story with insight into noble character . Hardy gets 5 stars , Oxford U Press gets 1 .
 This book in the beginning was so slow that I finished a book twice it 's length before I finished the first chapter of Tess of the D'Urdubervilles .
 I 've enjoyed reading this edition for its critical essays and helpful footnotes , but the copy I ordered from Amazon was missing thirty pages . -LRB- It turns out that pages 14 through 44 are printed twice , resuming at page 77 -RRB- . They may have corrected the problem in other copies , but do n't assume that you 'll get the whole book !
 I was really disappointed in this book and surprised that so many people think it is a wonderful story . It was such a depressing story and reflects all of the worst things about the way women were treated in that time . I do n't think this story had any redeeming qualities and very few likeable characters -LRB- even Tess was quite irritating at times with her pride getting in the way of asking for help to make her life a little easier -RRB- .
 I did n't like the book . The language was difficult to read and in the end the topic was one i do n't agree with . The ultra right values where women were always at fault for tempting a man and she was the one dealt final cruel punishment . I am relieved to be of this century . Makes us appreciate what we have and what those before us had to suffer for us to be where we are now .
 The back cover of my book described Tess as a heroine for her time . I was thrilled to begin reading this book to discover what it was that made her a heroine . I was very disappointed by the end of the book . She was no heroine , more like a self-pitying brat ! Hardy did a fantastic job of describing life during that periold of time , but that talent was not enough to change my opinion of the book . Very aggrevating !!!
 TESS is one of the more boring works of literature . Yes , Hardy was rather a revolutionary for the period as far as his choice of heroine and the subjects with which he dealt , but that does n't necessarily add up to a good book . The story itself is n't bad -- if you 're willing to wade through all the unnecessary muck to piece it together . However , I have trouble stomaching the fact that Tess is lauded as a brave and virtuous heroine when she is actually completely spineless and at times rather annoying . I wo n't spoil the story by giving examples , since you may very well be intending to read it anyway , or being forced to read it for a class . If the latter is so ... good luck .
 I was forced to read Tess for summer reading . I have possibly never been so glad to finish a book , not out of joy at a good reading experience but because the novel was such torture to wade through , in all its melodrama , sensationalistic elements , unlikable characters , and gaping holes in the plot , especially towards the end . Tess is a weakling who acts illogically , vacillates and secures the reader 's complete disgust before the end . One should already know it from the title and the first few pages , where Tess 's father , a peasant , finds out that he is the relic of an old noble family -LRB- his real name is Durbeyfield -RRB- . Why can not books have sense ? All through the novel I longed to be reading Pride and Prejudice or Middlemarch . The time this book was written in has nothing to do with it ; both the two books just mentioned were written considerably before it . I was left with a very poor impression of Thomas Hardy 's talents as a writer . -LRB- Incidentally , it should tell you something that more than one reader/reviewer compared it to the movie Titanic . -RRB-
 This is part of my attempt to read classics and non-fiction as well as my usual speculative fiction this year . A few people noted that Hardy is a bit of a hard read , and that turned out to be true . His style is jagged and choppy , bouncing around quite a bit , and never giving you a true glimpse of some scenes important to know how to interpret -LRB- such as the question of Tess ' seduction or rape by Alec d'Urberville -RRB- . However , overall , it is an interesting story at least and I enjoyed the book . But considering the ending seemed to be rather ill-fitting to the rest of the tale , I 'll have to pass on giving it a high rating . It was rather disappointing to slog through his odd phrasings and quirks , only to be let down at the end by the characters just magically changing personality traits . I think Tess was a weakling without a mind of her own for the most part , Angel was worthless , and the character with the most potential in the story is the so-called villain , Alec d'Urberville .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a novel remarkable only in its quality to inspire hatred from those unfortunates forced to read it . Melodramatic and unrealistic , it meanders interminably exploring the theme of a `` pure woman '' before finally finishing with an ending that has little impact on the disgusted reader.Tess is , in short , a useless book . Apart from keeping a healthy fire roaring in my hearth , Tess contains little of merit . Well , I suppose one could improve one 's vocabulary by reading Tess -LRB- fun , but completely useless words like `` prestidigitation '' abound -RRB- , but reading `` How to improve your verbal scores on the SAT '' is inarguably more concise and probably more entertaining.Not to say that there is nothing to be learned from the characters . Simply observe their actions in certain situations and do the opposite . The three main characters , particularly Tess , are just begging to have a little common sense smacked into them . However , Tess can be considered enigmatic in one respect . Hardy seems to be unable to decide whether she is just ordinarily pretty , or ' a dazzling fair milkmaid ' so it is up to the reader , should he still be awake , to decide . At any rate , her big , multi-colored eyes and Pre-Raphaelite hair and figure hide a complete vapidity painfully evident to the modern reader . She only develops a spine near the end of the novel , when such a change is unconvincing and thoroughly out of character.So ... a predictable and heavily padded plot , infuriating characters , too much symbolism , inappropriate philosophical discussions and a great dollop of Victorian fluff . The result ? Tess of the d'Urbervilles roasting on an open fire .
 When is pain the necessary entry price for involving oneself in great fiction , and when is it simply something you might call `` author abuse '' ? I believe the tipping place can be found somewhere in the pages of Thomas Hardy 's most famous novel.In it , we meet young Tess Durbeyfield , a simple English farm girl who struggles to make it through everyday life . Her father , convinced he 's the rightful heir of an extinct family of Norman nobles , the D'Urbervilles , is a shiftless layabout who drinks and lets his numerous children do his chores . The family starves quite pitifully until fate puts in the first of several appearances . Tess meets a rich young bravo who goes by the D'Urberville name and decides to merge his bloodline with that of Tess , no matter what she thinks about that.Alec D'Urberville is one of two men whose attentions cause Tess much heartache and make up the substance of the book . Actually , there are three such men if you count Hardy , which I pretty much do . Alec is a right cad and Angel Clare , the other man , manages the impressive feat of being much worse , but neither lays for Tess the snares Hardy does , of horrible coincidences , contrived reverses in character , and way too much tolerance for ill treatment . There 's even a letter-swallowing carpet . Man , I hate when carpets do that!When Hardy is n't pounding poor Tess into the ground , he 's doing the same to us , pointing out how Tess in her misery represents the nullity of our common existence . `` She might have seen that what had bowed her head so profoundly - the thought of the world 's concern at her situation - was founded on an illusion , '' he writes . `` She was not an existence , an experience , a passion , a structure of sensations , to anyone but herself . `` If only!Here 's the rub . `` Tess '' is a pretty pleasing book to read if you manage to ignore or at least discount the plot . Hardy writes with great verve and knowledge about the world of his characters , fictional Wessex with its villages of hayricks and barn dances . At times it 's like reading Wordsworth , and at others it 's like reading Lovecraft . I do n't know how else to describe a writer who can wax so lyrical and then shift into something darkly surreal and macabre without missing a beat . He was a master of description at the height of his powers in 1891 when he published this . `` Tess '' is also a deep book , with much Biblical allusion and symbolic foreshadowing matted into the subtext . Reading the novel with an online study guide helps bring out a rich harvest of Hardy 's learned genius , as you can see the careful layering and connecting up he does throughout the book.Alas , it does n't make the story itself any more digestible.Tess herself is hard not to care for , but she 's frustratingly passive in a way that can not be blamed simply on the time and place where her story is set . She seems more of a piece with something Hardy was trying to say of the human condition , of suffering being one 's lot in this vale of tears . You keep hoping things will turn around , but pretty soon you see the author has other ideas . Hardy pretty much wants her to suffer , so she does.Maybe in some imaginary alternative existence , I 'll be treated to the scene of Hardy being called to some kind of literary court of law , answering for the misery he put me through here . I 'll gladly waive my charges against him - only if they let me watch when it 's Tess 's turn to collect .
 Okay ... I had to read this book as summer reading ... I must say I was actually looking foward to reading it ... I thought it would be good ... I thought wrong . Tess is one of the most awful books I have ever read ... Tess is a sap with no spine and an insult to all women . I understand this book was written in an era when women were not strong but still ... could n't Hardy have given Tess some common sense ?? This book put me to sleep more than once with its long descriptions of the same valley ... and can anything else happen to Tess at the end of this novel ? I think every bad thing that could happen to a woman happened to Tess ... a bit melodramatic , maybe ? I do n't know how this book became a classic ... was it classic for its ability to put somebody to sleep ... or how about sending someone into a depression or fits of anger because Tess is a moron ? If you want to read classics read Crime and Punishment or even Madame Bovary ... I also had to read those this summer and I actually enjoyed them ... so do n't go saying to yourself the only reason I do n't like this book is because I was forced to read it ... I was forced to read those other books and I liked them . In short , I pity anybody who has to read this book ... and I do n't know how anybody in their right minds could have given this book 5 stars .
 A few years back I was forced to read `` Tess '' for my English class . Nobody in my class could ever finish reading the book ... only a few of us could ever even finish the Cliff Notes for it . Our Professor tried solving the situation by renting us the video , but all of us were fast asleep half an hour into it.Tess is a bimbo with no brain and an insult to women , yes , even at that time ! This book is over-rated and should not be called a classic . If you really want to read good literature , read D.H.Lawrence , read Tolstoy , read evn modern classical writers like Achebe , but for crying out loud , do NOT waste your time and money on `` Tess . . ''
 The whole tragedy is in the fact that I was NOT forced to read this book but actually picked it up because I WANTED to read it -LRB- or so I thought at the time -RRB- . I have read many books in my life , quite a lot of them classics , but I have to say that this book just about drove me bananas . I think there is a general misapprehension in thinking that a classic must be good.I dare not even think of how many times I probably came close to being committed to an asylum for acting suspiciously on the train while reading `` Tess '' -LRB- every two seconds I would sigh , roll my eyes , scoff or just plain throw my hands in the air from frustration -RRB- . Many reviewers had rightly pointed out that the character of Tess is the shubbiest excuse of a woman in the whole Solar System . How can anybody , in any age , on any continent , be as spineless and masochistic as she is ? This woman is more of a martyr that Joan of Arc , for crying out loud.The excuse that this book takes place in Victorian England does n't quite cut it . I saw more strength and backbone in Hester of The Scarlet Letter -LRB- which story took place in a much more prudish and puritanical setting than England of 1800 's -RRB- . I think Thomas Hardy invented himself a woman who would act like his cocker spaniel ; no matter how much he beat the crap out of that ` faithfull friend ' the poor dog would always come crawling back and lick his boots , which is pretty much how Tess acts throughout the book . The whole scenario smacks a lot of a perverted male fantasy . Maybe Hardy had a nasty mother , who knows . I bet psychiatrists would have a field day with the author.I am disappointed and feel cheated of the time that I could have used to read something else ; Dickens , for example . Or just Maeve Binchy , if I wanted female driven narrative . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' would have been a much better book if that idiot-of-a-husband and Tess herself would fall into that bloody river in the middle of the book -LRB- exactly as Tess wanted it -RRB- and have done with it . I know I would applaud such a great ending!In short
 This was one of the worst books I have ever read . It goes on way to long with a lot of filler which seems out of place .
 Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society . They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending . He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal . It is impossible for a women of Tess 's virtue to turn into a criminal . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression .
 Having a degree in English Lit. , it seems sinful for me to accuse Thomas Hardy of being a terrible writer , but there it is . Any writer today submitting a manuscript like this would have it rejected out of hand . This is not a book for an audience seeking a good , fast-paced story that speaks for itself . If you read this book , you will have to interpret every word , description , and action , try to guess what universal message the author is attempting to convey and what the characters are thinking and feeling at any given time . In short , the kind of book that college English professors love , and try to emulate , and remain college English professors because they will never get such a thing published.First of all , character development is not only lacking , it is absent altogether . It might be assumed that the book 's title character , at least , would be strongly drawn , someone we could sympathize with , empathize with , or relate to in some way . Not the case . While Hardy expounds upon Tess ' physical appearance ad nauseum throughout , never did I gain any real insight into her thoughts and feelings , her motivation . Maybe the insight is hidden in these endless physical descriptions or her inane actions , but frankly , if I 'm reading for pleasure I do n't want to take the time to search . Sorry . And it follows that if Hardy failed in his title character , forget about all the others.Secondly , his wordiness is irritating . One paragraph of half-way interesting action is followed by a full page of useless description and genuflecting . Perhaps essential to hidden meanings and motives and social commentary , but again , I 'm not taking the time to search . I found myself skipping over these , the result being my finishing the book in two evenings.Conversely , Hardy seems to gloss over the most important event in the book , cloaking it in overly subtle tones . Granted , this was written during the sexually-repressed Victorian Era , for an audience with `` delicate sensibilites '' , but come on . Something as traumatic and life-shattering as rape , in fact the event that is supposed to drive the entire novel , deserves more than an allusion to medieval knights taking advantage of peasant girls . Not that I want graphic details , on the contrary . But please , give me a break ; even if her society deems she take it as a matter of course , let us see , clearly , her inward rage , hurt , bafflement at what has happened to her . Something . Anything . Make her human , in other words.If you really must read this , a synopsis would be enough . The novel 's idea is a good one , and could have probably been done brilliantly by someone else . Hardy fails it miserably .
 A great windbag of a novel , Hardy seems to think that not only does a grassy meadow take half a chapter to describe , he thinks that everyone else agrees with him . Please . Not the largest complaint I have , but surely the first , is that Hardy 's style is like looking up looking up `` stone pillar '' in a thesaurus , then two others , and then writing down every single synonym . It takes pages for him to describe a dairy farm , and at some point you wonder if he 's introducing the farm as a character , it gets so much time.Not that he seems to spend that much time on his characters ; they are created with little that interests , and contain less development that a homeless shelter under President Bush.Tess is described , at great length , and quite often , as a beautiful woman . Okay , so what ? Her personality is so weak I wonder if he even thought about what she would do in a situation , or just had her do whatever the other characters wanted her to do , until the very end , when she makes an out of character action that is supposed to be shocking , but is more perplexing ; the character described in the rest of the book would n't do that , and there is nothing to indicate why she has a sudden change of being.Angel is built up as the `` perfect prince in shining armor '' until he finds out about Tess 's secret , when he suddenly acts like a selfish and snotty child that is the very opposite of what he has been in the rest of the book . Then he switches back at the end , with little thought as to why by Hardy , at least not much that is apparent in the book.Let 's see , boring writing style and poorly done characters , what else is there ? Ah , plot . The only way to describe plot is that it made the description seem riveting and his characters thought out . He 's spend the time to talk about Tess getting a job , then the next chapter she is suddenly running away from it ; I felt robbed of the time spent in the build up , and knowing more in detail of what happened in the intervening time from when she got the job to when she quit would have helped with her character . And when you think there is no need for detail , Hardy 's got more than enough . He spends ages talking about Tess and Angel 's time together at the dairy farm , but none of their actions change the way they feel about each other . He could have cut our some of their horse riding , and no one would complain.In short , Hardy 's the kind of writer who is analogous to a storyteller that likes the sound of his voice ; just because he can say something , he does . And in his endless drivel , what might be interesting is skipper over . This guy could have used and editor.When it first came out , this book was ill received , and I see no reason for anything to have changed since .
 The time spent on reading this book could have been spent on someting worth while and interesting such as watching the grass grow , or picking my teeth . It was a real disappointment and the reading of this book by anyone with a life should by outlawed .
 I am a Senior at Linville High School . I recently read Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles for my term paper . I chose it because a teacher told me it was very good . I was quite disappointed with the book in general . After reading the description on the back of the book , I inferred that Tess would be confronted with a problem , but being the `` heroine '' she was described as , she would overcome it victoriously . Unfortunately , I was completely wrong . Tess depressed and frustrated me extremely throughout the book . She cowarded down and let people run over her . The only thing that was good was the little surprises inserted every now and then . The whole book depressed me and I would rather not read another book of Hardy 's again .
 This poor character never catches a break , and the writer makes you care for her , deeply . Emotionally draining and depressing
 the story itself is original -LRB- using a common character instead of some nobility -RRB- , but the story just keeps drugging on forever or something . It is a novel , not a prose !! I wonder why the author had to waste bunch of pages expressing the emotions of the heroin ? And I think Tess is terribly idiodic . Why should she continue to love her unforgiving and cruel husband ? Is n't that such a degradation of female saying that they will always be loyal to the man no matter how the men desert them ? So , do not even try to read this book if you have no time .
 This book has been lauded as a great work of English literature . Hardy does indeed capture the English landscape fairly well into his somewhat lengthy , verbose paragraphs . But his plot -LRB- to be frank -RRB- stinks.The moment the reader meets Tess Durbeyfield he or she knows exactly what her fate will be . The book is a ridiculous web of intertwined coincidences which finally succeed not in giving the novel the air of a distinguished and accomplished work , but of a silly contrived plot line filled with poorly developed characters that could easily be crammed into 20 short pages . And the book might be all the better for it.The point is that after I read this book and labored through the hundreds of pages and looked up archaic English phrases and fluffy words that Hardy seemed to fill the pages with , I was struck at how much time I had wasted to learn so little , how disappointing it was to be forced to read so much obsequious symbolism and heinous happenstances.Don ' t read this book unless you have to . It is n't worth your time .
 ... and hate it now . My only revenge for being forced to read Tess as a kid is to write a negative review as an adult . So there , that 's done .
 See subject line . I would never recommend this book , depth and nuance aside . It was at no point pleasant to read . I struggled to finish it .
 I do n't care if it 's a classic . It went nowhere . There was no point . I could not bring myself to care what happened to the characters . It was not an enjoyable read .
 I wanted to know whether my affiliate link , and commission link worked.It did n't ! The book is written in period language , hence I am still in the introductory phase.It is in very small type , which further delays progress .
 Completely boring and a hard read . I was assigned this book for school and did not enjoy it !
 i cant believe i wasted my time on this . I picked up this book because i naively thought `` Oh ! a book about a girl ! A teenage girl ! I should like this ... a good book with a strong heroine . '' If you want to read an enjoyable story of a girl , read The Witch of Blackbird Pond . Anyways , this is the sort of very sad pathetic story of a girl who falls head over heels in love with a cad . As we girls all know , that has probably happened to each of us . . , and who in their right mind wants to be reminded of that ? And the very sad pathetic thing is she will do absolutely ANYTHING to get back with him . It is very realistic , its her first love ... But if you want to read a story of a girl falling in love with a guy and they live happily ever after-read something else . This is the sort of story that should n't be read . Unless of course , you enjoy being depressed , and not only suffer through horrible relationships like this , but want to read about them too in your spare time . In between heartbreaks . In short , it sucked . period .
 I recommend this book as kindling for a fire . It is the worst book that could have possibly been written . If you want to read this , jump off the nearest bridge or very tall building -LRB- without a parachute -RRB- . That 's probably the most similar experience to reading this book . Thank you , and have a good day .
 Silly , stupid , boring . I had to read it for a project and I was about to faint . Thank God that it was short :-RRB- Do you still wan na read it ? Then good luck ! I hate to say this but belive me you will be sorry for it !
 I will admit that I read this for an advanced high school English class last year , making me one of those notorious ` immature high school reviewers . ' However , I 'm an English major , and I try to give each book an equal chance and see how they fared in the end . Well , here is Tess : I 'm a reader who minds terribly when realism is outweighed by drama and romance . It sounds terrible , I know , but I prefer realism , and become frustrated when there 's too much drama and love in a book . ` Too much ' is a matter of opinion , of course , but in my opinion , Tess contains too much . It begins to sound overly-Victorian . One bad , dramatic thing after another takes place , and each occurrence seems forced , as though Hardy pushed it onto the paper to further the development of another bad thing . You could say that this is called * plotting * , but it comes across to me as bad plotting.Remember , this is coming from a person who prefers Edith Wharton and John Dos Passos as their recreational reading . Drama and fiction are all okay in my book , but too much of anything is bad . Hardy needs more moderation , in my opinion . So to finish fairly , I 'll say that Tess of the D'Urbervilles makes a great dramatic Victorian novel with a beautiful tragic message . However , readers like myself , who are frustrated by large amounts of romance , tragedy , and beauty , will agree that two stars is a perfect rating .
 Tess was a very boring book . From an analytical point , the book 's major theme was FATE . However , you must be interested in the victorian era , in order to enjoy the book . It is the same thing with the Scarlet Letter , to enjoy the book you must know about the time era . The problems that the characters are faced with in the book are laughable by todays standards .
 This book , while perhaps well written , is just so ridiculous and self-contradictory that it 's maddening to read . While it 's necessary to forgive him some annoying parts of his style as being a part of his age , one can not overlook the horrible plot and characterization.Not one of the characters in the entire book is coherent or believable . He begins with a stereotype -- the innocent country lass -LRB- Tess -RRB- , the skeptical intellectual -LRB- Angel -RRB- , the depraved rich dandy -LRB- Alec -RRB- -- describing mainly their appearance and superficial thoughts , so that they never rise above the stereotype . Then , if they stereotype does n't suit the plot , he 'll simply have them act in complete contradiction of their previous shoddy characterization , without any explanation of how they might have changed . Angel 's rejection of Tess , for example -- he , the skeptical nonconformist who questions conventional social mores , suddenly repudiates Tess for being the victim of a rape , despite his own questionable conduct . I might expect that behavior from a conceited hypocrite , but not the all-around good guy that Hardy has made Angel out to be . And it 's not like we 've made a discovery here about Angel 's real nature , because Hardy goes right on describing him the way he had before . Of course , he takes her back , which is perhaps believable , except that he has not a moment of hesitation when he finds out she murdered Alec . So when your wife tells you she was raped , you leave her , but when she kills someone , you help her to escape without even a second thought?Then there 's Tess . She seems like a pretty resourceful and sensible girl right up to the point where Angel leaves her for a stupid reason and she spends the next five years or whatever pining for him . She writes him one scolding letter , and then regrets it . And even though she ca n't muster the courage to approach Angel 's father , or tell Angel off , or rebuff the advance of Alec -- although Hardy describes her as having `` natural fearlessness '' at one point -- she can somehow stab Alec later.Alec , of course , is the one who first becomes a preacher because someone talks to him on the road , and then gives it up because Tess is just too darn beautiful . You 'd think some more convincing would be needed for either conversion , but nope , Hardy ca n't spare any time for actual character development when he could describe Talbothays again.Finally , I can take an example from a minor character . At one point in the book Hardy describes Izz Huett , a milkmaid , as `` by nature the sauciest and most caustic '' of the milkmaids ; a mere 20 pages later he describes her as `` a girl of tact . '' Did he read what he wrote before sending it to the publisher?Aside from the contradictions in every one of his major characters -LRB- and a lot of the minor ones too -RRB- , there are also points in the book that are just plain ridiculous . I mean , Stonehenge ? Come on . How cheesy can you get ? Not to mention the fact that he sent sixteen cops after them so they could be surrounded in the morning . It 's as if he put stuff into his book because he thought it would be cool . Same deal with Angel going to BRAZIL . Also , apparently Angel can pick berries with his whip . Hardy also tends to get carried away with his own writing . He once mentions the plains of Brazil -LRB- if by `` plains '' he meant `` rain forest '' -RRB- and describes a cow 's `` large-veined udders . `` Lastly , the book oozes prejudices about country folk and women -- mostly to the effect that they 're naive and ignorant . In fact , Hardy seems to share the prejudices of Angel Clare . In any case , this book is a lot of reading in return for all the reward of a trashy romance novel .
 I 'm a French student of English , in my third year at university . I have to read `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' for my British literature class and it 's just terrible . The author spends so much time describing Tess ' beauty , virtue , kindness and courage , that I wonder why her name is not Mary Sue . There is no character development
 How nice . Tess is a totally unrealistic character-she has more sorrow in her life then most of us have in a century . This book is extremely sad , and I do n't understand why it 's a classic . Tess is very happy until her alchoholic dad discovers that they were a noble family , so , getting to big for his britches , he sends Tess over to another D'urberville family , which actually just adopted the name because they wanted to seem influential . That 's when the trouble starts . Soon , Tess gives birth to a baby , and goes back home in disgrace . Then she meets another nice guy , who abandons her when he learns of her past . They author could have done with some happpy scenes ... life 's not all sadness !
 either me or the 12 grade teacher who assigned this piece of crap . This book was so terrible no one is my class read it , out teacher would have to come to class with 25 photocopies of the pages we were going over because no one would `` remember '' to bring thier book to class . As a story it was poigent and overdone , as a character , Tess was an insult to women everywhere . She had no backbone unill the end of the novel . fankly , I liked Hardy 's poetry better and wish this book would be removed from all required reading list .
 I enjoy reading classics , and have read several . No more than anyone else , perhaps , but a decent few that i could get my hands on.I 've never read Hardy , and though his style was different , it was not hard to follow . The flaws in his characters are realistic enough , but it is those flaws that made me dislike the book . Tess is a simpering simpleton who should be smarter than she is . Angel is a Devil , who is the most hypocritical , bigoted , delusional idiot that walked in the book . The evil man , Alec D'Urberville , was terrible , but his evils could be comparable to Angel 's . And in the middle is the lost child Tess , who ca n't be counted on to have a milliliter of sense or perception concering people throughout the entire book . She worships Angel , and blames herself for her rape , because Angel blames her despite his insisting that he does n't . The plot could have been better , the characters could have been likable , and for God 's sake it could have been less repetitive . Yes , we all understand , Tess you love him , Tess you need him , Tess you live for him , whatever , we understand , stop obsessing . Well written , but only worth reading at most once . I would borrow it instead of buying it .
 Bad cover . Half of the book is ruined because the spine has come unglued ... false product description !
 Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society . They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending . He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal . It is impossible for a women of Tess 's virtue to turn into a criminal . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression .
 I did n't . This seemed so slow and plodding to me . I understand that this was a &#34; page turner &#34; when it was written . I understand that this is literature . I think it must be my instant gratification gene . I watched the movie . I am sure I missed tons of literary illuminations about character and plot , but I simply could n't force myself to finish this book . This says more about me though than the author .
 This book has it 's place -- and that place is in an American Literature course at a university . It was entirely too technical to be enjoyable . I was assigned this book as a ninth grader and now that I am a teacher and understand lexile levels , I must advise other teachers not to assign this book until the later grades -- and only to the highest students .
 I will admit that I read this for an advanced high school English class last year , making me one of those notorious ` immature high school reviewers . ' However , I 'm an English major , and I try to give each book an equal chance and see how they fared in the end . Well , here is Tess : I 'm a reader who minds terribly when realism is outweighed by drama and romance . It sounds terrible , I know , but I prefer realism , and become frustrated when there 's too much drama and love in a book . ` Too much ' is a matter of opinion , of course , but in my opinion , Tess contains too much . It begins to sound overly-Victorian . One bad , dramatic thing after another takes place , and each occurrence seems forced , as though Hardy pushed it onto the paper to further the development of another bad thing . You could say that this is called * plotting * , but it comes across to me as bad plotting.Remember , this is coming from a person who prefers Edith Wharton and John Dos Passos as their recreational reading . Drama and fiction are all okay in my book , but too much of anything is bad . Hardy needs more moderation , in my opinion . So to finish fairly , I 'll say that Tess of the D'Urbervilles makes a great dramatic Victorian novel with a beautiful tragic message . However , readers like myself , who are frustrated by large amounts of romance , tragedy , and beauty , will agree that two stars is a perfect rating .
 I have n't been able to get into it ... read only a bit and it has n't held my attention ... maybe I 'll try again sometime ... I know it is supposed to be like a classic so try it ...
 Thia is the saddest story I have ever read ! Poor girl -- she does n't have a chance with finding a happy life ! The cards are all stacked against her from the git-go !
 I thought the story line sounded interesting so i bought it ... twice ! Trying to get a version of the book that wasnt so diffucult to read , its ok off and on , half the time i dont know what the author is referring to cause it was written so long ago that the author uses that language and it just got in my way of the story , which is why i bought it again thinking the 2nd book looked easier to read but it wasnt ... sadly i will be reduced to trying to find the movie to find out what happens and it bothers me because i hate to not finish a book !
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME.My daughter claims this is her favorite book of all time . Now I 'm thinking she was switched at birth with some stranger . I wo n't go as far as saying I hated the book , -LRB- though I really did -RRB- but it 's sure close . Tess is a brainless twit with no backbone and NO common sense at all . I wanted to shake her into reality . Even her own mother thought she was nuts for confessing to her husband -LRB- on their wedding night -RRB- that she was n't a virgin , even though it was n't her fault . Of course the self-centered husband ca n't even look her in the face and leaves her as soon as possible - sending her home to her mother . The book is all about Tess and every wrong turn she makes - not one good decision . I was disgusted with Tess and had to fight my way through to the end . I had to force myself to pick it up . I kept thinking there must be something good about the book - I was wrong.I have downloaded another Thomas Hardy book , I wo n't count him out yet , but if it starts being as horrible as this book , I sure wo n't force myself to finish .
 Like so many other people who have read Lynn Austin 's Gods and Kings , I appreciated her fine writing skills and excellent story telling ability . However , her editors must have struggled with the manuscript translation to ebook style . There were so many lines that did not separate into paragraphs , punctuation problems , words not separated or separated words when not needed , and words run together , that at times it was difficult to read . I ca n't believe that Bethany House would release a script with this many errors in it . An author of this caliber deserves a better production than this gobblygook .
 This is a very needed message for the children of God today . Do not give in to temptation as it will multiply and lead you on a path away from God .
 This was a great book to read . I had a hard time putting it down ! Can not wait to read the next one !
 Not very pleasant to read . Author 's dialogue and third party passages were dull . I did n't finish it . About 1/2 way through , I deleted it .
 Granted I 'm looking at a different edition -LRB- one illustrated by Kevin Marks -RRB- to write these comments . I think the book is very average . It 's ok , much the same as many other books on the same subject -LRB- menstruation for girls entering puberty -RRB- . I 'm still looking for a book that is better than just average .
 This book is really full of common sense , but if you are new to web businesses , it may be of help but not worth the price tag.Mr . Rudl 's website has several `` ANNOYING '' pop-ups that made me want to leave immediately.There are a lot of common sense themes in the book that can be found on any web-based business site , and a lot of the information is out-dated in my opinion.There is one good thing about the book though , and that 's that it puts a lot of information together that would take a while to get on your own.In my opinion , Mr. Rudl is a good salesperson with good marketing skills . He makes his money by hawking his wares on his site , and it looks like he makes money by being an associate for other websites with `` featured '' products on his website.I do n't recommend this `` book '' .
 One would think that when spending nearly $ 200 that is claimed for a book that is claimed to be the be all and end of all courses on its subject it would have at the very least been carefully edited . What you get are two looseleafs into which you insert several hundred typed pages that are replete with spelling and grammatical errors . And , while there is useable material here , you are paying $ 197 for a thinly veiled manual of huckstering numerous software programs which either pay Internet Market Center commissions or that they own outright . Much of this software is buggy , troublesome and poorly supported , and for the most part much better can be found elsewhere . Same for this so-called course . There is much better out there for much less . Among the numerous worthwhile sources of material are Webonomics , and Make Your Site Sell . Avoid this one despite what IMC 's shills want you to believe with their rave reviews .
 I thought this book was carelessly written ... His methods are that of a huckster , and his business model is of one who spams people . You 'd have to be crazy to follow his suggestions for email advertising and followup ! You 'd lose your ISP faster than your head would spin.The book was full of links you can find anywhere on the Internet , and most of the places he tries to point you to are for programs he 'll make a profit from.His website brags about how he 's going to finish up work and jump into his expensive car and drive home . Not impressed . I was looking more for someone who honestly cared about my business.His newsletters are the same way . He does nothing but try to sell without really caring who he is helping.So what if he made 5 million on the Internet . It 'll come back and bite him later .
 I really was dissapointed with this book.I thought I 'd learn some `` insider secrets '' as Corey Rudl says in the title , but it only deals with general knowledge ! This book is a compilation of some useless `` free reports '' that you can find anywhere on the internet ... for free.Eric
 other people have noted the weird presentation with looseleaf binders you have to put together yourself.other people have noted that the information is out of date.other people have noted that mainly this product just tried to sell you buggy software.other people have noted that part of the package is a spammer 's manual.other people have noted that corey rudl spends more time bragging about all the money he has made than anything else.they are all right . this program is a manual for dishonesty , badly written and poorly edited.don ' t make corey any more money.i made the mistake . i think you will shortly find my copy up here to buy .
 This book and his website is totally crap.He teach samp technique which annoy any serious customer.He keep saying about how he make millions of dollar.I think he is lying . He 's website look like the one designed by secondary school boy
 I 've followed the Agatha Raisin series since it began . It is accepted that Beaton 's mysteries are somewhat short on `` mystery '' leaving her hopefully endearing characters to carry the interest in the narratives . As a result , it is harder to accept that after eleven installments , Agatha has not grown as a character nor as an amateur sleuth . In this latest novel , `` Agatha Raisin and the Love from Hell , '' Agatha has been stripped of whatever comedic touches she initially possessed . In the place of a gentle wryness about herself has mushroomed a seething hair-trigger temper that leads her to awkward outbursts , making her a very unsympathetic heroine . Perhaps the story is meant to illustrate that pursuit of an ill-fated love affair can distort or poison one 's nature . I hope in the next installment that Agatha might revert to her former eccentric , more lovable , self . I hope so -- and in a mystery worthy of her .
 I love this series and would have enjoyed this one much more if it was n't so full of typing errors , I don `` t see anyone else complaining about this so maybe it 's just my kindle . Did anyone else have a problem with this ?
 This will be my last M.C. Beaton mystery . Maybe the author is burned out and no longer has the energy to set up a scene -LRB- description of how the character got to that scene , what was the weather like , the set up that makes the reader feel he 's right there with that character -RRB- . This lack of atmosphere/setting seems to be very similar to Lilian Jackson Braun 's latest books . I can deal with sloppy proofreading -LRB- not too happily -RRB- but I 'd sure like to have some help in mentally picturing the characters moving about instead of reading mostly dialogue . I agree with many of the other reviews in that it 's also a shame that Agatha has not developed one bit and that a lot of the humor has been replaced with nastiness . My suggestion to anyone who has not read an M.C. Beaton book -LRB- either the Hamish or Agatha series -RRB- is to start at the beginning and enjoy her earlier works .
 I 've read every book in the series as well as the H. MacBeth series.I have n't finished this title yet but agree with other reviewers regarding the lack of proofreading . I was even stymied as to why this book would be listed under `` Women-detectives-England-NORFOLK and not Glous . or Warwickshire . `` A.R. and the Love From Hell is a bit darker than the others in the A.R. series and so far -LRB- up to p. 172 -RRB- there is no humor at all .
 The title says it all -- Agatha and James DO have a love from hell . Beaton foreshadowed their bad marriage in the previous book , but I still was n't prepared for it.I did n't find this book funny ; instead I found it consistently depressing . That Agatha and James would never take even the smallest attempts to communicate . That they both turned to the attentions of others IMMEDIATELY when their marriage was troubled . That James went into hiding without any consideration for the emotional , nor the legal , burden he put on his wife . And how quickly Agatha plunged into the self-recriminations of the emotionally battered.The only thing I respected about this plot was that , when you think about it , it is completely believable the two would have a good marriage . However , both characters were intelligent and plucky enough to have made an exciting and adventuresome pair of sleuths , on equal footing . I agree with a previous reviewer who wondered why Agatha has n't grown more as a character . It would be nice to see her recover her charm in any future books , but it will still be somewhat disappointing that she 's back to the same old lifestyle as 10 previous stories.What 's so bad about a good marriage that writers ca n't seem to find it entertaining ? You would think with the history of detective teams consisting of two MEN , that a writer could stretch the idea to fit a happy marriage -- as in the Thin Man .
 The journal of a monk , Matthew Perry , was preserved , translated , and chopped up . Some pieces were then placed in a book for publication . Disjointed , obscure in many instances and almost impossible to read without a reference library close at hand , The Illustrated Chronicles . . , is a chore to comprehend with little reward for your effort . Advertised as some kind of entertaining historical memoir , it is anything but . Not for most and definetely not for me .
 Reading this book is a waste of time , buying it is a waste of money . It contain only very basic information , author thinks he 's some kind of a all-knowing investigator , yet his orb photo is a mistake , literally , it 's just a reflection.This books is more for self-promotion of author , than for providing information to people interested in becoming paranormal investigators , sorry . It will be better for you to invest additional $ 8 and buy this : Ghost Hunter 's Guidebook
 The first half of this book is stories of the Authors own ghost hunts . Has nothing to do with `` How to be a ghost hunter '' as the title implies . Book needs a serious update . Author refers to using audio tapes . No mention of digital recorders . All the limited information contained in this book is readily available on the internet for free . If you are looking for information on how to start ghost hunting , this is NOT the book to use . Very little `` how to '' in this book .
 A very basic book , seems to be a promotional tool for certain tours , if this type of book is your first read it will serve a purpose .
 I had used this book to supplement my Stats course , but found that lots of symbols that they used were not the same . Also , the equations differed for many of the calculations . You would get the same answers , but if your busy with school , you wo n't have time to reconcile the two . Good book if you are trying to learn on your own though .
 This is a review for the kindle edition of the book . The font is way too small to read , and unlike most kindle books , it is not adjustable . The illustrations were lovely , but I had to return it since we could n't read it .
 Made for kindle fire , however words too small to read and they do n't blow up like other children 's books . I do not recommend
 I found the book interesting . However , tapping on the screen continually so that I could read the print and then tapping again to see the illustrations was very annoying . Also there is a page in the middle where the sentence does n't end but the next page begins a whole new sentence .
 The print is so incredibly small that I could n't even finish reading it -LRB- I am in my early 30 's with perfect vision and do not use glasses -RRB- . Seemed like a cute story if only the format was better .
 The illustrations are great , but the text is too small . There is no way to increase the size of the text . Get your magnifying glass out .
 I like the cover of the book and the accuracy in the illustrations -- six legs , antenna , etc. . However , the book is not easy to read . The print type and size is not condusive for student literacy . The print is very difficult to read and it appears to be in about 8-9 pitch throughout the book . The illustrations tend to be dark in nature . The print type is artistic but it varies too much for emergent readers . I have difficulty seeing the small print . Nonetheless , it is a charming book and I use it to support my insect theme inside the learning environment .
 An artist I admire mentioned these , so I bought a set for myself . They were n't very expensive , which is the only reason I did n't return them . -LRB- I keep thinking I will find someone who might actually appreciate these cards , and I can give them away . -RRB- The idea behind them is great , but they failed to deliver the goods . The cards are somewhat repetitious and are straightforward to a fault . They offer no mystery or excitement which , as a professional artist , is what impels me to work at all . I decided instead to make my own set of cards that resonate with my own personal style of getting inspired and getting down to work . I function better with abstract suggestions , so these cards were not useful . -LRB- But then , since they nudged me to create my own version , I ca n't really say they were a total bust ! -RRB- Before you consider buying these , ask yourself if you need some kind of ` feel good about yourself ' product , or something that truly gets you thinking and motivated . If it 's the latter , do n't bother .
 Tittle the `` ethicist '' -LRB- more like elitist -RRB- puts her faith in Eugenics . Welcome to Nazi Germany for the 21st century.She proposes the development of a contraceptive vaccination universally administered to children at puberty , the antidote only given following an individual 's licensing by the government . Now logically , the inevitable illegal pregnancies would have to be halted by abortion . Forced government abortions . China , anyone ? Or at the very least , ripping babies from the arms of `` unsuitable '' mothers and awarding them to more correct ones . Fascist Argentina in the 1970s ? Wonder why so many copies of her book are available for sale used ? Hmmm . Remainder table . Should have aborted the book .
 I purchased this book with the idea that it might teach me something new , but I was mistaken . If you already have basic Photoshop knowledge , this may not be the book for you . I returned it because my money would be better invested elsewhere . If you have no idea where to begin with digital artwork , then I would recommend taking a look here . This is for the novice , not the intermediate or advanced user .
 This book took almost two weeks to receive . Not to mention when I did finally get my copy in the mail , I was disappointed to see that the play skipped from Act II to Act V. Very disappointing .
 My least favorite Shakespeare -- long , tedious , boring and highly distasteful . Did n't catch my interest whatsoever ; this was the first Shakespeare I read that I seriously had to force myself to continue and kept thinking `` enough already ! '' Too drawn out and more difficult to read than his others . Stick withPericles Prince of Tyre -LRB- The Pelican Shakespeare -RRB- .
 Cymbeline was a British king in Roman times -LRB- Augustus Caesar 's time -RRB- . Devices used in the Play :1 -RRB- a woman plays a man / boy role -LRB- several of his plays
 This version of the play is MISSING Acts III and IV.Act IV , Scene ii contains some of the most famous lines of Shakespeare
 DO NOT GET THIS VERSION . It is a scam . Literally . It contains acts 1 and two , and then skips right to act 5 . The text has obviously been copied and pasted from various sources , it randomly switches between paragraph form and iambic pentameter.The image on the front and back is pixel-y , someone with little knowledge of image editing applied it.This is n't even a good forgery . I could tell something was wrong the moment I picked it up .
 Personally I found this book really , really annoying . It started off so well - and descended into a murky mess where the narrative was following at least four men and two women , but a new section would start saying `` He ... blah blah blah '' or `` She ... blah blah blah '' and you 'd have to look half or three quarters of the way down the page to which out which particular he or she was the focus this time , and I did n't personally think there was anything gained by not identifying the character more quickly . I wanted to know what was going to happen to the characters so I kept reading but at the end I thought maybe my instinct to throw it against the wall halfway through might have been more satisfying . This book does seem dated - it was published in 1984 although I would have thought it was published in the 70s , could have been written in the 70s of course . I guess overall I 'm just so disappointed between what to me felt like so much promise at the start of the book to get to know or observe or comprehend a character I have nothing in common with and feeling at the end that none of the characters seemed believable at all , even though the two writer characters were both writing thinly disguised versions of their lives and of other characters in the book - making you wonder if the author had n't used a similar practice . But then why would they feel so phony ?
 William Bradford 's Of Plymouth Plantation is perhaps the most boring and vexatious book I have ever read . The plain style employed by Bradford is , undoubtably , because of his Puritan backgroud , but that is still no excuse for the tedious and often archaic redition of events . I should think that a high-school text book would give a more lively presentation of life in the `` New Jerusalem '' , as Bradford calls it . The antidiluvian vocabulary and monotonous recording of events made this a very difficult book to get through . I would not recommend it to my peers
 I WISH I had read the previous review for this book before I bought it . I could n't put it better myself . I bought this book because it was the only one advertising saturated fat counts . I already have two books that cover everything but saturated fat , and I 'm going to keep it that way . I 'm returning this book for a refund .
 Do NOT buy this book if you want to keep your sanity . I wish I could offer an alternative but have not found a reasonable one - yet . My main beef with the book is the units of measures - they are all over the place , and , in many cases , useless . For example
 I need nutrients as well as calories , protein , carbs , sodium , fiber , fat , saturated fat , cholesterol , and % fat calories . This book does not cover nutrients .
 I think this book should give more than one definition for the names . It should also give meanings from different languages
 Anyon wrote a provocative article a number of years ago which I still use in my teacher education classes . But this new book is troubling to me . She fails to look at the national systemic causes of institutional racism and seems to blame those in the local schools . I do n't know New Jersey - maybe she is right about that city . But I do know other urban districts , and it is natioanl systems of testing , curriculum , funding , bureaucracy , and irrelevant teacher credentialing which oppress both those who attempt to educate and those who attempt to be educated . The African-American teachers in New Jersey tried to tell Anyon that , but she did n't listen .
 Anyon wrote a provocative article a number of years ago which I still use in my teacher education classes . But this new book is troubling to me . She fails to look at the national systemic causes of institutional racism and seems to blame those in the local schools . I do n't know New Jersey - maybe she is right about that city . But I do know other urban districts , and it is natioanl systems of testing , curriculum , funding , bureaucracy , and irrelevant teacher credentialing which oppresses both those who attempt to educate and those who attempt to be educated . The African-American teachers in New Jersey tried to tell Anyon that , but she did n't listen .
 I picked this book up thinking it would be good -LRB- yes , I judge books by the covers -RRB- . It was awful ... I am not sure why I even kept reading it all the way through . There is no action or anything . He and his brother are poor , his brother gets girls -LRB- he does n't -RRB- ... boring . . boring . I do n't even know what the author was trying to communicate with the audience . If you do n't want to waste your time , do n't read this book .
 This was a school assignment for my son . I read the book first so I could quiz him on it . It is in my top 5 of the worst books ever ! Do n't waste your time ... unless it 's a mandatory school assignment .
 Good as a primer , there are others that are more detailed . But , buy & read all you can , cheaper than the smallest `` mistake '' .
 Each soup alone has over 20g of carbs ! And that 's just for soup not a meal ! To lose weight -LRB- not just maintain your current weight -RRB- you can only eat 20-30grams of carbs per day , not per meal.Most of these veggie cookbooks are for the rich anyway , a lot of the ingredients are only available at fancy-pants stores like whole foods . I hate to say it but diets like Atkins are within reach for low-income folks . Who has time -LRB- or money -RRB- to find something called ` mirin ' whatever that is
 Having owned and enjoyed the authors other cookbooks , getting this one was an easy decision . The good reviews helped as well.After trying a few of the recipes , I call foul.Sauces with no thickening agent were runny , dressings were bland , and main entries that were just not palatable.I 'll just tweak recipes from current cookbooks to make them low carb.Oh , and on a side note , it was interesting to note that on the authors web site , this title is not even mentioned among her many other , and delightful , books .
 Though this book is labeled vegetarian it is in fact a vegan recipe book , which is disappointing since eggs are a great source of nutrition in our diet . If that had been clear from the title I would n't have bothered with it , and unless you 're looking for vegan recipes primarily it 's probably not worth the money . There are a few places where she suggests you could add cheese , but nothing that takes advantage of the variety of possibilities for a real vegetarian which of course include eggs and cheese . I think it 's pretty manipulative to call it a vegetarian cook-book when it is not.Also , most of the recipes are based on tomatoes , mushrooms and eggplant - the pretty standard and boring vegetarian go-to veggies . I was hoping that someone who takes vegetarian living seriously might have a bit more inventiveness - there are only three kinds of squash used in the recipes for example , and not a single turnip or beet recipe in the index . The variety is really poor . And in the ` main dish ' section most of the recipes are just larger portions of side-dishes -LRB- three-rice pilaf or roasted vegetables -RRB- . Worst of all , most of the recipes are n't really any lower-carb than we usually have . She eliminates processed and refined carbs and sugars like white rice and pasta , but we figured that out for ourselves years ago . This book is more or less a waste for anyone who is interested in expanding their repertoire of recipes .
 I 'm not sure what other people are looking for in a cookbook but for a busy mom like me this cookbook was n't ideal , most of the recipes required 10 + ingredients many of which are not commonly found in the kitchen or grocery store . If you are the type of person who has unlimited amount of time to prep and cook your meals then this book would most likely be a great addition to your library but if you 're like me and have only 20 minutes TOPS to get something in the oven or on the table then I 'd suggest you look elsewhere .
 I have several go-to vegetarian cookbooks which have similar recipes . I was looking for recipes with more vegetarian protein sources , such as tempeh and seitan . There are only a couple with the former and the latter is n't even mentioned . Maybe my fault for assuming low carb equates to higher protein .
 Every recipe I have tried thus far has been either 1 -RRB- bland or 2 -RRB- outright disgusting . I need to throw this book away before I waste more time and money on disastrous recipes.Silken Chocolate pie
 This looked great at first ... but then I started looking at the calorie counts for most of the dishes . Most of the Main Dishes have less than 200 calories , some have less than 100 . I do n't have time to cook and eat 8-10 meals per day .
 It 's a trick ! unless you have a religious outlook do n't buy this book ! Just got it today and it sneaks in all sorts of nonsense .
 I bought this at a Barnes and noble , so I did n't have these reviews to guide me before my purchase.While I realize the irony in writing an angry review about an ` anger management ' book , I am a little peeved that I when I bought this , it was , first of all , in the regular psychology section , and as I read the back , read the table of contents , and first few pages , NO WHERE was there any mention of it being a christian book!I felt pretty stupid when I got home started reading about how the evils of pornography and living a hedonistic lifestyle is contributing to your anger problems ... What ??? Next time I 'll read the `` about the author '' section , which revealed it 's written by a christian counselor ... whoops.Just thought I 'd give others a heads up on what they 're buying , in case you flip through in a hurry like I did , and discover reading bible versus just makes you MORE angry , because that would just be counter-intuitive : -RRB-
 There was no information in the summary information on Amazon -LRB- and there is no information on the cover of the book -RRB- to tell you that this is a Christian oriented program . I like to separate my psychology and my spirituality . I was looking for something to use with clients who may or may not be Christian . It has many biblical quotes and refers to our innate or inborn sinful nature as being the cause of anger . It says that anger management is linked to spiritual stability .
 If you 're not seeking religious advice for your anger management , be warned that this book is by and for Christians , and published by one of the largest Christian publishing houses . You wo n't find this mentioned on the back cover or the table of contents , but all of the chapters have to do with Christian spirituality . Can come as a surprise if you were just looking for some secular communication tips and self-soothing techniques !
 I am , ironically , angry , after browsing through the Anger Workbook ! There was no indication it was Christian based and now I feel ... well angry !
 I am a Christian psychologist and bought this on the Minirth-Meier reputation . Having used it with several clients , I 'm not impressed . First , it 's pervasive Biblical answers without presenting them in ways palatable for non-Christians makes it a poor tool to use with anyone other than Christians . Secondly , the book 's vocabulary is written at the college level . I have a Ph.D. myself and can easily read and understand it , but good communication uses the most commonly used and clearly understood words ; why fill a book with long words and jargon when you 're trying to communicate to a broad audience ? Third , I thought the emphasis of the book was strongly tilted to subconscious or preconscious emotionally driven ideas , with relatively little presented on basic and practical anger managment tools and how to apply them in different situations . I applaud the authors ' attempts to communicate anger management principles in light of Scripture , but am disappointed in how they put it together .
 When I purchased this book , I did not read the fine print . There is no labeling whatsoever that this book is fundamentally Christian based . The only indicator is the very fine print on the back cover , which most people would probably not see when purchasing this book . The reasons for anger are in-depth and can easily relate to anyone 's life , however , the solutions are not for everyone . If you are not a fundamental Christian , the book can be interpreted as insulting , as not everyone lives their life thinking that everything they do/think/feel / say is based in what the authors may call `` sin . '' I wish I would have read reviews myself prior to purchasing this book .
 Unfortunately , this book just made me more angry.This book might be okay for a person who subscribes to the religious views of the authors , but since I do not , I was annoyed at having been duped into buying a religious book under the guise of a psychology book , not to mention the bad advice inside it . I tried to get through it anyway , but after two valiant attempts -LRB- if I do say so myself -RRB- I decided I could n't do it . I wish I could get my money back but unfortunately I wrote it in -LRB- as the book instructs -RRB- before I saw the religious stuff . Also , nowhere on the front does it say anything about religion , and only in tiny , tiny text above the barcode does it say it should be categorized as `` religious '' and the category `` psychology '' is absent .
 I work for a correctional institution doing therapy and assessment with inmates . My treatment team ordered this book thinking it would have good information to give to the men we work with . We were completely SHOCKED to find out that this book is Christian based ! It says NOTHING about being religious based on the front , the back , or in any description . Yet , the book quotes the Bible and expresses explicitly Christian ideas . Because we work in a state facility , we can not use this book . The authors need to state clearly on the front of the book and in the description that the book expresses Christian ideas and is designed for Christian readers . We were very very disappointed !
 I was excited about reading this book as the text on the back and the information listed on the cover advised I would find answers on dealing with anger and ways to counter anger within yourself . I was dismayed to find that the book uses the bible to help resolve issues without going into greater detail within the book . I can understand how a christian viewpoint can be considered helpful , but was disappointed that the book makes no reference to the christian viewpoint on the back of the book . There is a brief reference in the acknowledgements about christian integrity in printing , but it is hardly sufficient notification prior to purchasing and reading the book . Unless you are looking for a book with a christian agenda on dealing with anger I would advise to pass on this book .
 The cover and description of the book do not express that Les Carter and Frank Minirth are really only interested in appealing to Christians or people who want to convert to Christianity . I look to books like this for scientific reasoning , but was greatly put off when it started quoting Jesus on page 11 -LRB- after prompting the reader to complete workbook questions on previous pages therefore making the book unreturnable . -RRB- Anyway , I think it 's a shame the authors do not put `` For Christians Only '' on the cover so at least their book would only end up in the hands they intended .
 I bought the book to help me understand someone who I feel has anger problems . After about two chapters , I determined it would not help me but decided to keep reading , hoping it would get better . For me , the book posed many causes of anger , but never did propose specific solutions . A lot of theories with no substance . I quit at page 178 . I was able to tolerate the abundance of religious context , but when Dr. Carter put forth the proposition that criminal behavior is the result of environment rather than free choice , I closed the book forever .
 If you want a book that 's based on religion , not psychology and practical ways to deal with your anger -LRB- as I was expecting -RRB- , then this book may be for you . If , like me , you want a book that deals with anger from a psychological/behavioural stand point , then look elsewhere , as -LRB- like me -RRB- , you may be angered by all the biblical / God/Lord references in this book and find it better suited to kindling or the recycle bin ... time for me to go find a ` real ' book on this topic now ...
 The book is full of religious references , and not especially helpful overall . I would not recommend this book for anyone dealing with angry people or angry themselves .
 I was happily working through the exercises in this book when suddenly on page eleven the Christian references began . Since I had written in the spaces provided I could not return it . It may be a fine book but if you are not Christian I suggest you try one of the other anger self-help books .
 Not the best workbook I have seen . It is not very interactive either . It also has a lot of references to religion .
 There is nothing in the title or on the cover to indicate that this is a book whose sole intention is to convert you to Christianity.The first two pages are about anger , but by page three you are being told that Jesus loves you.Sad , that religious people feel the need to deceive others in order to get out their message .
 I ordered this book because I thought it would be helpful in my work with troubled adolescents at a non-denominational residential treatment center . Boy was I wrong ! It seems like there 's not one page without NUMEROUS references to bible passages ! I could n't even make sense of what the authors were trying to say when connnecting their points to stories in the bible . This book is useless for my work and now I ca n't even return it ! It should have been made VERY clear on the description of this book that it is WRITTEN FROM A CHRISTIAN PERSPECTIVE ! All the Minirth-Meier Clinic series books should have that label/caution on them .
 This book professes to be for all people , but is in fact , just for the devoutly religious . I could not finish it because it was so faith based , it made me sick to my stomach . Maybe some people can just give over control of their lives to God , but I can not . I do n't think that the reason for anger is our sins , as the previous reviewer has written , but I do think this book is deceptive . Nowhere on the cover does it mention that this book will try to get you to give your anger over to God and let him take care of you , but that is exactly what this book tells you . It is a total waste of money .
 Deceptive , this is a book with a strong religious content . It assumes the reader has a strong reliance in God to solve his/her anger issues .
 Wow , I know that I can be a fool , but I was definately robbed of $ 16.00 , even after reading the front and back of this very deceiving book ! I mean , I know that I need help with anger , but this book just seemed to make me ANGRIER ! I spent $ 16.00 on a wanna-be Bible -LRB- Something I could have gotten for free at my FORMER Church -RRB- and the contents only seemed to anger me more ! Not only did half of their text not make sense , their descriptions of anger and recognizing anger only seemed to categorize the entirety of this country ! The verbage used and perspective in which this ~ story ~ is told borderlines an autobiography of a man named `` Tom '' . If you like a good bedtime story , like to waste time and money , and do not need real anger management help , then by all means buy this `` novel '' . My opinion ~ Dont waste your time or money , you already wasted enough reading my review ! Kyle ...
 As thought Christians are the only ones who get angry ... Or as though , if you want to work with anger more constructively , you ought to become a Christian ... This book serves to put off many readers because of it 's failure to be inclusive .
 this book is for christians and i am not a christian . i can not use this in my work as it is illegal for me to foster christian beliefs on my residential clients . i was very disappointed in it as it was noted nowhere it was christian based . i feel ripped off .
 I agree with the other people who thought that This book was too Christian . Neither the front nor the back of the book mentioned how Christian the book was . I would have returned it as soon as I realized , but I had already written in it -LRB- it is a WORKBOOK after all -RRB- . I felt totally ripped off and let down
 I wish had thought to check out the reviews on a site such as this BEFORE I bought the book . Considering this is a work which is supposedly meant to help people overcome toxic anger , I imagine many people feel even more angry upon discovering the very heavy Christian slant of the book .
 As person who recently realized they have a problem with quiet anger I was heartened to find this book . The Description on the back cover seemed to describe a good methodology to work on anger management and the first chapter was encouraging.However , it quickly became evident that there was a lot of religious content in the book and in some cases it was counterproductive . Not all of us can simply believe that God made this so and we need faith to press on.There is a lot of good material in this book . However , after progressing a third of a way through it I simply could n't take the religious references and leaps of faith the authors used to dilute what was a promising way of handling anger.An actively practicing Chrisian would probably find this book helpful . Anyone else should keep looking .
 I started reading and unexpectedly came across religious/Christian context . It was very off putting . Plus the book is a little out dated having a copyright from the 1990 's .
 the pages were seperating from the binder and the price on the cover was blackened out , small tear on front cover .
 I was attracted to this book by the title and by the fact that Doris Lessing has won the Nobel Prize in literature in 2007 -LRB- highlighted in the cover -RRB- . The book starts by narrating the life of Frances in London in the 1960s in a big house with several residents . It dwells on the popularity of communism at that time , and its failed promises , often reminding me of ` Animal Farm ' . Overall , as a book and as a novel , I found it uninteresting and difficult to read . There are too many irrelevant characters such as Jill and Geoffrey ; the timeline is sometime very slow , sometimes very fast , sometimes skipping several years at once ; some major events take only some paragraphs , while other more trivial ones take several pages ; and the focus of the book shifts from one character to another , to Sylvia . It definitely lacks a storyline that gives cohesion and life to the book , it lacks drama , suspense , romance ... and it left me wondering what was the book title all about .
 I found this novel to be cumbersome and uninspiring . There was not one likable character . I wanted to take Frances by the shoulders and shake some sense into her .
 Anita Shapira 's New Republic essay , `` The Past is Not a Foreign Country , '' -LRB- online -RRB- decimates this book . Adding to Efraim Karsh 's 1996 study -LRB- Fabricating Israeli History -RRB- , she reminds readers that Morris failed to reply . He ignored 50 Karsh references to his own work , Avi Shlaim , primary sources and major historical and journalistic studies.In this work , Morris ironically refers to many of Karsh 's sources , but nevertheless arrives at incorrect conclusions . The book is thus a politically charged revision of the Israeli-Arab conflict covering the pre-1948 through the history of Arab wars on Israel . The book shows culprits and casualties , and blames Arab regimes for violent incursions into Israel in the 1950s , for the secret war between Israel and terrorist groups , for Naser 's threat to Israel before the Sinai and Six-Day wars , and for many Arab calls for Israel 's destruction . Moreover , while Morris notes that Israel 's West Bank and Gaza rule `` was never as restrictive or repressive as the Palestinians made out , '' -- which is certainly true -- in this book , he nevertheless misconstrues the greater part of fact and history.One big problem is Morris ' large reliance on Israeli and secondary sources . He consults only a few primary Arab documents -LRB- and those , only in English translation -RRB- , thus all but ignoring available Arab memoirs and state files . Oddly , Morris exploits every Israeli contingency plan and idea as conclusive evidence of Zionist expansionism , but ignores Arab plans for a `` Greater Syria '' as well as King Hussein 's designs.Another is Morris ' exclusion of regional effects of the cold war , and Soviet arms that poured into Egypt , Lebanon , Syria and other Arab states , worsening Arab-Israeli relations from the 1950s on . In short , Morris ignores the fact that the opportunity for Arab-Israeli peace opened up only following the collapse of the Soviet Union , which left Arab hard-liners without support for their traditional rejections.Worse , Morris misconstrues the notorious topic of '' transfer , '' a term commonly used between the two world wars to describe population exchanges like that between Turkey and Greece in the 1920s . In his first work on that topic , Morris rightly concluded that the `` Palestinian refugee problem was born of war , not by design , Jewish or Arab , '' but was -LRB- rather -RRB- a by-product of both people 's fears and the protracted , bitter fighting of the first Arab-Israeli war . But that conclusion provoked attacks from Arab historians and Israeli revisionists.Whatever the reason , Morris in this book reverses his earlier conclusion , standing history on its head . He makes effect into cause , and falsely translates the results of war into a paradigm for Arab-Jewish relations . He writes , `` fear of territorial displacement and dispossession was to be the chief motor of Arab antagonism to Zionism down to 1948 -LRB- and indeed after 1967 as well -RRB- . `` This reading libels Zionism and its foundations.Actually , the Peel Commission first proposed in 1937 , to transfer the Arab minority from territory designated for the tiny Jewish state as part of a planned partition of western Palestine into Jewish and Arab states -LRB- as noted inIsrael 's WarsandThe Closed Circleamong other volumes -RRB- . Morris presumes that Zionist leaders `` played a role in persuading the Peel Commission to adopt the transfer solution . '' But he provides zero proof.In fact , Ben-Gurion welcomed the British idea only to persuade Zionists to accept a tiny Jewish state -LRB- and the proposed partition -RRB- -- but also warned of its inherent dangers . Furthermore , Zionist leaders believed that a Jewish majority would come from massive immigration , and that Western Palestine could accommodate millions of Jews and Arabs . History proved them right on that score , although the peace they expected remains ever-elusive . The Arabs initiated war in 1948 in preference to accepting a Jewish state -- and thought they could win . And everywhere they prevailed , Arabs expelled every last Jew . Benny Morris should get real . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 Any book on the Arab Israeli conflict that is not 100 % pro- Israel is labeled as objective , critical and balanced in the US . In his book , Benny Morris discusses some aspects of the Palestinian sufferings such as mass uprooting and forceful deportations of the Palestinian people and to a limited extent other forms collective punishments which makes his book a balanced and critical book for the NY Times and the Washington Post . However , I do not see this book as objective but rather as an attempt to lay the blame squarely on the Palestinian people . He portrays the Palestinians as uncompromising , prone to violence , unsympathetic to the Jewish suffering and human suffering as well , while the Israelis as the opposite
 Morris ' review is coloured in his attempt to provide equity between Palestinians and Israelis . Historically , the bottom line is that Israel absorbed almost 1 million Arab and Perisan Jews , while the Arabs failed to absorb less than half a million displaced Arabs from the creation of Israel . -LRB- Population transfer was the original mandate for Israel , see League of Nations Mandates of 1917 , which also created mandates for independent states such as Syria , Lebanon , Jordan , and Egypt , and were affirmed in the first paragraph of the UN Charter -RRB- If you 're looking for historically documented facts , I suggest Joan Peters ' ` From Time Immemorial ' . She is a journalist who set out to write a pro-Palestinian book and ended up finding -LRB- in almost exclusively Arab sources -RRB- a strong history which debunks current Arab claims about refugees and the right of Israel to exist in all of the land west of the Jordan river . For instance , it is interesting that even the UN claims that only 20 % of the Arab refugees were landowners -LRB- and that the other 80 % were migrant workers from other Arab lands and not indigenous to Israel at all -RRB- , and that these displaced persons were included in the refugee rolls because Arab countries refused to take them back -LSB- and they needed shelter and food , which UNRWA could provide -RRB- . We find from Peters ' multiple Arab sources that Arabs openly stated repeatedly that they would use these non-refugees politically -LRB- and so far successfully -RRB- in attempts to destroy nascent Israel . Morris also completely ignored the facts that 1 -RRB- until 1981 , most Palestinian refugees held Jordanian citizenship , and 2 -RRB- that Jordanian law , based on the Mandate from 1917 , carries a clause which stipulated -LSB- until 1981 -RSB- that all non-Jewish Palestians have a ` right of return ' to Jordan . Peters ' book is completely annotated , and as I mentioned earlier , her sources are almost exclusively Arab , which lends her book a lot of validity and debunks the most basic premises ' of revisionist histories of the conflict .
 Not at all even handed . Morris makes sweeping statements about what an entire group of people were thinking or feeling based on antidotal evidence at best . Anyone looking to this book to educate themselves about the history of the region should also know that the author has since recanted much of the editorializing he did in these pages . Besides being misleading , it 's dense , boring and long . I recommend it only in lieu of a sleeping pill . Look for my copy on the `` used books '' shelf .
 The book pretty much presents itself the opposite of what it claims to be about . How can you just expect teenagers to avoid the dangers if you do n't allow them to be well educated about it . Remember the `` Just say no '' program that was supposed to bring down drug addiction ? Well , telling teenagers simply not to do it only encouraged more of the same and it 's certainly no different when it comes to sex . No wonder the Bible belt has higher cases of teen pregnancy for following Dobson 's pathetic advice whereas the West coast and the Northeast have far lower numbers and percentages of teen pregnancy by providing sex education to students . If you 're going to read this book , be warned that the author is just another rightwing special interest hack .
 One of the most biased aspects of this book is found in the recounting the l991 legal ordeal of Frithjof Schuon , known as the pre-eminent spokesman for the Religio Perennis in the 20th century . The author states that as a result of the allegations of Mark Koslow , Schuon was indicted by grand jury , which is true . However , the author goes on to state that the charges were `` mysteriously dropped '' even though there was `` an abundance of evidence '' . As a resident of Bloomington , Indiana where these events occured I would like to correct the false information reported in Mr. al-Rawandi 's book . Shortly after the formal charges were filed , as soon as the chief prosecutor began to review the evidence , the assistant prosecutor who was in charge of the investigation was fired . The charges were immediately dropped and a formal public apology issued to Schuon . The prosecutor publicly stated that `` there is not one shred of evidence '' to support the charges against Schuon ; that a `` miscarriage has occured '' ; and that Koslow `` has come under a very large cloud of credibility '' . All of these statements may be found in the November 21 , l991 edition of the Bloomington Herald-Times newspaper . Further , the same newspaper in its November 26 lead editorial `` Schuon Case a Travesty '' sharply criticized the prosecutor 's inattention to the case while he was out of town running for a state-wide political office . Either Mr. al-Rawandi did not bother to research the facts before falsely supporting this attack on Schuon , or he purposely distorted the facts to support his case . In either case , it seriously calls the credibility of the rest of his book into question .
 Written by a failed spiritual seeker turned anti-spiritual polemical secularist , this book lacks the substance and insight possessed by a vaguely similar but nevertheless far superior work of disenchantment , Jeffrey Masson 's * My Father 's Guru * . Having spent three years attempting without success to follow the Sufi path , Ibn al-Rawandi in this book returns to Sufism but weakly flails about in his efforts to exact from it his revenge . Ultimately his message is that if you are a rationalist and do not believe in spiritual transformation , do not get involved in Sufism . Sound advice -- but is n't this obvious ?! The bottom line , though , is that a good piece of yellow journalism should at least be a juicy and engaging read . Sadly , this work is by and large flat . So if you want a book on spiritual disenchantment , read Masson . If you want something on Sufism , read anything but Ibn al-Rawandi .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge was a very interesting novel . In my opinion Hardy uses too much irony , and this kills the fun of the whole topic . It is true that every day is filled with irony , but it should n't be in somthing someone is reading . the novel also should n't be too predictable , I guess that 's why Hardy likes irony . If you are a reader who likes suspense and tragedy then this book is for you .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 This book is similar to a Dickens novel in that it seeks not to reach perfection , but to please its audience at the time . Like Dickens , it is very dry and filled with hard to believe coincidences that make the story hard to swallow . Still , Hardy paints a very lively , realistic and flowing impression of the English countryside in the early days , before the industrial revolution . I would recommend this only if you are obsessed with Hardy , if you have run out of books to read -LRB- try Fifth Business by Robertson Davies -RRB- or if you are forced to read this as a part of some course .
 The book is essentially a daytime soap opera . Except , none of the characters are likeable.My suggestion
 I began reading this novel since it has such a great reputation as being a `` classic . '' However , after reading well over a hundred pages , the book failed to keep my attention in the least bit . The plot is weak and pathetic , and the characters are too one-dimensional . Although it may pick up later , it certainly is not worth it .
 I read this book for a class , and I am sorry to say that it was a disappointment . It is a silly tale , and totally unrealistic . I can not believe that something like this could be considered a `` classic '' . Mike sure made some dumb choices , and it is unrealistic ! No one could make that many blunders . It was bogged down by unnecessary details , etc. . All-in-all , a 100 % waste . Do n't buy this book . You 've been warned .
 Luckily I have the physical book too so was able to read the missing bit . Suggest you try another kindle version .
 Even though it is free , and I appreciate that , there was about a chapter missing . I would suggest this either be fixed , or the book removed from sale .
 IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS BOOK , SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME AND WALK INTO ONCOMING TRAFFIC NOW ! I was forced to read this book for my english class . It was terrible ! Sure the plot line , and even some of the characterization was fine , but MY GOD THE DESCRIPTION goes on and on and on and on . Theres almost 4 pages dedicated to describing a building ! If I was given the choice between reading this book , or hitting myself in the head with it for the rest of my life , I would go with the hitting on the head one ... becuase i 'm sure its even less brain-numbing than Hardy 's writing .
 The book itself is excellent . Thomas Hardy was a master writer , and look no further than the fact that he makes a story about a person that buys and sells corn interesting . But , the kindle edition is , like the title of the review says , missing a chunk of the text . There might be other parts omitted , but that 's the only one I 've caught.Perhaps this is evidence that you get what you pay for .
 I read this book for my English exam and after reading it , I can not understand how it can be described as a classic novel . The only possible reason that I can come up with is that people in 19th century England , did not have things like T.V. and so were absolutely desperate for anything to entertain themselves . This is possibly the most boring book that I have ever read . Nothing happens ! I feel that a lot of people call this book a classic simply because some literary expert happened to like it once , and so these people , in a vain attempt to appear more intelligent than they are , simply churn out someone else 's opinion , without actually thinking of their own response to the novel . I do n't know how many copies of this book have been printed , but it is bound to be a large number , and all I can say is that it is a huge waste of paper which could have been put to better use elsewhere . I wish that I had not wasted some of my life reading this book .
 I have recently read this book -LRB- not out of choice -RRB- and I am at a loss to understand why Hardy wrote this and why anyone would willingly read this for `` fun '' . I agree wholeheartedly with the author of `` Classically Boring '' as this book is complete excrement . People are always going on about how we should stop cutting down the rainforest etc. and if this is what all those trees are turned into , then I 'm with them 100 % .
 This book was originally written to be printed in newspapers , newspapers were then used to wipe one 's posterior . I feel i have already said enough .
 Modern novels can be so pretentious , with their needless philosophizing and conscious experimentation with the language . So is n't nice to read a classic novel with straight-forward writing that aims for no insight into society or people ? Actually no , it 's kind of depressing . The Mayor of Casterbridge relies on coincidence , melodrama , and , as the afterword in my edition puts it , `` the constant exploitation of chance happenings to determine situation and hence the fate of his characters . '' I chose this Hardy novel because it was supposed to be character-centered . The story starts with Michael Henchard selling his wife and child at a fair . I thought this book would examine his redemption , it would be a Lord Jim type tale of profound psychological insight . A strange event like that is a good way to get a book started , but the crazy , unlikely events just keep a-coming . You feel nothing for the characters , ever . You learn nothing in the end , except life is cruel and if something can go wrong , it will . Read something else .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' ought to be the model of what a classic is not . Books deemed as a `` classic '' are said to be everlasting and universal in its message . This book does not spread its wings into our era , and it does not apply to everyone in some way , unless you 've experienced paternity uncertainty and emotional neglect . The characters are rigid , changing without reason , and lacking practical emotions . Michael Henchard is repulsive from the start , from when he sells his wife and child , to his emotional withdrawal towards the young woman who turned out to be his non-biological daughter , to hiding the truth of who her father actually was to Elizabeth-Jane , so one can not pity his outcome . Elizabeth-Jane , the non-biological daughter of Henchard , was completely void of personality . `` Blas&eacute; '' has more personality than Elizabeth-Jane . After a tennis match type life , of being flung back and forth between fathers , to marrying Donald Farfrae who one day courted her , married another woman -LRB- who just happened to be the landlord of the house Elizabeth-Jane was living at , at the time -RRB- , and then realized his affection for her , Elizabeth-Jane would 've been a prime candidate for therapy -LRB- how could she give her heart to men who kept being introduced as her father ? -RRB- , but instead acted as if she was a spokesperson normalcy . Finally , Donald Farfrae , a Scotsman , who was the poster boy for blandness , never really showed growth . He was always monotone , and I could not tell if he found Elizabeth-Jane 's biological father to scorn Henchard , or truly help Elizabeth-Jane find the truth . I felt naught for the characters but purposelessness , and the story itself was uncreative and improbable . I do no recommend .
 I recently had to read this book as part of my English GCSE and I can honestly say that much paper has been wasted and our trees are being destroyed to churn out a book , which is quite frankly absolutly awfull . I also am very glad that I was not around to ever meet Thomas Hardy as from this book it sounds to me that he may well of been a manic depresent , also in most , if not all , of his other books they all end in a very sad a depressing way . Hardy describes Henchard as ` dogged ' and i feel if you want to read this you too will have to be dogged and determind to start and finish this book .
 With her first novel , Saving Agnes , Rachel Cusk laid the foundation for her writing . The Temporary is her second novel . It was published in 1995 , two years after her first . And I see improvement . The author is using fewer words , and in places , she goes deep . Overall , though , the writing is uneven . Here is a highlight : `` He groped for a date and remembered then that it was still only February . The year stretched before him in all its unavoidable detail , the hundreds of days and thousands of hours which he would endure as if something more lay at their end than mere repetition . He wished that he could be tricked , as others seemed to be , by the close of each week , seeing in their false endings the immience of some sort of conclusion , like a soap opera . He wondered why he had never fallen into step with this pattern of days , comprehended in the helpful clarity of a week 's tiny eras-birth , growth , productivity , decline , dormancy , regeneration , played out beneath the celestial presence of longer phases of weather-a system that might ease the slow construction of his life . `` I 'm off to read her next novel .
 A refreshingly non-bubbly book full of detailed medical and statistical information , but is it all nonsense?The references to astrology are the first tip -LRB- pg 9 , 10 , 36 . -RRB- The inability to distinguish correlation from causality is the next -LRB- castor oil preventing hare lip , pg 183 . -RRB- But the worst is the entire chapter on fetal memories , recovered with the aid of hypnotic or primal therapy . The author remembers knowing about , while still a fetus , not just the death of her sibling , but the death of her theoretical twin , whose existence is unsupported by any other evidence.On top of this are the obvious errors
 I was very disappointed overall with this book . In particular , the misinformation perpetuated by this author in the section on diet and nutrition was shocking . The author advocates `` free range '' and `` more natural '' animal products in place of tested , safe chicken and dairy products . As a veterinarian and graduate of The Ohio State University College of Food , Agriculture , and Environmental Sciences , I can testify that the quality of such `` natural '' products is often much lower than their farm-grown counterparts . Furthermore , the agricultural processes decried by this author in fact serve to make our food supply safer than ever before . Certainly this book does not present an `` expert '' opinion , nor does it provide safe and accurate information for the women who need it most . As far as the rest of the information in this book , I found it outdated and , in other cases , inaccurate . The author apparently has never been through a twin pregnancy herself ; she is not particularly sensitive to the emotions of the mothers for whom the book is ostensibly written .
 This book scared me to death when I was pregnant . NONE of the terrible things it described happened to me . I feel it was also very one-sided . I agree the reviewer # 1 , The book made you feel bad ! Like being pregnant with twins was going to be a terrible experince , beware!The book was just so negative ! I threw it in the garbage after I had the babies !
 Never was I so worried and scared in my life than when I read this book . I hope and pray that I will never have to use most of the information , because it only deals with the problems , not the pleasures . And I can not believe the book emphasizes using a midwife for multiples !! I 'm happy with my experienced and knowledgeable physician !!
 I was very disappointed overall with this book . In particular , the misinformation perpetuated by this author in the section on diet and nutrition was shocking . The author advocates `` free range '' and `` more natural '' animal products in place of tested , safe chicken and dairy products . As a veterinarian and graduate of The Ohio State University College of Food , Agriculture , and Environmental Sciences , I can testify that the quality of such `` natural '' products is often much lower than their farm-grown counterparts . Furthermore , the agricultural processes decried by this author in fact serve to make our food supply safer than ever before . Certainly this book does not present an `` expert '' opinion , nor does it provide safe and accurate information for the women who need it most . As far as the rest of the information in this book , I found it outdated and , in other cases , inaccurate . The author apparently has never been through a twin pregnancy herself ; she is not particularly sensitive to the emotions of the mothers for whom the book is ostensibly written .
 There are plenty of other great books on parenting twins & other multiples out there -- do yourself a favor & do n't buy this one ! First of all , it is very technical & difficult/unpleasant to read . Second , it has pictures of women after childbirth with like several feet of hanging extra skin -- not something I needed to see when I was emotional and pregnant with two . It also had the most negative , scary tone . It seemed to tell you all of the things that could go WRONG and very little of what could go right . Let me tell you , from a woman who has been there -- it can go beautifully & without incident -- & not everyone ends up with miles of extra skin on their stomachs . If you buy this book while pregnant , it will only serve to scare the wits out of you . Save yourself the stress and look elsewhere for good information !
 This book was originally written in 1980 and , although a few chapters were added in 1991 , it still reads like the early 80s - a time when a woman really could `` fail '' childbirth ! If you are looking for an excuse to gain 50-60 -LRB- or even 70 ! -RRB- lbs or an excuse to never drink another glass of milk -LRB- according to the author , the idea that milk is good for you is just a myth propagated by the highly government subsidized dairy farmers -RRB- , then this book could be for you . On the other hand , if you 're on bedrest , considering using an epidural or even -LRB- gasp -RRB- a c-section , this book will try to make you feel bad about it.Then there are the chapters about the long term psychological effect of having to share a womb . If you believe , as the author does , that you can remember back to the day you implanted as a little embryo in your mothers womb , then you might think there 's something to this . I just had to laugh.The author cites a lot of conflicting studies about twins and draws whatever conclusions she wants from them . All in all , I did n't get any of the practical advise I was looking for .
 I 've read most of this book and the more I 've read the more bizarre it is . Noble claims that hypertension , anemia , and gestational diabetes are natural aspects of pregnancy that can be harmful if treated . She says bedrest is actually harmful , that ultrasounds increase fetal mortality and left-handedness -LRB- ??? -RRB- and a host of other claims . She implies that those carrying multiples many years ago gave birth to healthy 7-lb each infants with none of the problems that some of us having multiples face today . She is an advocate for veganism , water births , home births , doulas and midwives and avoiding pain meds . Though my twins are big and healthy I certainly did n't take the advice in this book.This is not medically sound advice nor is it objective or open-minded . It is a book of extreme views .
 Having already had one child , I am aware of what childbirth entails , and the associated risks . When I bought this book , I was hoping to have more of a comparative narration of the differences that I would go through with a twin pregnancy . I find that the so called advise that this author gives is not clear , is not helpful , and above all puts a fear on the mother , above and beyond the recognition of risk . The excerpts that are included in the margins are extremely negative , and irrelevent to the reader . Almost every time a doctor is mentioned , the person describes how the doctor did n't / would n't believe them , or that the Dr. did not take anything the patient said seriously . Along with that the exerpts generally describe the doctor as being incompetent in his/her diagnosis . The information that is included in these exerpts is irrelevent to carrying twins - nurses yelling at you because you 're not pushing correctly , or experiences at the doctors office that resulted in the patient being ignored . This information has more to do with the assertiveness of the patient than it does of carrying twins and I found it to be very discouraging . The incessant focus on the loss of one twin is also extremely disturbing . While the occurance can happen , I desperately searched in the book for a positive majority of successful twin births , and this book did nothing to assuage my fears that had been instilled right from the beginning . The authors descriptions of the irreperable damage that having twins will do to your body , does not allow for any alternative methods to avoid such things . Vericose veins , and stretch marks , and incontinence apparently are a guarantee with twins , as is the extra fold of skin that will never go away . Nothing I read in this book gave me anykind of positive outlook for carrying , delivering , or caring for twins . I do not recommend this book to anyone who is expecting twins .
 This book had me convinced that amy twins would have some type of birth defect , or that something would go wrong with my pregnancy , labor , or delivery . I read this when I was on bedrest , and finally had to remove it from my room because it scared me too much . The author seemed only to concentrate on what could go wrong with a twin pregnancy . I would recommend the only other twin book I read - `` Keys to Parenting Twins . '' It 's much more positive ! By the way , my twins were born completely healthy & normal at 36 weeks .
 Noble 's book is best summarized as `` frightening '' and `` far out . '' Her thoughts on twinship experiences in utero sound like something out of the X-Files ; her warnings against the evils of consuming dairy products and foods containing preservatives are pure paranoia ; and the gorey details of multiple pregnancy hazards are nothing short of terrifying . In fact , the positive aspects of having twins are completely ignored . The only redeeming quality of this book would be the last 3-4 chapters dealing with prematurity and dealing with loss . However , this same content can be found in many other less frightening and definitely more positive books , such as `` Twins ! '' by Agnew , Klein and Ganon .
 This was the first book that I bought when I found out that I was expecting twins and I found it to be outdated and full of a lot of biased information . The author has her own thoughts about what type of diet you should eat and advocates natural childbirth but does n't provide a very comprehensive point of view to assist those that may not want to experience childbirth the way that she has . If you share her views then this book will be very helpful to you.I also tried contacting a lot of resources at the back of the book and found most of the numbers to be disconnected .
 While this book did n't scare me , I found it laughable and largely useless for the majority of twin-carrying women who like and trust their obgyns , believe that pain is generally to be avoided , and are actually comforted by the fact that institutions such as hospitals exist . Also , I found the book highly offensive in that it strongly suggested that miscarriage in twin pregnancies is caused by a mother 's doubts about carrying twins . Gee , what a wonderful guilt trip to impose on a grieving mother ...
 I do not recommend this book at all . There is way too much discussion of what can go wrong and too much `` new age '' philosophy that is very strange to me . Elizabeth Noble is under the impression that she had a twin that died in utero and that influences the way she has gone about writing this book . This is very scary reading for any woman pregnant with twins .
 This was the scariest book on twins that I read . If you want to be afraid to eat , sleep or breathe during your entire pregnancy than this is your kind of book . Almost every chapter focuses on a negative aspect of carrying more than one baby and there are more chapters on what can go wrong than what to do to help things go right .
 Having just been told I was expecting twins , I was keen to find a book that could give me the information and reassurance that standard , `` singleton '' pregnancy books could not . But instead of finding useful information and reassurance , I finished this book feeling anxious and alarmed . It focuses far too much on the negative aspects of having twins - loss of one twin , preterm labor , birth complications , vanishing twin syndrome , etc. . It is daunting enough being pregnant with twins without reading a book that reminds me of all the things that can go wrong . In addition , the author offers impractical advice on nutrition and exercise , which in many cases is contrary to advice from the medical profession . Not everyone has the money or the desire to eat seaweed and other `` macrobiotic '' health store food . All in all , I would not recommend this book to any woman expecting twins . It is alarmist and out-of-touch with real pregnant women .
 This book was very disturbing to me -- most notably in its judgmental tone . One very offensive statement
 I bought this book because it seemed to be highly regarded by other parents of multiples . However , I have been disappointed in the overall content . While Elizabeth Noble does a fine job of pointing out that carrying and delivering multiples is often risky -LRB- which I knew -- that 's why I wanted a book ! -RRB- , she inserts a lot of personal bias and commentary into passages that are presumably meant to be factual/informational . Those of us who are not strongly interested in an organic , vegetarian/vegan diet , and those of us who are NOT REMOTELY interested in childbirth without pain meds , might find the tone of the book off-putting . The many cross-references could be valuable resources for the reader , but the references and information do tend to be older . The first edition of the book was published in the early 1980s ; subsequent editing has not addressed Ms. Noble 's reliance on studies from the 1970s . Without more recent information on twin mortality and complications , it is difficult for the reader to determine what is REALLY worrisome or advisable.My biggest concern about this book is its focus on all the things that could go wrong . It 's true that expectant mothers need to be informed , but we also need to be supported and reminded that the vast majority of twin pregnancies result in two perfectly healthy babies . FWIW , * most * resources that I 've seen focus on the scary side -- but the fact that they all do it does n't make it ideal.I plan to buy another , more recent book to get me -LRB- and my babies ! -RRB- through my twin pregnancy .
 Finding out I was pregnant with twins was moving , exciting , shocking and scary . I wanted a book that would help me understand how my pregnancy would be different to a singleton pregnancy , what to expect and some guidelines on how to look after myself . Although the book was informative and I loved the little comments made my mothers of multiples in the borders I did n't feel satisfied . I was more worried than before as the book goes into so much detail about the loss of a twin -LRB- this was the majority of a book -RRB- and premature labor . It started out good explaining the types of multiples and how common they are -LRB- or not -RRB- was interesting but there were very few pictures and I found it to be quite long winded . I must say that although this book was informative I felt more worried and anxious for my twins after reading it than before and was left still not knowing what to expect during my pregnancy .
 I read this book right after I found out that I was having twins . Although I was a little concerned about the financial aspects of having two children , I was very positive about having twins . This book absolutely scared me ! Doom , gloom , and more doom ! After reading it , I thought that I would end up on bedrest early , that my twins would end up in NICU for months , and that all sorts of problems would come up . My husband and I later attended a childbirth class for multiple births and one of the first things that the instructor told us was to NOT read this book . There are so many other books out there that do tell you the risks and the problems , but manage to stay positive . Incidentally , I never was put on bedrest , my girls were born at 36 weeks , they spent one night in NICU and came home with me three days later . Believe me , from talking to other moms of twins and my own experiences , this is much more common than this book would make you believe .
 Quite old and outdated . Had to laugh at some things in this book . Please go with a newer version from this century : - -RRB-
 I read this book while I was pregnant with my twin daughters and found it incredibly depressing and scary . It was filled with morbid quotes from parents who had a bad outcome , along the lines of , `` when not even one of the triplets lived , I went out and got drunk , '' and seemed to dwell on every possible problem and complication to the point that I was quite stressed and anxious when in fact , my twins were born naturally , five days before the predicted due date , had none of the complications this horrible book made me worry about , and were in excellent health . In fact , I so dislike the book that I go out of my way to warn expectant parents of twins to avoid it . In addition , the dietary advice is ridiculous and it 's impossible for even a hearty eater to consume the massive amounts of food this writer claims are necessary to having a healthy baby . So , unless you like being scared , I recommend against buying this book .
 I was looking for a comprehensive , layman terms guide that I can refer to in anticipation of the birth of my twins . This books was n't it . Its seems as if the author forgot her audience , parents that do not have time to completely comprehend each and every detailed paragraph of a page . Extremely busy/expectant/multitasking parents are the norm - they are looking for bite sized data that they can learn from - quickly . Hoping this author takes to heart this feedback and revisits what could be a valuable resource .
 My husband and I found this book to be very antiquated . Since this is my first pregnancy and it 's with twins , I was hoping for information about what to expect and what makes this experience different . While the book has some good information , it 's very negative and spends a great deal of time talking about the risks of a multiple pregnancy and the odds of one dying .
 This could have been a good book but the writer puts in child rape which is gross and does n't have the couple together enough . Teh war is used to take up space and the romance with the slave couple was more believable . Not enough passion and does not cover the war very well
 Ms. Eschenburg takes the arranged-marriage plot device but does n't really give it anything new . The `` hero '' really is n't that likable , and spends half the novel apart from the heroine . They end up together , but the reader is left wondering `` why ? '' The author attempts to fill up the lack of real romance by setting the story against the American Civil War , but makes some mistakes with that as well , and child sexual abuse just flat does not belong in a romance novel AT ALL . That chapter nearly made me lose my lunch and it really did n't add anything to the plot . Not the worst `` romance '' I 've ever read by any means , but definitely not worth the cover price . Buy used .
 As a reader of historical romance , a civil war buff , and a fan of the Outlander series author Diana Gabaldon , who once recommended this book on her web site , I came to this novel fully expecting to like it . I was severely disappointed . This is a middling , at best , romance novel with a pedestrian plot , predictable characters , and a hero and heroine who could n't be more representative of all that 's tedious in the genre . The author seems sincere and there 's a sense that she did her civil war era research , but the book holds no surprises and little inducement for the reader to continue past the first few chapters.If you 're going to write a novel about another spirited , plain but beautiful , impoverished girl-woman who makes a marriage of convenience with a gorgeous , tortured , secretly-sensitive man who-pretends-to-hate-but-really-loves-her than it better be exquisitely plotted and beautifully written . This book is neither .
 Writer uses the war as filler while trying to pass off child molesting as romance . Couple does n't get together until the end of the book . Big disappointment and some mistakes with Civil War history .
 bought this book eagerly because I 'm a Civil War reenactor and love the period . This book is a major disappointment . The hero and heroine do n't get together until the last third of the book . The war is little more than a backdrop `` Oh , this is going to be a terrible thing '' over and over . Instead of real romance , we get child molestation , slave concubinage , the obligatory PC horrors of slavery ... gag . I wanted history and romance and this book fails to deliver . The author also made a few mistakes with her research and does a poor job of depicting historical figures such as General Lee , Stonewall Jackson and others . She tries to describe the heroine looking sexy in pantalets -LRB- which were out of style by the time of the war -RRB- and a camisole -LRB- which is an undergarment that did n't exist yet - women of the period wore chemises -RRB- . If you want to read real Civil War romance written by somebody who really knows the period , buy Heather Graham instead .
 The title of this monograph well describes its subject
 Not sure what the other person was smoking when reviewing this book , but must be a beginner to Dire Straits . This was very poorly done . In many places , the tabs are incorrect . It looks like the transcriber just did what they thought or liked rather than validate it . I would not have bought this book if I had known how wrong it was . I suppose on a plus note it provides an alternate method . Also , the print it too small.Don ' t buy the book . There are free tabs on the internet that are closer to the way it was played .
 This was a book clearly in need of editing . Or one that was submitted in first draft form . Characters would forget who they are talking about mid-conversation , they would repeat their actions . Making for a difficult read , somewhere between annoying and boring . The story 's premise is good , but the telling needs work before this is a worthwile read .
 I appreciate some of what Shaw writes in his introduction , his propositions about relationships between men and women and the need to strive for a humanity that transcends baser human behavior and elevates the race above the current rabble . However , some classist and more-knowledge-able-than-thou language along with misguided eugenics seem to dilute his arguments . He mentions a handbook of the revolution following the play that will tell more . The free Kindle edition does n't include the pamphlet , a big disappointment and likely an omission that may have improved my rating had it been included and had it added to what was said in the play.Earlier reviews mention that the play is hilarious and eye-opening . I did n't find the play funny . It starts out confusing , with two men being proposed as guardians for a grown woman whose father has died -- one of the men is equal in age to her . The play consists of shallow elitists and stereotypical characters written so falsely that the message is nearly lost ; perhaps I did n't catch the sarcasm . There is an absence of emotion towards each other ; all are ruled by selfish desires and sentimentality with Shaw reducing every relationship to logic without emotion or empathy and little evidence of caring , compassion , or grace . I am still somewhat confused as to how Shaw proposes the way relationships with the potential to produce `` Supermen '' ought to be negotiated , but it seems he believes that subterfuge and pretense are favorable over mutual respect and shared goals . If he is being sarcastic , the sarcasm may be more distracting than illuminative.The play seems less a manifesto on how to advance humanity than it does an illustration of prejudicial attitudes towards women by fearful men at the pre-suffrage turn of the twentieth century , as well as a palliative for pious humans who strive to live in a way that might advance the species fearing consequences in the afterlife from a vengeful god . Given twenty-first century culture , this play , for me , has little to offer on current relationships between individuals , between classes , or between humans and their gods .
 1 -RRB- Nobody denies that Nehru was one of the most incompetent leaders India had the misfortune to be governed by . However to blame him for the war , as the author does , is unfair .2 -RRB- Nehru is recognized for his inability to defend India 's territory against Chinese aggression . He is known to have made several wrong decisions that led to India 's complete defeat in the war . He is not KNOWN to have caused the war . To compare him with a psychopath like Chairman Mao is doing him a great disservice . Mao is to be compared with the likes of Hitler , Stalin or Papa Doc . Not by any stretch of imagination ; Nehru . Incompetent , skirt chaser , stupid , vain , bed-hopper - Yes . Pure Evil like Mao - NO . To attribute that India took onChina and refused to negotiate with Chinese is not believable . To expect that diplomacy can work with someone like Mao is simply hilarious .3 -RRB- To implicate that Tibet was an integral part of China -LRB- historically -RRB- is also wrong as many authors have already pointed out . And that Tibetans `` welcomed '' the invasion is an unacceptable gaffe of epic proportions . To say , that India forcibly occupied Tawang under heavy Tibetan `` protest '' is another piece of fiction . Even as I write this review , two youngsters in that unfortunate land self-immolated themselves .4 -RRB- If China is so Miss Goody two-shoes , then how come it has territorial disputes with countries like Japan with which it shares no physical border?I would n't be surprised if this so-called writer was Kim Phelby 's clone -LRB- for Chinese -RRB- . Believing this book , is dishonoring the Dead Tibetans who are giving up their lives everyday under Chinese Tyranny . The cause of the war is simple enough . To teach India a lesson for sheltering Dalai Lama.BTW , the book is VERY BORING ...
 This is a piece of cold-war propaganda from the 1970s . Please save your money and read more modern accounts of the war without the author 's bias .
 I bought both your book as well as Mental Models AS PER YOUR RECOMMENDATION AND REGRETTED THAT MORE.Yours is information vaguely spread along 560 pages and Indi 's book is totally abstract , which I am still trying to understand . I would have appreciated if you could have cut all the fluff in 60 pages instead.GOD KNOWS how do you guys get all the five stars FROM
 I like Shute , and I am a frequent visitor to Queensland , but this novel and its characters seemed dated and unsatisfying . It was a 1952 `` thought experiment '' about a future for Queen Elizabeth and Australia that would bring us up to the present . There is a political agenda ; this is less a `` yarn '' than what Shute is known for .
 This book reads more like short stories of the authors experiences , mixed in with stories of other peoples experiences . Each chapter is presented at the most beginner level , which is nice , but repeats very simple ideas , then flies off into 10 pages of a related story . If you are looking to simply just take the cap off the bottle of psychic development this is the book . If you want to read about the author plus Jane , Dick and Joes success then this is most def . the book .
 Do n't bother with this book ... The info is not up-to-date . I bought it used and cheap , and it still was n't worth it .
 While the information in this book might be a good starting point for someone totally new to thyroid disorders , I found it too basic , and too entrenched in mainstream theory and treatments to be helpful . Too much repeating of information easily found on just about any thyroid drug manufacturer 's website , or just from surfing around the web . It is not a book I kept for my personal library -- which for me -LRB- books are life ! -RRB- is unusual .
 This book is far too basic , with information easily found by a quick internet search . Scarce on facts and high on opinion , this book was clearly written with someone unfamiliar with medicine but with marketing savvy .
 I was disaapointed with the content of the book . I was hoping for something that was much more cutting edge , not just the basic mainstream medical community approach . While it is great to see all of the hormones discussed , it did n't go far enough for me .
 i am swiss . i have n't used this product , and i do n't intend to ; here 's why
 This book is just plain bad.The source code is awful . Not only is it poorly formatted , sometimes incorrect and in an annoying mix of C# and VB.NET , but the examples are often horribly incomplete . I usually read programming books by skimming the source and text at the same time but I ca n't do that in . NET Multithreading because many of the examples are just snippets and are lacking in important information such as types . I was often forced to either slog through the text or hit MSDN to figure out what was going on.The other reviewers ' comments on the lack of depth are right on the mark . You 'll get enough information to write trivial little applications , but that 's about it . To its credit , the book does do a decent job of warning you about multithreading problems , though I think it should do a better job of instilling a healthy sense of fear in threading newbies.If you really want to understand multithreading , I 'd recommend reading Tannenbaum 's OS book for the basics , followed by the MSDN literature for . NET specifics . It also helps to read a book on Win32 multithreading so you can understand what 's going on underneath the . NET layer . You should also read Debugging Applications for Microsoft . NET and Microsoft Windows.I probably would not buy this book again .
 I 've been working with C# . NET and bought the book to see if it could shed some light on . NET threading . Unfortunately , the book lacks depth . The threading model in C# is a completely different model than Java . In java , threads are owned by parent thread or set as a daemon thread . In C# , the threading is client centric and designed for atomic processes . For example , the book does n't cover examples where an application has persistent threads running as server processes to maximize object/thread reuse for stateful applications . Not all uses of threading is simplistic as the examples provided in the book . Overall , the book is a decent intro , but it 's far from being thorough and complete . In server environments where you want a master thread to manage a pool of 20-100 threads , . NET simply is n't designed for it . The maximum threads in threadpool class is 25 , which makes it totally inappropriate for many heavy-weight applications . For hard core programmers , the book is pretty useless and wo n't provide any insight .
 A TON of the quotes in this book are religious in nature -- whether they be bible verses , quotes about `` god in christ , '' about faith , praying , etc , etc ! As an Atheist , I did n't appreciate having so many religious quotes in what is billed as just a book of quotes on `` Wisdom . '' And they are n't only in one section of the book , but ALL OVER -- in the sections about art , nature , love and friendship , conscience , etc ! I feel like a `` bait and switch '' was pulled on me , and that this book should be advertised as a religious quote book . So I 'd say buy it if you 're religious and draw your inspiration from religion , but not if you are n't / do n't .
 I bought this book online because the plot sounded good to me , and boy , am I sorry that I did.I do n't know what I was expecting ; something with more substance , I guess.What I got was a story about two characters who did n't seem to have anything in common except their OBVIOUS lust for each other . In the first part of the book , they seemed to have the mentality of `` he/she 's so hot that I have SUCH a hard time controlling my hormones . Let 's see how long it takes to get him/her in the sack ! '' Then when they finally do the deed , it seems like every other page revolves around them either doing it or THINKING how they ca n't wait to get to the nearest room so they can do it again . Ugh ; enough already!Toeards the end of the book , you had to deal with the mentality of `` gee , i 'm not good enough for him/her ! '' Luckily , they do n't dwell on THAT mentality too much.Because of this , the characters came across as flat and boring . I never got the impression that they really fell in love with each other , but that they both knew a good bang when they saw it , and that 's why they decided to stay together.I 'm sorry , but I like my books to have more substance and more of an actual plot ; than ones are not much more than soft porn written by an author who clearly does n't have much of an imagination .
 I enjoy a good romance , and am willing to put up with some silliness in exchange for an entertaining story , but this has to be one of the worst romance novels ever written , equal to some of the worst online fan fiction.So why is it so bad ? For one thing , it 's horribly dated . For another , the authors ask us to believe that Kansas City is home to the privileged , elite , jetsetters , and that Kevin , who owns and manages a cookie factory , has a glamorous , desirable career . The heroine , Suzy , is somehow going to launch her own brilliant career by becoming the spokesmodel for Kevin 's Kookies , and ... yeah , I could not keep reading.A book , unlike a movie , can be set anywhere at no extra cost . If you want to tell a story about impossibly beautiful and wealthy people , why not set it in New York or LA , with lawyers or something ? Do n't try to convince me that the Kansas City Chamber of Commerce annual reception is the social event of the season . Later on they appear on the Today Show to be interviewed by Jane Pauley . Wow , that 's some cookie factory!The idiocy continues
 This book was very disappointing , by the title you would think that this book has useful information about the different religions and how homosexuality plays a part in that religion . I could only force myself to read half of this book before I got sick of the author constantly talking about homosexuality as humiliating and ridiculous . Having researched Native American tradition and Wicca I have come to know that neither of these traditions look down on homosexuality as being humiliation or ridiculous . This book is not at all what it appears to be .
 I stumbled upon a mention of this book in someone 's blog and was immediately interested because I was expecting a juicy examination of images of Pagan Gods in relation to gay male psychology and identity , and perhaps spiritual practice . -LRB- Books that examine images of Gods in relation to men usually tend to be quasi-Jungian redux -- like GODS IN EVERYMAN by Jean Shinoda Bolen or those written by Robert Bly camp followers , and the rarer ones that relate to current Pagan practice tend to be cursory overviews with the intent of introducing the reader to `` Paganism 101 '' -- this includes even the one such book specifically targeted to gay men , THE PATH OF THE GREEN MAN by Michael Thomas Ford . -RRB- Instead , what I received -- thru interlibrary loan , so thankfully I did not waste my money on this dull book -- was a vapid rehash of historical material relating primarily to how major monotheisms -LRB- and a few indigenous cultures -RRB- accepted or did not accept homosexuality in men . Plus a very dull continuing exegesis on `` topping ' and `` bottoming '' as seen through these cultures , blah blah blah . I suspect others who have sought out this book were similarly mislead by the use of the words `` the Gods '' in the title . A more accurate title , which would have placed this book on the correct heap of existing material -- material has been covered before , and by more interesting writers -- would have been `` MEN , HOMOSEXUALITY , AND RELIGION , '' etc. `` Gods '' in general are * personifications * of the numinous -LRB- a term I am using because it embraces the mythic , the mythopoetic , the spiritual , the religious , the archetypal , etc. -RRB- -- or more specifically , * aspects * of the numinous . I deal in images of Gods because I am a mythopoeic artist -LRB- for examples , you can see my work at paulruckerart.com -RRB- . In a sentence , I believe that human consciousness meets the Mystery / that which is Numinous halfway by giving it humanlike -LRB- or at least familiar animal-like -RRB- attributes . This allows us to create sacred theatre , iconic art , and in a Pagan way , participate in the Mystery in a manner not possible in a monotheism where `` God '' supposedly encompasses everything.The Gods , as I am interested in them , are almost not present at all in this book . Other reviewers have judged more sharply the academic content of the material in this book . If I cared enough , I would . Rather , I would like to point readers to more fruitful discussion of Pagan Gods in relation to gay men , in case you too were following a similarly false trail.Top of this list
 Bought this book hoping for a properly constructed thesis , very disappointing . If you do n't subscribe to his thesis to begin with that the world is agin men being receptive like women , and that religions that disdain homosexuality are in fear of losing their patriarchal structure ; ie . receptive male intercourse undermines male hierarchy and confuses sexual roles - well if you do n't accept this to start with you wo n't after reading this book.It would be good to read a proper logical argument instead of frantic efforts to heap sand into ramparts before the tide of critical opinion comes in and washes these soluble ramparts away ; but I have not yet found it , and this book does n't either.It is actually quite pathetic , there is an absence of hard logic or reasoned fact . Men may well engage in same-sex relations because it pleasures them , or for some dysfunctional reason ; it is the hedonism that offends religion , not the feminist line about threats to male hierarchy ... then again Dr Long can hardly use `` penis envy '' as a rationale but otherwise he re-hashes feminist jargon to pose some great threat to male family structures if one of them decides to bend over and be receptive to male advances.It is like tackling a souffle ; the book has no coherent argument and merely reinforces existing prejudices ; if you want to believe this nonsensical thesis you will enjoy the book provided you are not given to rational thought ; otherwise you will feel you have just read some flaccid prose in a third-rate magazine ... maybe you have !
 One of the things I like about the McGee series is the strange authority MacDonald brings to it . He had a very strict , intelligent mind and a disdain for shoddy work that rivaled Hemingway 's , which often gave his descriptions and depictions a shrewd authority . Even when you may not fully buy what 's going on on the page , you can buy that the author and the characters believe it , which is often enough to go on.But with `` Free Fall in Crimson , '' the authority is a little flimsy . The book , published in the early 80s , is the first McGee that just does not convince on several key levels.Most of that has to do with McGee 's brief dip into California outlaw biker culture in his attempts to track down a murderous Hell 's Angel named Dirty Bob . Nothing about the scenario -- not the crime McGee investigates , not the people he meets along the way , not the stilted dialogue he engages in , not the situations he encounters -- feels convincing.A millionaire goes to buy a little hash and takes gold Krugerrands to purchase the drugs ? McGee is made an honorary member of a bike tribe -LRB- `` The Fantasies '' -RRB- and given a special pin to use ... if he ever needs it ? A character on the run who needs to hide his identity suddenly gets a terminal illness that allows him to drop 100 pounds in two months?The second half of the book -- McGee 's visit to a debauched , coked-out 80s-era film set , where a Dennis Hopper-esque auteur is having a big budget meltdown as he tries to make an existential thriller -LRB- about balloon pilots ? -RRB- -- is a little more convincing than the biker stuff , but the dialogue still smells too much like exposition , the film crew 's lines sound transposed from research.I did enjoy the nightmarish riot that begins the last act ; and I liked the creepy section in which McGee slowly , gradually figures out that his prey has turned around and is coming after him ; and , oddly , I was completely convinced that McGee could survive a leap from a runaway balloon hovering 50 feet off the ground -LRB- just remember
 I agree with the other two star reviewer for this book . Nothing seems real or convincing in this work . If this had been the first MacDonald book I read I would not have read another.The plot read like the cheap 60 's motorcycle themed movies the book kept discussing . I did n't believe any of it . Travis reluctant to grieve over a woman he knew that was brutally murdered because he could n't focus in on her personality just amazed me.Even if you 're addicted to the series as I am ; do n't read this one !
 rating to any MacDonald book but this one is deserves it . In my opinion it 's the weakest of the McGee series . I would n't avoid it if I were going through the series but do n't look for the usual MacDonald here . It 's fairly strong on character as MacDonald always is but a very weak , convoluted plot takes away from any strength of character the writer exhibits . It 's like MacDonald got caught up in it and did n't know how to extricate himself ! Not a particularly good read .
 This novel is an interesting concept , but is done in by a completely predictable climax that you can smell before the book is barely a third over because once again , JFK hagiography must ultimately rule the day . All one has to do is substitute the name of Curtis LeMay for the novel 's `` Ramsay Curtis '' and you know right away how things have to turn out . I have seen this cliche hashed out time and again in other alternate history novels like `` Promises Kept '' in which no one can ever point to any flaw in the leadership of JFK , or that he would have been the savior of America and never done any wrong , and the end result is still utterly banal and predictable .
 Fairly decent `` junk '' reading , full of cliches -LRB- e.g. news reporter uncovering sinister conspiracies ; romance between reporter and predictably beautiful , spunky , and mysterious female correspondent -RRB- , and simplistic characterizations -LRB- e.g. the Globe 's military censor is downright demonic , with no redeeming attributes at all -RRB- . Best part of the book is its description of the hypothetical Cuban War , and its immediate aftermath as America gradually withdraws from the world scene -LRB- some sections are absolutely chilling -RRB- . Unfortunately , the plot steadily unravels as it plods its way to the disappointingly predictable conclusion -LRB- which any half-intelligent reader will figure out by the first 1/3 of the book -RRB- . Furthermore , too much of the story is derivative of Harris ' Fatherland . But JFK adorers , former hippies clinging to the 1960s , and anyone who loses sleep over the possibility that the Redcoats will one day reconquer America will surely love the novel .
 Lord Cornwallis below has pointed out a a number of relevant shortcomings in the plot and has highlighted -LRB- highlit ? -RRB- the cardboard nature of a number of the characters . For my 2 cents worth , I would also add that the `` love '' interest is surprisingly underdeveloped . The two characters have sex a couple of times and eventually declare their love for each other but there appears to be no real connection between them -LRB- modern love ... ? -RRB- But my biggest gripe is the complete abscense of thrills in what is supposedly a novel of the thriller genre . Where is the tension ? Where is the edge-of-your-seat quality which forces you to keep reading to the wee small hours.I found this novel easy to put down -LRB- and admittedly easy to pick up -RRB- , which is a shame because the premise was an excellent one . It was just so mundanely executed . You never felt that the characters were in any real danger -LRB- moral or otherwise -RRB- or that it really matters what happens in the end anyway.The ending was a bit pat as well . If it was really that easy to publish the story -LRB- locking the censor in the storeroom indeed ! -RRB- then why had n't the press done it before.And one more thing ... . Where were all the women ? I know it was the 70 's and after a nuclear war , but the only female with a serious speaking part was the supposed love interest . Even Tom Clancy can generally manage better than that ... All in all , a dissapointing effort .
 Yes , the writing is poor , and there is little character development . The mood and setting are not well developed either , but the big problem is the economic and political geography . America with the minimal damage outlined in the book would not have been in as bad an economic or political state as presented . Other than one major city , New York , the country is presented as largely undamaged . Perhaps Mr. DuBois needs to travel and see how truely large the U.S. is , and the incredible resouces in people , land and industry it holds . I remember 1972 , and a rich America beyond New York . Chicago , San Francisco , Seattle , Denver , Dallas , Houston , Atlanta , Minneapolis , St. Louis , Kansas City , Detroit , Milwakee , Indianapolis , Cleveland , Columbus , Cinncinati , Buffalo and Pittsburgh to name a few world class cities flourished then and now andunless the book is revised and all major cities in the USA are eliminated as well as all State Capitols and secondary cities , then the premise simply does not work .
 I am very disapointed with this story that the material was there to make this a fine epic but fell short of the likes of War Day now unavailable . You would get to parts of the story and feel like you where plowing uphill and getting no where but the promise of it might get better is a hope I was looking for and found some good quility gems in amongist some rough uncut stone possabily .
 Mr. DuBois has a reasonable command of the English language and manages to spin a tale that , under different circumstances , might be interesting . However , the unrelenting political thrust of the novel , given life by the sensitive / tough-guy / ex-army protagonist , becomes very quickly annoying . I wo n't mention which way the author leans - that is unimportant - but will say that the apparent assumption by him that everyone thinks as he does leaves a bad taste in this reader 's mouth .
 `` Resurrection Day '' is a mystery novel set in America a decade or so after the nuclear war resulting from the Cuban Missile Crisis . The real mystery however is how one man wrote a book that starts so well and goes so wrong . Opening with a flourish of details about the now shattered and crippled US of A so perfectly nuanced in their detailing of the fried and irradiated nation that one ca n't possibly fault the dated attempts to write Anglo-dialog for its british characters or how blatantly the author rips off from the far superior `` Fatherland '' . In RD , far from backing down from the brink of nuclear warfare , the Yanks and Ruskies went toe-to-toe . Though details are scarce , eveyrbody seems to blame the now assumed dead JFK . -LRB- Imagine a world in which Dallas , 1963 never happened ? No disco , no bell-bottoms or mood rocks ? About the only history left pristine was the collapse of South Vietnam -RRB- . Though scarred by the war , America is its victor - with Russia bombed back to Tsars . The only real winners were the Europeans who somehow managed to avoid being dragged into the war or at leats catch some of its heat . Still armed with nukes , the US 's situation approximates that of the former USSR - were too poor to survive , but too powerful to be left for dead . We 're also an embarrasing joke for the rest of the world
 I * love * alternate histories , and liked Brendan DuBois when he was writing about his modern-day ex-DOD-analyst/Amateur Detective Lewis Cold -LRB- in Dead Sand -- thhe first of his series -RRB- , but the current book was so depressing and unbelievable that I wondered how it could have received positive ratings from so many people . I kept reading -LRB- skimming -RRB- to the end , hoping for some redeeming feature , but had no luck . The basic plot device is that the Cuban Missile Crisis escalated into WW III
 How many of other readers purchased this book and got to page 277 and found the pages blank to 477 ? The store it was purchased at was going to just exchange it however in review of the 5 they had in stock , all had the same blank pages . The store then refunded my money . The book was great up until then .
 While Shaw may have been a gifted playwright , his `` Saint Joan '' did an enormous disservice to the subject
 Radical feminism , to which I pledge complete allegiance , has put gender issues at the forefront of historical interest in Joan of Arc , but historiography is scarcely pertinent to the reading of George Bernard Shaw 's play ` Saint Joan . ' I 'm told that this awkward play was a smash hit and held the stage for decades in Britain , but it 's hard to imagine how or why . The first problem is not gender but ` genre . ' Is it intended to play as a farce , before an audience that will chuckle genteelly at hearing Jehan d'Arc speak with a Yorkshire brogue ? Or as a philosophical tragicomedy , preparing the stage of the future for Samuel Becket ? The dialogue is half music-hall burlesque and half pompous twaddle . I 'd have a hard time declaring which is more juvenile , the humor or the sententious lecturing.If anyone who reads this review has seen a staged production of the play , I 'd be interested in hearing whether it was ` played for laughs ' or performed earnestly . Shaw is of course taken quite seriously in the world of anglophone theater , though actual productions of his works are rare in the USA . Shaw was not reticent about assuring `` us '' of his intelligence , and not particularly chary of condescension , but this play features some of the dumbest jokes and most preposterous dialogue I 've ever read . Any audience that was n't overawed by Shaw 's elevated reputation would groan out loud at Joan 's flippant folksiness.There seems to be a `` Joan-of-Arc '' effect on the minds of writers , which disposes them to bizarre extravagance . I turned to Shaw 's ` Saint Joan ' as a follow-up to reading Mark Twain 's romantic novel / biography `` Joan of Arc . ' Both works are based on historical sources , chiefly the trial records , yet neither can be interpreted as ` history ' in a modern sense . Shaw was aware of Twain 's book , and regarded it skeptically , yet the two works have more in common than not . Both are polemics against humanity 's inability to comprehend sainthood .
 In one surviving account , Joan of Arc was quoted as saying that her judges were merely putting her on trial because they were members of the pro-English faction and therefore her `` capital enemies '' ; unfortunately , this play tries to claim otherwise . One of Shaw 's primary themes is the notion that Pierre Cauchon and Joan 's other judges were acting as `` sincere '' defenders of the Church in their prosecution of her , a view which is contradicted by document after document as well as the above quote from Joan herself . Cauchon and his cronies are well known to historians as having been long-term supporters of the English and Burgundian factions , and the eyewitnesses said repeatedly that they prosecuted Joan out of revenge for the defeats that their side had suffered at the hands of her army , rather than out of any genuine belief that she was guilty of heresy . Cauchon even allowed her to take final communion -LRB- which was never done in the case of heretics -RRB- , indicating that even he did n't truly believe the charges against her . As Shaw was aware , these charges were soundly debunked when the case was appealed after the English were finally driven from Rouen in 1449 ; and the arguments put forward in this ruling have been confirmed as accurate by experts in medieval theology and canon law , whereas Cauchon 's arguments can easily be refuted by consulting medieval theological works - his arguments are , at best , merely distortions of what the medieval Church actually taught . Here are some specific examples which factored prominently in Shaw 's play : - Shaw , like Cauchon , claimed that Joan was guilty of heresy for wearing male clothing allegedly as a personal preference , despite the fact that both of these men were aware of her own statements to the contrary . She was quoted as saying that she wore soldiers ' clothing -LRB- of a type which had `` laces and points '' by which the pants and tunic could be securely tied together -RRB- primarily to protect herself , as her guards had tried to rape her on several occasions ; this reason is also given in some of the 15th century chronicles , along with similar quotes from Joan herself on the need to protect her chastity while surrounded by the men in her army . The medieval Church allowed an exemption in such cases of necessity -LRB- read St. Thomas Aquinas ' `` Summa Theologica '' , or St. Hildegard 's `` Scivias '' , for example -RRB-
 I was truly disappointed by Shaw 's wholly inaccurate , blatantly chauvanistic Preface -LRB- Shaw actually contends that Jehanne was tried more than fairly by sympathetic , God-fearing and open-minded men , and that she was burned as a result of her own stupidity ! -RRB- . I was more disappointed by the play itself-it is not a play about Jehanne 's life , but rather about the pompous musings of male peacocks spreading their tails like an eclipse over the Maid herself . Shaw portrays Jehanne as a silly little tomboy who threw off her skirts and donned trousers to play soldier and skipped into the King 's chambers cooing & giggling about God and war . Jehanne is rarely actually IN a scene - much of the play is , as I said , dominated by the peacocks of her trial discussing her , ranting about her , defaming her , etc. . She only skips in throughout to swoon mindlessly over God and stamped her spoiled foot for war . Shaw gives one the sense that her presence in a scene is only disrupting the continuation of his wordy play of peacocks ! Redeeming quality
 The book starts well -LRB- first 20 pages -RRB- . However , the writing switches from overloaded sentences , to very basic prose all over the place . The author leaves you wondering why the relationship betwen Marc and Uva is so strong.Why does Marc go in search for her . Would not a foreigner taht has been attacked leave the country ? And then magicaly Uva appears in the last chapter out of nowhere.Do not waste your time reading this novel .
 This book seems to have stirred up some controversy in some sort here . The word `` kill '' when translated in the original hebrew text reads `` murder '' . To kill means simply to put to death . To murder means unlawful killing with malice aforethought . Yes ... it 's true that Jesus submitted that the entire law and all the proclamations of the prophets hang upon loving God , and loving your neighbors , but he also teaches us to submit to our governing authorities . Thus , if one claims to be a Christian , you have been COMMANDED to not `` MURDER '' . Did not one of the criminals next to Jesus say , `` We are punished justly , for we are getting what our deeds deserve . `` Romans 13:1 -2 reads , &#8220; Let every person be in subjection to the governing authorities . For there is no authority except from God , and those which exist are established by God . Therefore , he who resists authority has opposed the ordinance of God ; and they who have opposed will receive condemnation upon themselves . &#8221; 1 Peter 2:13 -14 reads &#8220; Submit yourselves for the Lord &#8217; s sake to every human institution , whether to a king as the one in authority , or to governors as sent by him for the punishment of evildoers and the praise of those who do right . &#8221; Friends , we sometimes place the love of God in a higher position than the justice of God which makes the justice of God seem secondary and insignificant . I know that you are a caring person but we have to be careful not to undermine the justice of God as well.In the Mosaic law the death penalty was inflicted for murder , Gen. 9:5,6 ; Num . 35:16 -21,30 -33 ; Deut . 17:6 ; adultery , Lev . 20:10 ; Deut . 22:24 ; incest , Lev . 20:11,12,14 ; bestiality , Ex . 22:19 ; Lev . 20:15,16 ; sodomy , Lev . 18:22 ; 20:13 ; incontinence , Deut . 22:21 -24 ; rape of a betrothed virgin , Deut . 22:25 ; perjury , Zech . 5:4 ; kidnapping , Ex . 21:16 ; Deut . 24:7 ; upon a priest 's daughter , who committed fornication , Lev . 21:9 ; for witchcraft , Ex . 22:18 ; offering human sacrifice , Lev . 20:2 -5 ; for striking or cursing father or mother , Ex . 21:15,17 ; Lev . 20:9 ; disobedience to parents , Deut . 21:18 -21 ; theft , Zech . 5:3,4 ; blasphemy , Lev . 24:11 -14,16,23 ; for Sabbath desecration , Ex . 35:2 ; Num . 15:32 -36 ; for prophesying falsely , or propagating false doctrines , Deut . 13:1 -10 ; sacrificing to false gods , Ex . 22:20 ; refusing to abide by the decision of court , Deut . 17:12 ; for treason , 1 Kin . 2:25 ; Esth . 2:23 ; sedition , Acts 5:36,37 . I recognize God 's love , but I also recognize his justice as well , I have personally spent many hours of research on this subject and I believe that I am right , but if you disagree with me . . let me here it for I am always opened minded . -LSB- ... -RSB- Remember ... do n't forget about justice = -RRB-
 Having read every single book in the Gor series , I can honestly say that this is the only one of the early books that I do n't like , and ca n't re-read . Norman does best when the physical action is coming at you fast and furious ; not so good when the only action taking place involves complex human interactions.Not only are many of the scenes way over the top , but there were too many characters to keep track of . At times , Tarl Cabot gets lost in the storyline . I simply did n't care enough about many of the minor characters to want to hear much about them.I think it was just a bit too ambitious an undertaking for Norman , and it did n't play into his strengths as a writer . Fortunately , this is the last book of this type .
 I feel like an architecture critic being asked to appraise a hole in the ground . ` Assassin of Gor ' looks like a particularly lazy and sloppy attempt to write low-rent porn in a scifi context . Which is hardly surprising , since that 's what it is . Assessing it as a story , I might say that Norman frequently repeats the exact same sentence five or ten times in a scene ; or that whole chapters are wasted expounding trivial details , such as when a character takes 36 pages -LRB- ! -RRB- to lock a door ; or that we get not even the slightest attempt at humor or light-heartedness . Why bother ? Everyone , including the fans , agrees that this book is tedious , predictable , repetitious , bloated , dull , and dreary.Norman 's real purpose is to write as much as possbile about women being murdered , raped , tortured , and humiliated . That is the sum and the totality of this book ; Norman never keeps his mind out of the gutter for five pages . The utter absurdity of the sex scenes in this book speaks for itself . Others may take cheap shots at Norman and his readers ; I wo n't . This book is hateful towards women . That 's an exercise in stating the thuddingly obvious . Only slightly less obvious is that this book is hateful towards everyone and everything else . The driving philosophy here in nihilism . -LRB- Of course some will retreat to the oldest argument in the book
 `` Assassins of Gor '' is a well-written novel that tellsa compelling story . `` Assassins '' and `` Nomads '' aretied in my mind as the most effective books in the Gor series . People who like Edgar Rice Burroughs may find these books of interest -LRB- starting , of course , from volume 1 -RRB- . The above notwithstanding , the works of John Norman are , in some ways , extremely disturbing . Norman 's books epitomize the sexual objectification of women , and depict a society in which women are at best portrayed as the natural inferiors of men , and at worst as animals . Norman 's fiction involves extensive , sexualized violence perpetrated upon women , this most flagrantly in the context of institutionalized degredation through the practice of slavery . Perhaps most offensive , Norman panders to his readers ' lowest and most dangerous of sexual delusions
 I read the first 2 Gor novels about 25 years ago , and was fond of them . Imagine my surprise when I found the first 6 all in one place . The first 3 are excellent , fast-paced escapist reads . `` Priest-Kings '' explores the themes of caste , destiny and slavery more profoundly than Norman had done previously . `` Assasins , '' however , is another story altogether . First - it 's about 100 pages too long . The plot is also complicated and plodding . That is when it 's not interupted by truly disturbing descriptions of the systematic degradation of women . Page after page of sexual degradation lovingly retold by the author . Lovingly and , strangely enough , boringly since you will read the same words and phrases again and again , repeatedly . This novel wants to be a sci-fi , Roman-style fantasy but is really soft-core porn . If you try to skip those parts , the novel becomes virtually unreadable . I would not recommend this book , and , at this point I will confess that I could n't make it to the end of the book myself .
 I have been reading this book in my intro to native american studies . . and I hate it ... I feel it give the wrong image towards northwest native history ...
 I was looking for a source that would contain actual factual information on chemistry . This book is nothing but a long , absurd joke .
 SIGHTS UNSEEN , a short novel by Kaye Gibbons , tells the story of a woman named Maggie Barnes with bipolar disorder , told through her daughter , Hattie 's , eyes . Hattie , writing from the perspective of the woman she 's become , relates the events that happened to her mother , specifically those events that took place during Hattie 's twelfth year , in 1963 , when Maggie , between bouts of sex-crazed mania and suicidal depression , ran into a woman with a car and was sent to Duke for electroconvulsive shock therapy that was meant `` cure '' her.The strength of the novel is in Kaye Gibbons ' sensitivity to the severity of manic depression and what it 's like for someone who has to live with bouts of extreme joy and severe sadness . However , if you 're looking for some kind of insight from Hattie in this novel , you wo n't find it . Hattie is a completely impersonal narrator ; it 's easy to forget that she is Maggie 's daughter . She seems so disconnected from the story and the events that are happening . The reader gets no insight into Hattie 's hopes or fears -- we do n't know how she feels about growing up without a reliable mother ; it 's almost as if Gibbons deliberately skirts Hattie 's feelings in order to talk more about her mother 's antics . There is a brief suggestion that Hattie desperately desires her mother 's attention , but it is not fully developed , and is therefore unbelievable.The novel has potential -- but , because of Hattie 's failure as a narrator , it falls short of the goal Gibbons probably imagined it would attain .
 What I really miss in this book is a sense of the narrator . The story revolves around the young girl Hattie , who tries to come to terms with her mother 's mental illness . But instead of getting to know the young girl 's emotional distress at having no mother-figure in her life , or the pain caused by being excluded from the small-town society because of her mother 's illness , the central space in the novel is occupied by what seems a collage of independent and grotesque stories about the mother 's crazy stunts . As a result Hattie never really comes to life , and the reader is left with an odd feeling that Gibbons really does n't know her own narrator well enough.Originally , when Gibbons turned the novel in to her publisher it was twice the size it is now - half was edited away before being published - and in the end one can not help but wonder if that other half is really what is missing from the book . It really is a shame because the story could have been very interesting if there had n't been such a distance between narrator and reader .
 This book chronicles a few years in the childhood of a young girl named Hattie whose mother is a severe manic depressive . Unlike other children , Hattie and her brother , Freddy , operate more as caretakers than as children . They watch their mother and act according to her state of mind for that specific day . Pearl , the cook and maid , acts as surrogate mother , nurturing the siblings with care and love as they grow older , something their mother has never been able to do . Pearl also acts as guardian to the mother , keeping her from leaving the house in a frenzy when she is manic and from killing herself when she is depressed . Although this book was easily read in a day , it was disappointingly bland and somewhat anti-climactic . I ca n't place exactly what it was - it just did n't build up to a page-turning `` what-will-possibly-happen-next '' mindset and I grew bored and apathetic towards the end which is highly unusual for me . I would recommend it as a good , thought-provoking , informative book on manic depression but certainly not as entertaining fiction .
 I read this book two years ago and had the opportunity to participate in an interview with the author on National Public Radio . Ms. Gibbons was gracious , of course , but she could not answer the obvious difficulties in this book . The chronology is confused , and while the book reaches for important issues , ie the need for a young girl to have a mother , the treatment of the characters is shallow . The longing is there , and it is expressed well , but ultimately , the miraculous `` healing '' of the mother and her immediate death after her restoration -- undermine whatever strength was in the novel.The one character that the reader has no trouble believing is Pearl , the caring maternal housekeeper . She is a jewel of characterization , much needed and appreciated in this novel .
 Well I ca n't say that this was the best book I read . It was definately a fine book . Fine being Ok not good but not horrible . It was an easy read with nothing to miss seeing as Gibbons pushes everything down your throat . Not much thinking needed for this one . I would have liked to see more of what a child sees in a mother . Not what a commercial says one should be . If the book had gone into more depth and actualy painted the characters with lives outside of Hattie 's I might have found it more interesting . For a mediocre read about woman who goes from insane woman with passions to a Stepford Wife whom Jesse Helms himself would be proud of , pick this book up . If it does n't sound good your money is better put to laundry or a good CD .
 The character development was poor and insufficient , almost like the author tried to disguise the identity of them . As far as what was there , it was accurate , from my experience with people suffering from a bi-polar disorder but I would n't look here for any great insights . Worth a read if you do n't have anything else handy because it is a fast read , but I 've read short stories that were better thought out .
 `` Sights Unseen '' came as an even greater disappointment to me after having my expectations built up by `` Ellen Foster '' and `` A Virtuous Woman , '' two terrific novels by the same author , Kaye Gibbons.In those two novels , Gibbons displayed a knack for the perfect turn of phrase , and a deep understanding of the human heart . Both qualities were lacking in this book.Page after page chronicled the mishaps in the life of a manic-depressive woman -LRB- weeks in bed , followed by deliberately running into a woman with her car -RRB- , as told by her daughter . I would rather have heard the story from the woman herself . What was running through her head as she pressed that gas pedal ? What , in her mind , was the reason for her seemingly miraculous recovery , and her even more miraculous , instant reconciliation with her daughter?A subplot that seems only somewhat related focuses upon the narrator 's grandfather , an overbearing bully who keeps everyone except his daughter at a distance.Overall , a well-meaning book that could have benefited from substantial revision .
 I ordered this sight unseen , and unfortunately can not recommend other similar dictionaries . However , I found that this dictionary had significant gaps in the vocabulary covered . The cover boasted of coverage of insurance terms , but failed to include fairly basic insurance terms such as Hoechentschaedigungsgrenze -LRB- indemnification limit -RRB- . Further , what listings the book does contain can best be described as bare bones . The entries indicate the gender of nouns , but do not include phoenetic pronounciations or suffixes for plural forms . I found the book to be of little assistance in my work . When I return to the market for such a dictionary , I will search for better option .
 The product description says : `` A verse-by-verse commentary on Shantideva 's Guide to the Bodhisattva 's Way of Life , this exploration illustrates how to engage in a Bodhisattva 's actions by transforming daily activities through a strong , compassionate wish to benefit others . `` Considering the plethora of books commenting on Shantideva 's very important book , one would be better served by reading any one of those versus this nonsense . The author of this book is the same rigid character who claims swatting a mosquito in anger will result in eons in the hell realm without any discussion of purification or karma in another one of his books , The New Meditation Handbook . He has a tendency to ignore some sides of an important issue like this.Of note , is the across-the-board 5-star reviews . Where is the critical thinking ? The Buddha said to use your wisdom . Did that mean almost cult-like fervor for the author ? Remember , the author calls himself a Geshe even though he refused to take the Geshe test when offered . Would you buy a book about medical health self-help from a self-proclaimed `` doctor '' without a medical diploma ? The same theory applies to the author of this book . Gyatso refused the Geshe test and is not a Geshe , period . Therefore , he is no more an authority on this subject than any other lay person.The presently reviewed title suffers from the same problem . Comparing this interpretation to genuine and authentic Buddhist authors will instantly reveal the inadequacies of this volume . It reads like `` pop '' Buddhism for the `` new age '' Western Buddhist mind rather than as a serious commentary , which it purports to be.Again , with all the other commentaries available on the Bodhisattva 's Way of Life , pick a title written by a genuine and authentic Buddhist author instead of this cloudy book.Postscript
 This whole book is ridiculous . Instead of wasting tons of space and loads of my time , I 'll wrap it up quickly
 Others have mentioned the heroine is a brat , and she truly is . I 'm half-way through and dislike her immensely . Should n't I like her by page 156 , and be rooting for her and the gorgeous hero ? I feel bad that Quin is going to end up with this awful woman . This is n't the worst book I 've ever read , but there are so many better ones ! The plot sounded fun to me and Quin is n't an alpha male , but still likeable enough . Its Maddie . She slaps him . She makes fun of him . She has atrocious manners . She 's insufferable !
 Madeleine Willits works as a companion to Malcolm Bancroft . After Malcolm falls ill his nephew , Quinlan Bancroft , Marquis of Warefield , is sent to help run the estate . Even before Maddie sees Quin she knows that she will hate him . She knows his type and is definitely not impressed . For Quin 's part he is n't that thrilled to be ordered by his father to go to Langley Hall . He was supposed to be on his way to spend some time with his soon-to-be-but-not-quite-yet betrothed . After his arrival Maddie tries not at all to stifle her contempt for him and Quin finds himself quite fascinated by her -LRB- for some reason -RRB- . Malcolm tries to get Maddie to be nicer to Quin which results in her insulting him in the most sugary sweet way possible . She seems to believe he 's an idiot and chortles to herself about him not picking up on her oh so subtle insults . After more insults on Maddie 's part and fascination on Quin 's part they indulge in a kiss . Malcolm catches them in the act and much drama ensues . Because of Quin dishonoring Maddie he agrees to have his family sponsor her in town and try to reestablish her in society.I disliked Maddie enormously . It was really hard for me to like the book because most of it is told from her perspective and she made me want to smack her . I do n't have a problem with unlikeable characters that learn and grow from their mistakes , but I never saw that here . If I can understand the motivation of a character and see that it is in line with how their personality is portrayed I can deal with even the most unlikeable traits . Maddie , however , did not have a compelling reason to act how she did . I get that some lout stole a kiss and everyone in the ton -LRB- including her family -RRB- turned their back on her . I understand that she would be a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- bitter . But she never really owns to any sense of responsibility for anything . She revels in her preconceived notions of nobility -LRB- even though she 's one too -RRB- and even when shown that not all noblemen are cardboard cutouts of each other she still refuses to believe that she may be acting like a whiny immature child . She was just so rude about everything!Quin was a little more likable than Maddie , but I never got a good grasp of his character . I did n't understand why he liked Maddie . I know that I was supposed to be taken in by the fact that he was fascinated by her , but I could n't believe it . We are told again and again in the book that no one had ever spoken to him like Maddie did . Is the fact that he was never angry about it -LRB- for some mysterious reason -RRB- supposed to show me that she 's the one ? It just did n't make any sense . Added to that was the fact that he had an agreement to eventually be engaged to Eloise when he kissed Maddie . He dipped dramatically in my esteem there . I spent most of the story feeling sorry for him because he did n't have a backbone . He let people insult him -LRB- Maddie again and again -RRB- and push him around -LRB- his father -RRB- through the whole book . The fact that he finally stands up to his father at the end did n't convince me of his character growth . As I saw it , there was never any real threat from his father . He may have been able to stop paying for his lifestyle , but I did n't see how his threat to not let him inherit his title held any weight . Maybe I missed something there ... The kiss that Malcolm saw did n't seem like a good reason for Quin to have to reestablish Maddie in the eyes of the ton . She never said no . She never even tried to discuss why it was n't a good idea . She was just as responsible for it as Quin was . I 'll admit that she told his uncle as much , but she was very dramatic and nonsensical about the whole thing . Why would she try to run from Langley Hall because she felt she was ruined again ? Malcolm already knew about the first kiss that ruined her . He even told her he would n't kick her out . Then Malcolm presents his plan to fix her reputation . Maddie tries to get out of it but ends up agreeing to go along with it for a limited duration . After that time period is up she gets to return to Langley Hall having fulfilled her part of the bargain . How does that even remotely make sense ? She was ashamed and tried to leave , then she gets pressured into the bargain but only for a while and then she can come back to Langley Hall . What ??? Was n't she just trying to leave there because of the shame ? Why is ok to come back after a limited time period ? Maybe I 'm once again missing something.I was really disappointed with how the situation with Eloise turned out . In the beginning it seems like there 's this perfectly nice girl that Quin has known since he was a child . There has always been an understanding between their families that they would eventually marry . She was understanding and let him keep dithering about the wedding date and not being officially engaged . They wrote letters to each other all the time and visited often . Instead of having Quin have to deal with wanting to be with Maddie but not wanting to hurt Eloise , which would have added depth and real conflict to his character , Quin never has to question himself or his feelings because of who Eloise is shown to be . It seemed like a cop out to the possibility of a genuine conflict . Eloise was such a caricature . Everything about her was so over the top . I get that the author had to show us why Quin could never possibly be with her , but come on . A little subtlety would have been nice.I did n't mind the fact that this was a reissue , I knew that going in . I am a very big fan of Suzanne Enoch and have enjoyed many of her older works . However , this one really did not work for me . For those new to Suzanne Enoch
 I usually love over-used plots such as the one Suzanne Enoch chooses for this novel
 Being a fan of the author , I bought this book thinking it was the newest of her releases . Not so . This is a reprint of a book published in 1998 . FIRST
 Not one of the authors better novels . The heroine is angry and unlikeable . The hero mistakes her anger for flirting . Zero chemistry , trite plot . Skip this one .
 I was very disappointed in this book . I like the author and bought the book with very high expectations which were not met . I did find that the book is an older one with a spruced up cover , however , being that the book is a period piece , I did n't mind that much . However , I COULD NOT get past the heroine . Maddie was a hateful , spiteful , vindictive sort and I lost all respect for the hero because he seemed to love that about her .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I found the heroine to be too childish and tedious ; she fought over everything and after a while it became annoying . His brother Rafael should have been the hero - he had more guts !
 This book was somewhat of a disappointment . The author started out well by describing a number of God types that are accepted by many , but do n't really exist.Unfortunately , when it came to explaining the God that he thought did exist , he went straight to the `` New Testament '' of the Bible , and limited his views to a rather fundamental Christian concept . He ignored the other valid religious ideas and stuck to the `` guilty until proven innocent '' point of view of most of the Christian world . An infinite Creator/Creation can not be understood by any limited idea , especially one that insists on taking scriptural writing literally .
 I used this for an introductory EM course . Not even remotely helpful . There are not any equations . No examples . The only good pat is that the problems have odd solutions in the back .
 I purchased this book thinking it was going to be a book specifically talking about Chesapeake Bay Retrievers , it was n't . I would venture to guess that if you took the few pages about Chesapeakes OUT of the book , ALL of the books written by this author geared toward a specific breed would all read the same!Not a book to buy if you are looking for information on Chessies .
 Who ever wants a piece of me will have to tell me so on this web page and thats the bottom line cause Stone Cold said so
 I was very impressed with this book until I read the text of pgs . 168 and 169 where the author states that the drug DES was found to be harmful to prenatally exposed offspring in the 1950 's and quickly removed from the market . He goes on to state that a woman born in 1965 with reproductive abnormalites like those caused by DES could not possibly have been exposed to DES `` since DES had been removed from the market . `` In fact DES was found to cause reproductive harm in the 1940 's but not banned from use in pregnant women until 1971 . This physician is spreading inaccurate , potentially harmful `` information . '' In light of this widely understood information that DES was not taken off the market for use in pregnant women until 1971 , this reviewer has to place in consideration the accuracy of the other information in this book . The information as to the active time period of des use is not obsure and widely available to professionals in this field
 I did not find this book to be helpful & my IVF nurse laughed and told me to get a refund when I showed it to her .
 Sisterchicks on the Loose by Robin Jones Gunn has got to be the worst book of 2011 for me . Yes it is `` fluffy '' but also just plain boring . Most of my fellow readers in `` Friendship Sisters Bookclub '' thought it was an `` ok '' story . I just did not appreciate the story and thought quite frankly that it was slow and boring .
 As a student of advanced massage therapy , I thought it would be great to have a `` pocket '' guide to help me remember the names and movements of the muscles . Unfortunately this book is so flimsy and dinky , it might have been moderately helpful to a junior high school science student . The illustrations are pretty good but nowhere near the detail that a serious Kinesiology student would need .
 In WRO Weber took the fresh and original invention of the two prequels and left them out in the sun for a month . What was his editor thinking?The first in the series , Oath of Swords , was great -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- because of its character development , clashes between original -LRB- and differentiated -RRB- cultures , believable action , and witty repartee throughout . My paperback copy of Oath of Swords is absolutely tattered.The second in the series , TWGO , was n't quite as good -LRB- 3 1/2 stars -RRB- as Oath , but had some re-readable scenes . I enjoyed
 I used to be a huge fan of David Weber , I in particular really enjoyed the first book of this series , Oath of Swords . It had all the humor , engaging unique characters , plotting and a proper sense of scale that is almost entirely lacking in this looooong delayed sequal . I was really let down by the first 2/3rds of WRO , which seemed packed with too much of the author 's exposition and too little of descriptive action and -LRB- interesting ! -RRB- character interaction . Seems interminably long with too many `` parlor '' scenes where characters explain what they are going to do and why , ad nauseum.Even worse is that there is no real sense of peril , the two champions of Tomanak -LRB- certainly Bahzell -RRB- seem invulnerable and the villian 's inept and weak . Threats to the Big BB hadrani champion seem to just shrugged aside too easily for this reader to be truly engaged in the lead character 's struggles . Only real suspense comes way too late in the novel with the female human champion of Tomanak.The greatest flaw is probably the number of plots , characters being juggled by the author in a somewhat forced if not -LRB- horrors ! -RRB- pedestrian manner . In my opinion , David Weber could stand a real severe editing for all of his books of the past 5 years or more , this book should be pared down to maybe one major plotline and remove all of the unnecessary characters/minor plots -LRB- the nephew of the Baron 's first taste of independent command/battle and maybe much of the Leanna story could be trimmed/dropped out or placed as short stories in some future anthology -RRB- . I 've read a great set of books when he works with joint authorship with Eric Flint -LRB- even with John Ringo , as much as I dislike the man 's politics -RRB- in his Honor Harrington anthologies and the 1632-universe of Flint 's . It might be that David weber , like too many sucessful authors these days , needs to maybe cut back on the number of series/projects he 's commited to -LRB- sometimes I curse the coming of the computer/word processing software , which allows authors maybe to write too much too quickly and dilute that which made the writing so special in the first place -RRB- .
 Just so you all know I consider myself a Weber fan , and have read most of his books . To me his stories can be hit or miss ; this is one of the biggest misses . But I 'll still keep reading his books because I love the good ones and re-read them again and again . I 'd advise passing this one by , or waiting for paperback if you must have it . And if you like all of Weber 's books , you 'll probably like this one as well.I really missed character development in this one -- which is my usual complaint when I do n't like a Weber book . Where 's the interplay between Brandark and Bazhell ? To me , their friendship and development was key to the first 2 books , but in this one I barely saw any of that . As for the other characters , their stories were n't as compelling as they were in the first two books of the series . The secondary and minor characters had depth and I cared about them more in those books.Maybe the jokes are getting a little stale or the characters are too powerful and have developed as far as they can . Bazhell is n't struggling with becoming or being a champion anymore , and I did n't get any new , believable conflict in this story for his character . We 've read about how he can run and keep up with horses -- enough already.I feel compelled to say that talking horse companions have been beaten to death in this genre , so seeing them crop up with some of the same jokes from Mercedes Lacky used just does n't inspire.One final note , in this case you can judge this book by it 's cover . In the history of bad cover art , this passes the cover to Billy Joel 's album , `` River of Dreams '' . At least he had the excuse that his soon-to-ex wife designed it -LRB- you will note it did n't save the marriage -RRB- . Not only do they pick the worst scene in the book -LRB- see the other reviewer -RRB- , but the people look like posable action figures . OK , this is probably a publishing decision , not an author 's decision but I could n't keep quiet.Maybe number 4 in this series will be better .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers -- these newer , more colorful Harold books ... miss the point entirely . In this book , Harold and his crayon dont seem to have much to do with the world around him ; the story is disjointed ; the prose is wooden ... Where 's Harold 's ingenuity ? -LRB- ok , ONE instance of ` drawing/thinking on his feet -RRB- Where are the accidental strokes that he turns into strokes of genius?Harold and the Purple Crayon was the first book I ever checked out of the library and it was magical ... and , by extension , made the library seem a magical place of infinite possibility -- like my own purple crayon . The simple line drawings with just that purple crayon prove to our little ones -LRB- and us ! -RRB- that imagination is the only tool you need for magic ... Conversely , these slick multicolored books have no magic .
 This book is outdated and does not have the latest information on fast-food nutrition .
 The Cloud of Death is the second long epic offering from Pendleton and Gold Eagle books in the Four Horseman Trilogy . This book has all the workings and trappings of the previous epic spread out over 348 long , dry and generally boring pages . Bolan treipses all over the west pursuing this cult of UFO believers . He guns down modest target quantities , and then tries a Mideast terrorist faction , but only gets some . The theme here is a sadly continuing one from the first book of the trilogy . I was glad when I finished it , because I instantly fell asleep from all the excitement that the book generated . Pendleton is losing his edge and should give up the ghost as far as trying to write any epic sagas . This one is another dismal failure . He and Gold Eagle have conspired to remove more money from the consumer by putting together a 1000 + page saga about a cult of UFO believers . This is just plain junk . I can hardly wait to read the third 340 + page book . I was bored to tears with this second offering and I breathed a great sigh of relief when I finally finished the book . Gold Eagle has the audacity to include a little statement about The heart stopping action concludes in # 3 . The only thing heart stopping is possible death from boredom .
 Though this work excellently represents the history of a madman , it is missing the necessary evidentiary links which tie in the suspect to the facts . There is nothing which , in a compelling way , brings the suspect even close to the victims and the evidence which is well documented . It was an enjoyable read nontheless .
 This is a map that could be certainly judged by its cover . Of all the incredibly beautiful images that could characterize northern Mexico , International Travel Maps bafflingly chose an out of focus , poorly composed and conceived photo that could have been taken almost anywhere . This is a photo that prominently features a propane tank , a bag of fruit and a baseball cap.Unfortunately , the information that this map provides is also lacking much of the detail most travelers will want on a basic trip to the region . For Baja California , which I know very well , many of the place names are out of date and many of the most important geographic features are inaccurately placed or even non-existent . I give it a star for the fact that it is the best thing going for the mainland traveler without spending a lot of money . There are many excellent maps for Baja California , such as The Baja Almanac and even the AAA Baja map and guide . For mainland northern Mexico , the adventurous traveler should seek something more detailed than this Mexico North Map by ITMB .
 Basically this book is taken from where almost all `` magical psalms '' books are taken from and so is a copy with modified information . I say ` copy ' because it includes the ` misspellings ' of the original . If you want the original , then check out Joseph Peterson 's `` Sixth and Seventh Books of Moses '' which has it in the appendix . This book is probably cheaper than Peterson 's , but it includes practices with candles with the psalms which Peterson 's version of the original does not -LRB- since the original does not use candles -RRB- .
 Some time ago , I found a copy of `` Heaven Help Us - A Worriers Guide to Saints '' at the thrift store . It 's an adorable and fun little book . When I stumbled across this book on candleburning and the Psalms I thought it might be similar to that . It 's not . This book gives 5 or 6 candle colors and labels each psalm in a very narrow manner . For instance Psalm 1 is used for pregnancy . PERIOD . End of story.Even the most simple prayer can cover many needs . This book ca n't even be considered a starting point . It 's like a stepping stone TO the starting point . The Book of Psalms included with the book SHOULD be included in a single section . Instead it is sifted in and the pages are turned . One page , portrait , one page , landscape . It makes for some very annoying reading.Add to that some of the `` Divine Names '' `` linked '' to each psalm are n't even names at all but letters of the Hebrew alephbet . -LRB- that 's not a misspelling . -RRB- With all the beautiful names for God , why use letters?Lastly , there is no mention in the book about creating a sacred space for your prayer time . Just take the candle out , pray , then put the candle away . Come on . It 's not a cell phone .
 Be very careful in dealing with this kind of material ! First of all , it does not work ! I was having a very hard time . . health , financial . . especially financial . These books are not only a waste of time and money . . things actually got much WORSE !
 I have never read such a terrible book in my life . Let me refer you to the excelent book by Henri Gamanche THE MASTER BOOK OF CANDLE BURNING . It is a far superior text containing much more relaiable material .
 Do n't be decieved with this candle burning book . This is not traditional candle burning , it 's new age nonsense . Theres one simple test you can use to determine wether a book is reliable . The author has chosen to use the `` k '' spelling of magic making it magick . This `` K '' spelling was invented by aliester crowley , a drug adict and mental case . It has nothing to do with candle burning with the psalms . This book is new age rubbish and should not be considered authentic or practical . Do n't let anyone fool you into thinking magic should be spelled with a k.
 This book did not inspire any white light whatsoever . It starts out as creepy from the very begniing -- starting with a black aith a charcoal drawing of the author 's face , which is half shaded in black staring right back at you -- creepiest thing I ever saw . On top of that , you 're supposedly praying to God or Creator but he tells you that you have to pray to God calling him by a different name for each prayer -- names which came to him during many many meditations -- I did n't trust this book at all and it was in the trash within 2 days . I 'm sorry I ever bought this lousy book .
 All I reall have to say is this book is a complete waste of time and money . DONT BOTHER !
 When I first saw the synopsis of this book , I thought it would be a rivalry between father and son for the lust of one woman . WRONG ! This could n't have been farther from the truth . The book hinted that Suzy and Clifton had a ` friendship ' where in truth they barely knew each other , and the only sexual tension that existed between the two was when she had hit puberty and Clifton had caught her peeking at his crotch . Basically what happens is Suzy and her best male friend Jem do not have a sexual relationship , Suzy has a crush on Jem 's father Clifton who is still married to Alice , Clifton has a secret love that Suzy wants to know about , and Clifton turns out to have an Identical Twin Clayton -LRB- identical in size and desires -RRB- who wants Suzy and Alice wants Clayton . Confused yet ? What follows in the story is pretty predictable and I was severely disappointed in the erotic scenes . I would only reccommend this book if you are interested in mild dom/sub play . I will hint that there is one threesome scene in the book that 's only mildly redeeming , but other then that , I want my money back !! oh and the heroine has dark curly hair while the cover of the book has a blonde woman ... that tells you there what it 's going to be like .
 It just like a series of unreadable words with equations . Poorly presented with not much explanation . Waste of time .
 From the time of order to receipt , the book took longer than any vendor I 've ordered from previously . There were no courtesy notification of when the item was sent to gauge the time of delivery . The condition of the book was as promised . Overall , I would n't order from the same vendor again .
 I just wanted to point out that a lot of these reviews are fake , probably from the publisher . How do I know this ? Because people from Laguna Beach , California do not spell favorite like `` favourite '' . Try harder next time publisher .
 After reading Walter Isaacson 's , Ben Franklin , An American Life , the Autobiography of Ben Franklin by Benjamin Franklin was a huge disappointment . Written in the original , King 's English , it is not an enjoyable read . If you want to experience the character and personality of Benjamin Franklin then read Isaacson 's biography .
 The style of writing of the 1700 's is very difficult for a person of the 2000 's . I will finish it . Eventually I will grasp the whole book . He did lead a very interesting life and accomplished a great many things .
 book club recommented , i hoped to undertand him better as a human , father and to understand the significance of his life to America .
 I muddled through the old world language of his early adult years and enjoyed reading about how different colonial America was and how people just freely moved wherever life took them but then we hit the big gap where he did n't write and after that all he covered was his philosophy of life . I quit reading half way through the book .
 First , the good parts about this book : * written in a very conversational style * does a good job of enlisting his virtues , many of which are relevant even today * has several interesting anecdotesNow , the not so good parts about the book : * desultory commentary , and is jumpy between incidents -LRB- and thus , one has to try really hard to make sense of what all was happening -RRB- * at least half of the book has too many details , which digress from the point and thus , the reader can get lost in the details * written in old english , which made it even more difficult to understand the gaps in the narrative
 The reader needs to be prepared for the minute information included in this autobiography - most of which is boring . However , for it to have been written by Benjamin Franklin himself makes it a little more interesting .
 Download went great . It has been a difficult read due to the way it was written . The historical side of the book is great .
 While the book gives some interesting insights into Franklin 's life , it is really a disjointed diary kept during his early days and during his very late life . It fails to deliver the real picture . I was particularly disappointed that it provided only but a mention of Franklin 's early electricity experiments . Most of his middle life was missing . Amazon offers the book free so , you get what you pay for . I would rather read a studied biography .
 interesting and well worth a read but difficult with the old English at times and tends to be long winded and rambles somewhat
 I did n't realize this book was written in such small print . This is the only thing I do n't like about it . Sorry !
 Did n't get to read it due to reading another book about Left Gomez and actually , i 'm still not finish with that book .
 Benji Franklin is a fascinating guy . He really is . Unfortunately , you really do n't get to know him through his autobiography -LRB- it was written for the moral instruction of his son , first of all -RRB- . Half the book reads like a `` Mrs. Manners '' column and the other half reads like a resume . Franklin lists all his numerous contributions to American society fairly coldly and not a little pretentiously -LRB- but we can allow him the pretention -RRB- and fills in the blank spaces with moral and philosphical instruction . -RSB- While he was a great inventor and statesman and had a knack for collecting and spitting out trite `` truisms , '' Benny just is n't that interesting a moral philospher . If you 're really interested in getting to know Ben Franklin , check out a scholar 's biography -- if anything , you get to learn all the juicy stuff about his disgustingly promiscuous sex life .
 Sometimes pastiches work well , like Bach 's B Minor Mass. . Not so this autobiography . Thrown together , arbitrary , sinfully pedestrian , this is one book that you can easily miss in your short life . Franklin shows you he 's just a regular guy with regular thought processes . He drifts through life sometimes helping people and sometimes taking advantage of them . He may be an early humanitarian , but he is also an early capitalist , and he knows what he wants . Great , so does Ted Turner , but you do n't see us going ape for his life story , do you ? Franklin was truly one of our greatest founding fathers , but you wo n't get a glimmer of that from this book . Reading anybody else 's account of Franklin 's life would be a much more rewarding experience . Go there if you must do Franklin .
 A friend told me that the book was inspiration , but there is nothing inspirational when he just seemed to be lucky . What young kid can have personal contact with a governor , find jobs so easily , squander a friend 's loan and go all over the place in his occupation ? Also , I could n't figure out whether certain times he spent in Europe or in the States . He did not write much about his family life . At the end , it jumped from place to place . Since there was nothing then , everything seemed to be an invention . Were there not libraries in Europe or post offices ? I could n't finish it , though I read 99 percent of it .
 A fascinating look at Franklin 's life in his own voice . It is unfortunate that he did not narrate the last 30 years of his life as well .
 An interesting book only if you enjoy learning how people in earlier history thought and lived . I manage to read two or three pages a day , but it is not a `` pleasure '' read . I would never buy it , but as a free read , it 's fine .
 I am very dissappointed in a hero for our country being such a sad example of an American . The book was well written and easy to read . It 's the story that is so dissappointing .
 I never ordered this book so I ca n't possibly review it . I 'm at a loss to understand how I 'm connected to this title since I have never used the Kindle .
 Forgive me America , but I could not stand this book . If his life was so great , it seems it would be alot more interesting than this book shows . The only good , somewhat inspirational part was that part about moral perfection . Unfortunately , it did not change my life . -LRB- Of course , I had to read the book for school , so that may be part of my anger towards it -RRB-
 It did n't keep me engaged and wanting to continue reading it . I found it `` dry '' and not interesting . I never finished it . I believe it was a `` Free '' book , glad I did n't pay for it !
 Biggest complaint first
 so boring youll fall asleep , but ehh you get what you pay for i guess ill learn something if i read it
 dont believe we received this book ... could you verify where it was sent and whenwas this a kindle fire book
 I was hoping to really get in to this but it was to boring for me . So that is why it is one star .
 I must agree with all of the previous reviwers who acknowlegde that Franklin is a facisnating man and played a major role in the creation of this nation , but you would never know from this book . It completely ignores his affect on the Declaration of Independence , his influence on American thinking , and most of his key inventions are skimmed over in a sentance or two . His writing style is certainly antiquated -LRB- which is understandable -RRB- but it makes it a difficult read , especially since it is boring to begin with . I think it would be a much better plan to read a biography by someone else who read through this book , save yourself the agony of getting through this story and learn more about the man then you do here .
 Boring Boring boring I fell asleep reading this book I 'm never reading thisAgain it 's plain boring boring i tell you zzzzzzzz
 Written in old style English.Authentic in that extent but unreadable and almost frustrating to complete.If you have a knack for not giving up halfway and you do n't ever wish to break that trend , do n't be tempted by this book.Skip it .
 If you like auto-biographies of egomaniacs that have lived a lewd and lacivious life . Go ahead and read it . I did n't like it . I could put zero stars but amazon would n't let me .
 I thought this would be full of wit and wisdom along with salicous bits of gossip . Nope . An old man -LRB- venerable as he was -RRB- trying to remember . However , If I could read in the 18th century , this probably would be a best seller .
 Might recommend if purchaser/reader were a history buff . Found difficult to follow and keep up with . Not a book I would recommend for easy reading .
 To allow someone like me to review this book may be somewhat of a mistake . I can not appreciate the literature and writing style . That is my disclaimer - now , on to other thoughts.This book is an interesting look at one of the founding fathers of our great nation . If you know nothing about Ben Franklin then you have been living under a rock . The stuff you find in this book though is not going to be the stuff you usually read about . Some of it is interesting and some of is n't . Some of it was written with much thought and some is just dry and describing a step-by-step account of what was happening.Here are the things I liked
 I am a history lover and was excited to read this autobiography by Ben Franklin . I found it to be a great disappointment , since Franklin 's writing ability did not shine in this book . He gave lots of details about trivial -LRB- and at times boring -RRB- circumstances and events , yet gave no information about other things of great interest to me -- for example his wife and family life and the entire American Revolution . The book suddenly ends , as if the author was tired of the project , and simply closed up shop .
 Most boring thing I have ever read ... no wonder it was free . He was a very interesting man , but I would rather read another version of his life .
 This work looks like an easy overview of one of the world 's greatest political controversies in rescent history . While reading though , I found several typos such as `` Tiny Lebanon is a bit player in Middle East politics ... '' as well as inaccuracies as to which Eygptian president was in office in which war ... as well as some pretty biased `` facts '' etc. . You could do a lot better than this book .
 If you liked Miller 's Dark Knight series , you probably wo n't like this one . In fact , unless you 're into extreme political correctness , you wo n't like this one.All the good guys are minorities . All the bad and dumb ones are white . And so on . This seems like an 180-degree reversal from his Batman books , which were somewhat negative on liberal issues -LRB- well , justice , at least -RRB- . But Miller obviously wanted it to be a work on par with Moore 's `` Watchmen '' - why else waste Gibbon 's talent on this book ? Perhaps it was a catharsis , because it seems like a lot of venting - against Reagan , against white males , against evil phallic space stations , against ... well , enough said . Read `` Watchmen '' again instead . Or why waste time with comic books ? Although Moore 's stuff is always interesting , most comic-book philosophy is at the pop level . Sounds deep and attractively cynical ... until you delve . Read something serious . Recommendations
 I am a scientist and an experienced software developer . This book kind of skims the surface of four basic neural network architectures , and provides a plethora of horribly written source code as a sort of `` tool kit '' for ANN development . After reading the book and trying to make use of the source -LRB- which I basically threw out and wrote my own , truly object-oriented tool kit -RRB- , it 's not clear just how much the author really knows about ANNs and OO programming -LRB- e.g. , Lots of necessary details are sometimes skipped or glossed over ; I 've never seen so much non-template implementation in header files before
 This is more like example code than what I 'd expect out of a textbook . I would recommend another book instead .
 If you 're trying to learn neural nets , this book gives you a fairly decent overview of four different types . It does n't go into much depth , but it 's easy for a beginner to pick up . If you 're trying learn object-oriented programming and/or c++ , _ do n't _ buy_this_book _ . The code is buggy , bloated , poorly designed , inefficient and just plain bad . To list some of the problems I encountered with it : ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 1 -RRB- The Base_Link : : Save function corrupts object and writes corrupted data to a file . 2 -RRB- No const , * anywhere * . 3 -RRB- Repeatedly attempts to inline virtual functions . Virtual functions * ca n't * be inlined because they are n't evaluated until runtime . 4 -RRB- Most function implementations placed in header files . Maybe due to the use of those magical `` inline virtual '' functions . 5 -RRB- Never uses STL containers even where they would be optimal . Creates arrays with new where std : : vector would work better , and defines custom linked-list class -LRB- very ugly -RRB- . 6 -RRB- Uses ofstream/ifstream where ostream/istream would be preferable . The whole point of c++ streams is to have a single set of interfaces for handling io from any origin . Using the fstreams just creates an unnecessary restriction . 7 -RRB- Creates an array in base class interfaces for use by subclasses as a variable container , as opposed to just creating variables in the subclasses . In my opinion , this is his most egregious offense . It defeats the whole purpose of inheritance . 8 -RRB- Use of static data in classes . Do n't bother using this code in a multithreaded app . Neural nets are usually well suited for multithreading , but certainly not this implementation . 9 -RRB- Non-virtual destructor in interface classes . Does n't matter in this case , because he stored all implementation-specific data in the interface class , but is generally poor practice because it can lead to memory leaks . 10 -RRB- Too few comments that are n't completely redundant , for example
 I bought this book under the idea that it was a beginners book that would teach me neural network concepts , and then it would cover the proper way to implement them in an object oriented enviroment . When I read this book I got something completely different ... In this book , the author covers in great detail his implementation of 4 neural network topographies . He takes great care in explaining his choices in object oriented design , and reasons he chose to subclass things certain ways , etc. . etc. . I feel like the title of this book should have been
 Michener usually does excellent research and gives a great taste of an area/time . ` Journey ' was a complete disaster in this area - there 's a decent description of the train -LRB- the TRAIN ? -RRB- , nothing describing Montreal , almost nothing Edmonton or any of the stops en route , and zero description of the Klondike or Dawson . There 's no ` story ' of the prospectors or other travellers -LRB- save a few paragraphs on Irina -RRB- . The Edmonton description prepared me for bleak descriptions of a 90 % death rate , or a trail littered with frozen bodies - but nothing.OK - so Michener did n't do a book I was expecting on history or a travelogue or a technical description of anything . It was a character study of the 5 men . Well , the character development was truly shallow and incomplete . None of the characters seemed believable - they were cardboard stereotypes . The `` hero '' led his very well-financed group of hardy men into a deadly course that every single expert advised against . He contemplating KILLING Irina because he thought her presence would make the over-winter camping harder ? WOW ! It 's hard to imagine that the others would offer virtually no arguements when their lives are litterally in the balance . How can anyone believe they would suffer 8 months in a tiny len-to cabin when there 's a fort 50 miles away , 1 more day on the boat or 3 days walking after the freeze?I enjoy adventure stories . I like tales of hardship . The book maintained my interest -LRB- I was expecting something interesting once they reached Dawson - Alas ! -RRB- . So it gets 2 stars . But had I not read MUCH better books by Michener I would never glance at a 2nd one if I had to decide based on `` Journey . ''
 First I want to say that I am a big fan of Mr. Michener . `` Mexico '' may be my all time favorite book . So you can imagine my disappointment at finding a book that had so much potential that went absolutely no where . What a basis for a story . A small group of adventurous , proud Englishmen ; the harsh and lonely Canadian wilderness ; and gold fever . Unfortunately the gold was never a topic . The Canadian wilderness with its extreme weather , beautiful landscapes , and abundant wildlife , was only passively mentioned in very small detail . And as for the characters - the only ones you really liked died , with very little discussion -LRB- this did not bother me because I know reality has to play into a book of this sort -RRB- . And the one character you truly begin to despise lives long enough to cause one of the worst endings to novel I have ever read . One mans pride - excuse me , stupidity - killed the most admirable characters in the novel , then went home as soon as he accomplished the task . I have never been so frustrated in my life with a book .
 I have to admit . I have so high of expectations for Mr. Michener that when he does n't hit a home run I 'm disappointed . This book is OK , it is short compared to all his other books . He only used his old trick once where he reintroduces a character , the one feamle of the book , then brings her back . She was introduced , forgotten , then found stranded in literally nowhere , and rescued by the heroes . Also something different in this book was a chapter of reflection by the author . Many claim the book is about Canada . I sensed very little Canadian , except for the fact that they were traveling through Canada . I believe Mr. Michener could of detailed the Canadian characters a bit more , showing how they came to and adapted to this rugged country .
 Michener 's books are always interesting quality historical novels . This was is goodhistory but not easy reading . To anyone who was not in the military , his characters mayseem unreal , but believe me , they are n't !!
 I think I 'm beginning to understand how popular fiction writing becomes `` Literature . '' It apparently has to be depressing . If this is `` the best novel of Michener 's career , '' as the Milwaukee Journal states it , then I do n't need to depress myself further by reading the rest.I just do n't believe it was necessary to kill off his major characters to make this a believable story .
 This book was so bad it was the biggest waste of time in my entire life . The story line had great potential but the actual story itself was very , very weak and unfulfilling . The characters were worthless and it was without a doubt the worst ending on all time . I would n't recommend this book to my worst enemies . The only reason I would ever buy this book would be so I can use it as fuel for my fireplace . I would have given this book a lower rating , but there was n't an option for a half-star . You would get more enjoyment out of reading the dictionary than you would from reading this book . Absolutely Terrible !! p.s. . They never find any gold !
 Although this was the first and only Michener novel I have read , I think it was a poor choice . My expectations going into reading were quite high , but by the end of this novel I was very disappointed . The story was decent , however the plot was very thin . I had alot of trouble relating to the characters . I could not figure out if Luton was just a snob , or a real caring person that was afraid to show his emotions . The deaths were very predictable , and to be quite frank the ending just sucked ! What a let down , Luton just leaves the same day he gets to Dawson like he is supposed to be some kind of hero or something . Luton just made me angry the whole story especially the way he treated Fogerty , at the end I am very surprised he paid for his telegram . Definitely not the greatest book in the world .
 Let 's call a cat a cat . It is a weak Michener . If it is the first you read , it will probably your last . Michener , in the afterword , tells us that The Journey was originally in his book Alaska but was cut by the editor . He then took that section and made a book.The premises are good . A party of adventurers , including a snob British Lord , a poet , a retired Colonel and a cunning Irishman go on a journey to the Yukon River during the gold rush . This is too little to make a book.There is some good characters interraction , some good moments but they are drowned in the long repetitive parts of the journey , to the point where you keep thinking something will happen and ... If you want a good Michener , look at my review of the Covenant or Poland , forget The Journey
 David Garnett -LRB- 1892-1981 -RRB- was a British writer and publisher who received literary recognition when his novel Lady into Fox was awarded the 1922 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction.This particular work is as enigmatic as its writer and this particular reviewer failed to understand the work . The plot is simple enough
 Recognizing this is a $ 6 `` First Guide , '' overall , it pretty much provides what one would expect
 Quite a well thought out book to take around with you.BUT ... limited use to me as there are no Southern Hemisphere maps or details -LRB- even the Southern Cross is absent -RRB- . Would not have purchased it had I realised . At least it was cheap !
 This book does n't have any information for the dummy in the astronomy . The book is more like a museum guide to the starts . The information on this book is nothing new and it does n't teach you about telescopes or related topics .
 this dictionary is not very good , it is not well written . you ca not find anything on it at all
 No me ha servido para interpretar ni un sueno y los que he tenido en el pasado no concuerda la descripcion con lo sucedido despues . Este libro me ha desilucionado , pues soy una persona que he tenido varios suenos premonitorios . Ademas mi prima tiene otro libro y cuando lo he consultado me ha dado mejor resultado pero lamentablemente no esta en Amazon .
 I was suppose to get my book at the beginning of June and today July 2 I have n't got it . I tracked my order and I found out that it 's been already delivered . Where ?? I have no idea . I hope somebody can help me . This is not the fist book I bought on Amazon but unfortunately this is the first time I have a problem.Thank you .
 The book was in poor quality and looks as if it was stolen from the Villasenor Branch Library . The pages are yellow and dog-eared and has suffered water damage . I will never order a used book again . Very disappointing for the price I paid and the 3 weeks I waited .
 You can not search terms . . every time you try using kindle search it brings up on average over 40 pages.This is not worth almost 10dollars for kindle version . Your better off with print . The kindle is not designed to scroll pages quickly say like when your with friends .
 The title of this monograph well describes its subject
 Surfing
 This is a supposed `` thriller '' that is actually a dull , dialogue ridden yawner with little action and uninteresting characters . The `` mystery '' involved is psuedo-solved in a very unsatisfiying way and the reason behind the murder involved is -LRB- to say the least -RRB- contrived . I read the descriptions on every box and bag in my cupboard before I resorted to complete the reading of this book . I held out a very small hope that its `` resolution '' might be in some way satisfying . My hopes were crushed . I will avoid this author at all cost in the future .
 This book has some real gems in it , like the part about how to prevent hi-jacked sessions and cross scripting attacks . Which is why I gave it two stars.But this book really needs to be split into 3 or 4 volumes . The author just can not do justice to the complexity of the topics involved . And his lack of coding examples , typically 4 or 5 brief lines , shows this.As for his `` complete '' examples , e.g. of a calendar project , he waxes so obtuse with his OOP coding that , not only does the project not work , good luck in trying to fathom it ! -LRB- I spent two fruitless days at this task and finally gave up . And I have already written and sold a commercial calendar/scheduler to various companies . -RRB- So , unless you are a programmer at the near genius level and you can extrapolate from coding samples like an Einstein at the chalk board with calculus & and a slide rule , the average programmer out there is going to need something much more basic than this book -- if he or she wants to explore the advanced topics it trys to present .
 I bought this book for my first PHP college class . I had only dabbled in PHP , so I was in no way ready for this book . While the book is very large , it fails to go indepth for explanations . I tend to learn well by a book staying with a program and going through into detail what to do and then expanding on that program throughout . This book is only useful for referencing .
 I am really wondering who are the people they gave the book 4-5 stars ... This book is full of typo error , bug coding , wrong concepts by the following facts :1 . He propose a fingerprint concept , but actually fingerprint needs to be sent back to the user via other ways . The author makes the reader to assume that he can only md5 the user agent with a seed variable and store that in $ _ Session varialbe to make every work . Wrong !! Totally wrong , nobody will know your fingerprint if you do n't send them back to the visitor , and it is meaningless .2 . The book really piss me off . It looks that the book was written by somebody who do n't know PHP ... almost every two pages has a typo error , or even more ... a script full of bugs ... I read it totally once and take notes in every page , and after my reading , I start to try every code which I think is important , but I am really dispointed that they all are junk codes ... and the author gave a lot of wrong concepts ... for example , the chapter 5 , using prev , next , current to handle array . He said if the next element in the array is -LRB- bool -RRB- False , the next function will end up . I tried it , and the author is wrong again.It 's really time-wasting in reading this kind of book . Not only waste your money , but also waste your time .
 I thought it 's a score book , just like `` The Corrs / The Corrs '' , but I am totally wrong .
 Originally published in 1872 and now billed as the `` second great satire of the nineteenth century , '' Erewhon is a critique of Victorian society . In it , a British man comes across a never-before discovered society -LRB- which he is convinced is the lost tribes of Israel -RRB- . Erewhon has no plot to speak of . Here is its pattern
 It is interesting to read the `` Terminator-esque '' fears of 19th century scholar/writers like Butler . Unfortunately , in the face of today 's depleted oil supplies , such fears of machines taking over society may be a bit out of date . At any rate , what surely is out of date is Butler 's writing style , which is all `` tell '' and no `` show '' -- the complete opposite of , and in this case vastly inferior to , the Hemingway style of the 20th century . There is only a thin veneer of story here , a thin and slight excuse of a story and then Butler hits us with page after page of philosophical dystopian diatribe . Orwell may have learned a lot from this book which helped him write the masterpiece `` 1984 '' , but Orwell did it much , much better . Orwell 's story , as well as his dystopian diatribe , were much , much sounder and more described and more plausible .
 This book was originally published in 1975 and boy does it feel its age . The writing is dull , flat and mindlessly repetitive . Reading it feels like a flat-footed `` Dick and Jane '' story with corns and bunions to boot . I probably should cut this book some slack because the author was probably trying to follow some educational theory of the time where children learn best to read if the text is `` X '' . All I can say is `` Humph ! '' Reading this little gem aloud for the first time to my little four-year-old , I had to heavily revise the text on the fly to make it even halfway listenable . The two stars comes from the drawing of birds . My little guy loves birds and loved looking at the pictures . He recognized some of the birds from our backyard . I 've seen better birding books for the little ones .
 This book does not present much information about Chopin the man , and stumbles around endlessly about Chopin 's music . The prose is laughably dated . Who can not help laughing at sentences like `` Chopin distrusted Jews , but that 's the way Poles are . '' The French , English , Germans , and Hungarians
 The biography is very disappointing , the musical descriptions are poetic but do n't get into much detail . If you want a general feel for Chopin 's music but do n't want intricate musical detail , the descriptions of the pieces may suit your need . That 's the only reason I did n't give this book the lowest possible rating.For biographical info , `` Chopin in Paris '' by Tad Szulc is much more informative and accurate . Huneker 's biography , besides being relatively short , takes off on gossipy tangents that often jump around in time making it hard to get a good feeling for Chopin 's progression thru life.My problem with the musical descriptions -LRB- the book is divided into 76 pages of biography and 141 pages of music `` analysis '' , divided into sections on preludes , mazurkas , etc. -RRB- is again the gossipy nature . For example , the chapter on the preludes is 13 pages long . The first four pages are strictly about who claimed when and where they were written.I recently played Prelude No. 4 in E Minor at Peabody in Baltimore . Prior to the recital , I was deluged with coaching at college master-class play-ins , etc. . The discussions centered on things like why the downbeat beginning each measure is played weaker than usual , contributing to the feeling of hopelessness in the piece.Huneker 's descriptions are
 This book is listed with Weinstock as the author , but Huneker is the author . Weinstock wrote the forward . He also wrote a book called `` Chopin
 first of all , this is a book written by a british author for british women . i could understand most of the quips in the book , but not all of them.then all the advise . some good -LRB- and primitive -RRB- , some not so good -LRB- unless you have the personality of joan rivers -RRB- . i did n't like this book at all , but i thought i would give it a chance after reading the prequel .
 The author seems to be a very juvenile , wet behind the ear young woman who was attempting to publish anything with her name on it . This is definitely NOT a book on ettiquites that I would recommend , it is so basic , so , almost primative !
 He is much funnier to watch in old clips than it is to read the book . I guess it loses something in the translation .
 Never received the book !!! The vendor gave me the tracking number and suggested I try and locate it , unbelievable !!! I request a full refund and I will find the book elsewhere .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- It is a black , genuine leather , ESV Holy Bible Classic Thinline Edition , made by Crossway , with Red Letter . Note
 This is NOT a `` thinline '' Bible . It is much thicker than the `` less than 1 inch '' claimed on the box in which it came . I measure its thickness at 1.25 inches.Amazon says it has a 9-point font text , but this Bible actually uses an 8.2-point font , as stated on the box . Too small for my eyes.The paper used in this `` premium '' Bible is cheap and some of the pages were badly wrinkled when I received it . The cover is made of such cheap , stiff material that the book will not lay flat enough on its own to comfortably read the text if you are in the first or last 300 pages . And once you open it , the cover does not lay flat when you close it . Having had my copy open for only a few minutes and then closing it , the front cover is standing up from the rest of the book at about a 30 degree angle.The Bible supposedly has a smyth-sewn binding , but it behaves more like it has a glued binding -LRB- probably because of the very cheap cover that Crossway used -RRB- . I previously owned a less expensive thinline ESV with better paper , a larger font , and a much softer TruTone cover than this Bible offers . What a disappointment this `` premium '' Bible is . I am returning mine .
 This book consisted of black and white 2D scetches that lacked any real depth or detail . They are basic and generalised in presenting each period and contain nothing new that you would not have already seen or known about that decade.I do not recommend it to anyone who has a intrest in costume or design , but think it would be better suited as a childrens colouring in book.Don ' t waste your money .
 Carmen Depalma , a Houston detective , searches for a bizare serial killer . The search leads her into the world of bi-sexual women and sado-masochism . I liked this book for the first hundred pages . It seemed like a good murder/suspense tale was in the making . About page 200 I began to wish the action would speed up ; at page 300 -- with 200 pages yet to traverse -- I gave up . I wo n't read a book that bores me.A good editor would have chopped out most of the author 's lengthy descriptions of odd sexual practices and societies of bi-sexual women and cut this book down to 300 pages . With a little more discipline and a lot of cutting the author might have produced a good thriller.Smallchief
 The book is really well written and I might be willing to read another book by this author ... . but this book is just too ugly.I had nightmares after reading this book , it bothered me for weeks . Read it at your own risk .
 This has to be one of the most over-written books in any genre . I could not believe the amount of space wasted in wordy , directionless exposition . The author should be cited by the EPA for the hapless trees that needed to be sacrificed to print this junk . Police work has never seemed so boring . The events in this book are built on coincidence and the lethargic will of the author ; the investigators do nothing except stand around , talk in copspeak and react to the next transition in plot-which seems light years away to the reader . I truly can not believe the number of people who rated this book highly . In one of Kirkus ' other reviews , they equate Lindsey to Le Carre , a comparison that might ring true if Le Carre was drugged and beat about the head with a hammer before being positioned in front of his typewriter . Mercy blows more hot air than its Houston setting .
 I do n't get what people like about this book . Lindsey is a fluid writer , good describer , but his characters spend way too much time in their own heads and the action , in this book at least , is predictable and rendered downright boring . All the lurid details that are supposed to add to the `` psychoerotic '' nature of the book come off as crude and off-putting instead , like a geek at a sideshow biting the head off a chicken . And anyone who ca n't guess the `` surprise twist '' by page 25 was n't reading very closely .
 Although David Lindsey has a talent for descriptive prose , this book overall was a big disappointment to me . He did not seem to have a clear idea how the plot would unravel , and left too many loose ends . Each time I expected a new wrinkle to develop from a piece of evidence , he did n't bother to tie it in . I think it 's possible that he did n't even know how it would end until it did , and at that point he was just tired of writing . If you decide to read this book , be prepared to see very ugly things with no redeeming human value , and be prepared to be left wondering ... `` what ever happened with the ______ ? ''
 If I wanted a map of Texas I would have purchased an atlas instead of this boring book . The author had a good idea , but despite that , the only reason I even finished the book was because I had 100 pages to go and I was too damn OCD to just leave it at that .
 Psychosexual ? I figured out the plot twist in the first few pages and the murderer as soon as he/she was introduced .
 There are very few books , no matter how poor , that I have been unable or unwilling to finish , but this was one of them . I had to force myself to keep reading until finally , I just had to give up . I thought the writing style was pedestrian and there was just way too much of it . And yet there was no suspense and the pace was so slow , it drove me nuts . I totally disagree with reviewers who claim Lindsey writes good prose . There are so many who are better in this genre . Try John Connolly , Dennis Lehane , Carol O'Connell . I 'm sure there are plenty more who can write circles around this guy . -LRB- Just to be fair , and as a favor to a friend , I 'm giving Lindsey another chance and am halfway through his `` Animosity '' . It 's a totally different style , but unfortunately , no less boring . Ho hum ! -RRB-
 Beautiful pictures throughout the book . I do , however , wish there was an index or at least some way of finding certain holes in the book without having to turn every page . Overall , great pictures but poor layout .
 The cover indicated unusual scenes on the golf course . The other monthly pictures were rather ordinary .
 While this book is not the most expensive on the market , it appears to have been created from a ` boiler-plate ' of a series of canine books . Rather too much of it is not specific to Great Pyrenees . We have owned several Great Pyrenees and , from time to time , need information from reference sources . This book does not fall in to that category . It can be classified as `` Read through it once and then never refer to it again '' . There are several other Great Pyrenees books on the market that more adequately describe the requirements of owning one of these large dogs . Andrew Jonson 's attempt to address all matters relating to Great Pyrenees falls well short of the mark.This is not a book to recommend to potential or existing owners . Probably okay for children
 Nancy Cobb has some other books out there that I found to be much better than this product .
 I just received the new latest version of this book - August , 2004 . The book succeeds in showing good and bad examples of the same presentations , but that does n't require a book . It requires a graphics department . Nowhere does the book tell you how to make any of the charts . In today 's world , many of us must create our own presentations with whatever is available , usually Excel or Powerpoint or similar tools.I would also offer that most readers will not work through the exercises , as the percentage of our jobs that requires chart development is usually small . I grasped the basics of the book quickly . Keep it simple . I will assume that certain professionals , such as those in marketing or sales or executives giving a presentation to the board of directors , might need this level of specialization , but I find little useful in the book . Following the guideline of ` keep it simple ' , I will simplify my priorities , by focusing on other skills mastery . Mastering charts to this degree is beyond my needs .
 This book is so riddled with inaccuracies that even Mr. Neimark does n't recommend it . I have attended workshops with Mr. Neimark and all I can say is `` Run , do n't walk , the other way . ''
 OK , I 'm only 33 pages into this book , but one glaring error jumped out on pg . 14 . Naming characters , especially recurring ones in serial books , should be consistent even if it 's only a supporting character . Seems the male lead 's mother , the Duchess of Highbarrow , `` Victoria '' Bancroft has mysteriously morphed into `` Julia '' Bancroft between books 1 and 2 . No explanation . Her husband is still Lewis and he did n't appear to remarry . The sons are still Quin and Rafe and they speak of her as the one who gave birth & raised them . It 's really poor writing -LRB- and editing -RRB- to let something like this slip . Maybe I 'm just a stickler , but why call it a series , if you ca n't even remember the names you created for your characters.I 'll finish reading the book , but I do n't have high expectations . Yes , this is escapist genre writing , but lack of attention to detail prevents me from immersing myself in a story with such a blatant incongruity . Granted it 's only one mistake , but I 've only read 3 1/2 chapters . It does n't bode well for the remainder . Glad I did n't buy the book . Library loans takes the sting out of disappointing sequels .
 Since I love Regency romance , I decided to give this author a try . After all , she appears to be one of the `` big names '' in the business , and has a loyal following.But I will not be counted among that number . This book started off well . It was funny and really grabbed my attention . While it 's a well-used plot device , we all find the idea that the heroine , believing that the hero is bent on attack , beans him over the head , only to fall in love with him later , to be an interesting one . I was eagerly reading when the entertainment value of this book just started to fade out to nothing.After over 100 pages , I felt that I did n't know any more about the characters than I 'd learned from the first ten . I find this annoying . Characters -LRB- especially the main ones -RRB- should become more and more real to the reader , so that by the end of the book , they feel like old friends . That was n't happening here.Also , some of the things in the book just did n't seem to make sense to me . Like , how on earth does a woman alone manage to take care of all that livestock and manage the household tasks of cooking , cleaning and mending all by herself ? Wow , she must be superwoman or something . Why on earth did she think that Rafe was insane ? I did n't see anything in his behaviour that would have led me to think that he was nuts , yet the heroine decided that he was from the moment she met him , then hung on to that view . This got to be really annoying.I tried to get past all this and keep reading , but the book just could n't hold my interest . I did n't feel like the characters were falling in love . It just felt like they were gripped in the throes of lust . While sexual attraction is necessary for a good romance , it needs to be handled more delicately than this for it to be satisfying to the reader . In other words , I like it to be a bit more on the back burner , while the relationship develops with tender feelings . Physical attraction should be present between hero and heroine , but it ca n't ben the only thing drawing them together . That was the case here.I could n't make myself finish this , as my eyes kept glazing over as I read it and my mind kept wandering . I might read another of this author 's books , but only if I do n't have to pay any money for it . If you want really satisfying Regency romances that are keepers , I suggest the works of Sabrina Jeffries , Jacquie D'Alessandro , Mary Balogh , and Teresa Medeiros .
 Sort of an odd stew satirizing porn novels and English political extremists featuring an antihero skinhead as the catalyst for many things . Loads of over-the-top sex , violence and ideological debate make for a somewhat tiresome book . Not likely to appeal to many people .
 The book is not bad . The most valuable sections of this book include topics of Structure-Process-Outcome -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , cognitive learning , values , culture , goals , working with tools , and communication . The diagrams and tables in this book are almost not helpful at all ; sometimes you wonder if diagrams like figure 1-3 on page 23 is downright necessary to have there . I felt like parts four and five of the book really dragged on unnecessarily , especially the chapter on organizational engineering . It seemed as if the book completely broke down and lost it after page 300 . I think that Hoemann had a lot of potential in this book when I first saw it , and I was let down . Another nice thing would be for him to drop the plethora of coined-terms . Overall , there is some really nice thoughts in here , but there is a lot of unnecessary things that you have to thumb through .
 This annoying and preachy book is written entirely in the imperative mood , with quotes from widely-known computer industry `` visionaries '' liberally sprinkled on every line . There are some stunning pieces of wisdom -- `` To handle a complex problem you must be a complex person '' , `` Be reliable '' , `` Be Honest '' , and my favourite , `` During lunch , keep your overall consumption of food to a reasonable amount . '' Of course , there are numerous n-step solutions offered , that , by the very virtue of being n-step , are guaranteed to be a success . N-step recipes are supported by numerous charts . There are some good passages
 The book is not bad . The most valuable sections of this book include topics of Structure-Process-Outcome -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , cognitive learning , values , culture , goals , working with tools , and communication . The diagrams and tables in this book are almost not helpful at all ; sometimes you wonder if diagrams like figure 1-3 on page 23 is downright necessary to have there . I felt like parts four and five of the book really dragged on unnecessarily , especially the chapter on organizational engineering . It seemed as if the book completely broke down and lost it after page 300 . I think that Hoemann had a lot of potential in this book when I first saw it , and I was let down . Another nice thing would be for him to drop the plethora of coined-terms . Overall , there is some really nice thoughts in here , but there is a lot of unnecessary things that you have to thumb through .
 The author is clearly biased in some cases . Moreover , there 's some shoddy history going on with `` maybe '' this and referring to Ho Chi Minh as a `` nationalist '' over and over but never as Communist , which he was . Sure , he was both but the failure to ever refer to him or the VC as communist simply strikes me as an attempt to sway his readers into a belief that they were harmless . They were n't . And while I do n't think Vietnam was the right course of action for the US to take , I fail to understand why the author would refer to troops in Vietnam as `` stoned '' and `` demoralized '' implying they were always so . Yes , this is true after about ' 68 , but to imply that it was the case for all troops is dangerous and disrespectful.It 's also faulty his assertion that the majority of the US was against US intervention in Vietnam . The majority of Americans were in favor of the US 's policy of containment.Read Stanley Karnow 's _ Vietnam _ or Michael Hunt 's _ Lyndon Johnson 's War _ . This book is pretty biased and seems to be an exercise in language to make Ho Chi Minh an Asian Abe Lincoln .
 Bought the book over a month ago and totally disagree with a lot of the reviews online ; book is almost totally unreadable as it takes even the most simple pieces of code and over complicates them to the point where you just end up closing the cover and say what a waste of money .
 Le titre de ce livre ne convient tout simplement pas . En achetant ce livre , je m ` attendais &agrave; ce que le contenu soit avanc&eacute; . Habituellement , lorsque l'on est rendu au point d'apprendre des techniques de codage , on a pas besoin de savoir ce qu'un integer ou d'avoir un exemple de programmation orient&eacute;e objet avec une classe de 1 m&eacute;thode et 2 propri&eacute;t&eacute;s . Enfin bref , un autre livre sur lequel on peut dire qu'on apprends rien d'autre que des petits trucs simple et faciles &agrave; trouver sur Internet gratuitement . En plus , le livre cote bien trops cher . Je ne pouvais pas mettre 0/5 alors je me suis content&eacute; de mettre 1 &eacute;toile .
 I found this book in the seatback on an Amtrak train from NY to DC so I do n't know if it was forgotten or just left as the trash that it is . It took about ten pages to realize that it was just pure sleeze , and i gave up after getting half way through it within 15 minutes . I could slap myself for wasting that much time . I enjoy good erotica , but this is more like pulp putzing .
 This book is a joke ! It covers different stories told supposedly by women in Exotic positions , such as strippers , prostitutes and porn stars . The stories are very well made up , at least the author has a creative mind . All it really talks about is the hundreds of lovers these women take on , nothing else .
 I just finished reading this book and i was appauled . The book covers nothing but stripper stories which do nothing more than make the stripper out to be a major whore ! I have no opinion on women selling their bodies , stripping , or making movies , but this book would definately make me respect them less than I already do .
 It 's okay . I tried her recepies on basics like breads and it was bland . I think she 's mixing Trini with some other culture 's recepie and it 's just not working too well . The way she describes ponche crema is not the simple , delicious way a Trini makes it -- We do n't add cream of coconut!I should have put the money towards the Naparima Girls book . Never heard one complaint about that book from any die-hard Trini .
 I hate this book and wish I was not forced to read it . I fell asleep a good 15-20 times trying to get through this horrible novel . If you have to read it , I feel sorry for you . This is the kind of book that makes you want to go play in traffic . At least that Johnny dude dies . I wish they all would have . DO NOT READ THIS BOOK UNLESS YOU HAVE TO , AND IF YOU HAVE TO , CONSIDER TAKING THE F !
 Hello peoples . I recomend not to read this book . As other readers have stated ... it was very boring and 500 pages saying '' my life ... '' so you can read this book if you dont already know that life can ... . if you dont know that , you should definitly read this book !!! i repeat ... this book is very boring ... and i dont recomend it !!!!
 This book is 3 words over and over again
 I have never been as bored in my life as much as I was when I was forced to read `` A Tree Grows In Brooklyn '' during my Freshman year of High School . It was absolutley HORRIBLE . There basically is no plot , just some idiot girl rambling about this and that , her parents , the trees , the house , some stupid aunt of hers ...
 I was planning to use this audio for a reading class . It is a pretty big set of DVD 's and DVD # 1 is missing . I contacted the dealer and got no resolution . I just wanted the first DVD , or a new set , but it was his only one . It was sealed so it had to be originally packaged with that DVD missing .
 This book was going great until I got to page 60 . The next page was missing and was clearly printed that way , not torn out . I flipped through the next few pages and realized that pages were put together all mixed up , so I 've had to flip around to keep reading . It 's very annoying and confusing . The publisher is Harper Collins . They should be ashamed of themselves . This book is a classic . Get the book , just not this printing .
 No climax , no definite plot , no villain . This book breaks the definition of a literary classic and goes off on so many tangents that the reader becomes confused as to what the entire book is actually about , not to mention Francie is a one dimensional charachter who shows little growth until the end of the book where she suddenly changes into an entirely different creature . The novel would have been better if it was solely about Katie !
 I am usually fond of mid-twentieth century classics such as this , so when I was assigned to read it for my ninth grade english class , I looked forward to enjoying it . However , I was disappointed to find that it is a horrible and tedious book .
 I recently read this book for my English class at school . I have enjoyed every other book we have been required to read ; however , I strongly disliked this book . From the first chapter I lost interest in the ornate , seemingly endless details . On several occasions I noted incorrect grammar in the book , and even misspellings ! Never before have I seen such a poorly written book . I do not recommend this book . I would not call this book a classic .
 This is the kind of book that has poor grammer , misspelled words , and is too long . Often times authors make their books drag on and on and on . I feel that is what the author of this book did . I would suggest that you find another book to read and not waist your time .
 This is a book I actually hated . I felt it was meant to show `` what growing up in a poor Catholic family in that time period in Brooklyn was like . '' That 's my family background , and it just struck me as some upper-class WASP who beat it out of the brownstones down South at a young age 's snobbish look down . The `` plain '' daughter got sent to a convent ? The daughter who was moving up financially sent her kids to an Episcopalian school ? The mother told her daughter it would have been a beautiful thing if she 'd lost her virginity to a guy she was n't going to see again , although wearing her hair down was bad ? This is probably my least favorite book ever -LRB- I finished it because it was a school assignment . -RRB-
 A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a great book . I 'd recommend it to people of all ages . It should be required reading for everyone ! An excellent book from cover to cover .
 This is the most tedious novel I have ever read . Not only does it spend too much time with detail , it seems to drag on FOREVER . A complete waste of time . Smith spends so much time on character development yet none of the characters are interesting or intelligent . And it never ends ! If you are suicidal , do not read this book -- it 's too depressing . This is the first book I have actually hated . When I read it I daydreamed at least 50 times a page . I though I would never finish . This book is for sensative , emotional girls who cried during Titanic . Boys who like Star Wars and Pulp Fiction will want to burn this book after reading ten pages . Trust me . A lot of people like it because they can `` relate '' to it . But that 's not what literature is about . Literature is about telling an interesting story in a manner that provokes thought , not about spending three-quarters of the book getting people `` attached '' to the characters and then at the end put them through a tragedy that makes sensative people cry and delute themselves into thinking the book was `` powerful '' and `` moving '' . Take my word for it , this book is wordy and poorly though out .
 The novel , A Tree Grows In Brooklyn , was -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- not insightful , and completely lacked any reality needed to convince the reader of the author 's position.The stories of the protagonist making up the entire novel may be uplifting to some , but those crave action or more reality are in for a snore . Of course , while some books really do a decent job of conveying their message without either of the two , A Tree Grows In Brooklyn not once persuaded me of the author 's point of view.The novel was written in hopes of inspiring people by leaving out most of the details we need to hear to really understand what life in the slums is like . If you do not want to hear those details then read the book ; for everyone else , however , I strongly suggest you stay away from A Tree Grows In Brooklyn .
 I hate this book and wish I was not forced to read it . I fell asleep a good 15-20 times trying to get through this horrible novel . If you have to read it , I feel sorry for you . This is the kind of book that makes you want to go play in traffic . At least that Johnny dude dies . I wish they all would have . DO NOT READ THIS BOOK UNLESS YOU HAVE TO , AND IF YOU HAVE TO , CONSIDER TAKING THE F !
 This book was totally boring . Even though it was 1 of the greatest books I 've read.HAhahahaha
 I just finished reading this book a few minutes ago . I am not trying to be against the grain here at all but I do n't understand how this book is so reputably powerful and a classic . It 's not terrible reading because this story was by far very well written and my vocabulary has increased by atleast 13 new words . Overall though , this book felt like a auto biography , too close to reality to really wow me . As the reader , I was experiencing poverty , hunger , bulleying , chronic rejection and loss of innocence through Francie 's eyes and yet , she progressed beautifully by independently finding ways to be educated and learning about the world and the people in it . I did find myself physically reacting to certain parts like when this young woman whom had a baby but was unwed was bedeviled by the neighbors and having rocks thrown at her and her child . Also , an important character in my mind passed on which changed my mood from then on . For the record , I feel the need to defend Francies Father Johnny . Yes , he did drink but I do n't feel like he deserved to be treated like an acute alcoholic . He was never biligerent or hurtful to his family . Johnny was n't the type to pour whiskey in his morning cereal and he was always singing and being chipper . But because every night when he performed he had gotten inebriated this is how he was remembered . Luckily , Francie saw past it because he was the only one that truely understood her and supported her ideas and dreams . Katie , Francie 's mother lacked a sense of humor , obviously favored Francie 's younger brother Neely , and could not let go of her control issues . It was her way or the highway . I do n't want to give away the entire story but I must say that although I did enjoy reading this book , it did not satisfy my hunger from what I expected based on all the reviews I read about it . A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is an adventure and will more than likely relate to you in some way , this book just illustrated what we all must go through ... Life .
 This book was 9th grade honors English required reading ... our teachers beat it to death , and it was really awful anyway . The book was boring , pointless , and plotless , until towards the end . I would not reccommed it .
 This book took forever in developing the plot . It seemed like I had read a quarter of the book before we even got to the main character . It was also a little predictable when it came to what would happen to her father .
 I honestly do n't know how this novel has become a classic . As an avid reader I had to practically force myself to get through this book and only did so because my book club was reading it . I was n't the only person in our club who was disappointed . It was a miserable story and pointless . It was a great discription of life in Brooklyn during that time period but Betty Smith never made me care about the characters enough to care about what happened to them . This novel needs more character development to be a classic . I only give it 2 stars instead of 1 because it really is a great description of life in Brooklyn .
 My bookclub picked this book as every once in a while we do a classic and many in my club had fond memories of this book . Unfortunately , I could n't finish it . I got about half through and was never engaged in it . I found myself skimming much of it and finally decided that I 'd move on to something else . I think if you enjoy lots of detailed description , this might be a good book for you . It moved too slowly for me , though .
 I read this book for our book club . The reviews for this book got my hopes high before I started reading it , but disappointed me after I completed the book . Betty Smith wrote this book based on her own life experience , but she did not add any value for the readers who read the book -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . If you have no interest in experiencing poor childhood or awkward adultlecense , I would not recommend the book .
 I do n't think I 've been forced to read a book so poorly written . You would think Smith could put in at least a little plot and maybe a better point . This book is a dull read and not worth the time or money to buy .
 A Tree Grows In Brooklyn is the first book that I have ever truely hated . I usually choose books with topics and intersets that I like . I , and like a lot of people , do not like to be told what I have to read . This was I book I had to read for summer reading . Out of all the books on the list and that I have ever read , this was the worst piece of crap that I have ever read . The main thing that made me hate this book was that the depressing and sad life lead by Francie Nolan , is that it is very much like mine . She is me living in the 1800 's . The story is about Francie and her family 's struggle through poverty , death , periods of no food and money , and most imoportantly , alcoholism . When you think that things ca n't get any worse , they do . Out of all the characters in the book I hate Johnny Nolan . He is just like my dad , but when my dad is drunk he is a jerk . I do n't know how she can love someone who is holding her back from the world . She and the rest of her family give up alot for thier father 's little things like clean shirt , beer and bus money . My favorite part in the book was when he died . I celebrated this convince for Francie ...
 The book 's cover is in good condition and the pages are in good condition too . Very little wear . The problem is , about 4 chapters in the pages are in the wrong order . I 've found this very frustrating - I keep having to flip back and forth through the pages . The seller should have made this apparent in the item 's discription .
 I expected the book to be used ... even used . What I did not expect was that the cover of the book -LRB- including the portion that covers the spine -RRB- is attached by a few threads . I do n't mind worn . But this condition makes the book hard to read and is inconsistent with how I remember the book being described in the sales materials .
 I found this book not worth the $ $ , it was well written but too sweet and hard to finish . Definitly not a page turner .
 I 'm not happy with this book at all . I 'm not a scientist outside of the field of information technology and I want something to explain Einstein 's theories that I could read . I read such a book when I was young . It 's out of print , but you can purchase it on Amazon used . It 's entitled `` Relativity
 I think the theory is flawed . A giant goat with a big magnet is responsible for gravity . That 's until the goats keeper takes it away for milking and then there 's no gravity .
 What an incredible disappointment ! Is one star as low as I can go ? Nothing , lots and lots of nothing , is what this book contains . Unless you like to read , over and over again , the words Me , I , My , Me , I , I and Oh yes , ME , do n't bother . Where is the Beef ? I have never seen such a narcissistic endeavor . It was a total waste of money and expectation . The hype I received from the E-Zine Queen convinced me I should buy this book . That 's the one and only chance she had to gain my respect . It seems a club of mutual admirers got together and decided to endorse this shallow , boring fake . What a shame . Count me out of this network of self admirers . I have been robbed .
 Disclosure
 I was looking for a book about dolphins , sharks and fish as a primer for my kids prior to our trip to Sea World . While this book has some nice photos and some interesting facts about sea life , it is also filled with religious propaganda -- which is fine if that 's what you 're looking for , but I was n't and now I seriously regret the purchase . I think the description should have been much more clear about the preaching contained in the book - the single reference to `` God '' was an insufficient warning .
 I found this book to be extremely boring . While the pictures were done well , the content was way too traditional and museum-like . The rooms did n't look like anyone could live in them , and that the furniture ought to be slipcovered in plastic like some of our Grandparents homes .
 I subscribe to Traditional Home magazine and have purchased their other books . Signature Style was a terrible disappointment . It lacks the interesting , informative style for which they are known . Pictures and text are below par . Gives you the feeling this was done by some other entity who dashed it off without much thought . Save your money .
 The book does not live up to Traditional Home 's reputation of quality work . Frankly , I can find better photos and design insite from magazines than what I found in this book . It 's easy to understand why there are so many people wanting to sell the copies they have . It is honestly a disppointment if you are used to truly inspiring design publications . If you decide to buy this book , do yourself a favor and purchase a used copy . Even at Amazon 's reduced price it 's still over priced for what you get .
 i was very dissappointed in this book . nothing new or fresh . photography is really unispiring . too tradtional and old fashioned , nothing innovative here .
 The book `` Oil Field Chemicals '' is limited to superficial generalizations and lists of chemicals without a critical review or insights into chemical interactions . It is a diappointment to anyone looking for an in-depth coverage of oilfield chemicals .
 This is a book where the author tells about his own expirience on self therapy in order to accept the fact that he is n't as good as he would like to be in his professional area -LRB- despite he thinks he is teaching how to run a good life - i.e. finding hapiness despite you do n't have the recognition that you would like in your professional area -RRB- . Perhaps it can be helpful for someone who doese n't have a grate consciousness about him/herself and/or face the same problem of the author .
 Make sure you view the sample first . Most of the characters particular to Spanish and linquistics show up as gibberish and on most pages the formatting seems to be lost . It is obvious that no one at the publisher even glanced at this to see if it worked when it was converted . Amazon can share responsibility . At the time of this review Kindle developers are still exclusively Anglo-centric . I hope they eventually see the value in adding some foreign language support -LRB- yes , Amazon , there are some people that read Spanish in the United States ... -RRB- .
 If this is n't ueless , it 's certainly misleading . Read the previous review , and do n't bother downloading it for your Kindle .
 Buyer Beware - Another Rip-off . An hour ago I thought that I was buying this dictionary . What I received instead on my AmazonKindle was The New Oxford American Dictionary . This is not the first times that I have been cheated like this , but I assure you that it will be the last !
 Yes , I 'm a zombie fan , both real and pseudo . Still , this book is a bit of a snore.Now if the book is about people in survival mode instead , then Moody does n't seem to understand individual differences and the broad range of `` fight or flight '' reactions at all . All I can figure is that his characters must reflect his own truncated response . And where are the characters with the truly good problem-solving skills ? Weak.This was like the time I saw the `` Blair Witch Project '' and was puzzled when the characters kept wandering around in circles . I 'm an urbanite and still I kept thinking , `` Why do n't you just follow the river back ? '' In `` Autumn '' because the evolving zombies seemed to best orient toward noise , I kept thinking `` Why do n't you just come up with some sort of simple missile device to create noise and distract these suckers ? '' Molotov cocktail , anyone?Real or pseudo , there are much better zombie stories out there .
 I got this book based on the many recommendations that other Amazon.com readers left on the search page . My question to all of them that rated this book 3 stars and above is , did we read the same book ? This is probably the worst , most boring `` Zombie '' book I 've ever read , and I 've read many as this sub-genre of horror is my specialty . I was very disappointed in the fact that nothing really happened . No one got eaten , no one got torn to shreds , and not one Zombie was killed !!! The characters are dull and we never really learn anything about them other than the fact that they are sad and depressed . Besides all of these things , this book sucking can be summed up right here . This is pretty much the dialogue from the entire book . `` Are you okay ? '' `` I do n't know . '' `` Is Carl okay ? '' `` Maybe . '' `` What should we do ? '' `` I do n't know . '' `` Is something the matter ? '' `` No . '' `` We should do something , right ? '' `` I do n't know . '' Oh my god ... this goes on and on throughout the entire book !!! I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs . Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!
 I 've got one word for you
 Without a doubt this has to be most boring , apocalyptic zombie horror book I have ever had the misfortune to read.The story starts off promising enough with an unknown virus which kills millions and nicely introdcues us to the characters but thats where it ends . The rest of the story is taken up with them finding somewhere to live and going out for supplies.The author does a good job of trying to convey the shock and disbelief of surviving such an event but it is overdone . 200 pages into a book I dont want the characters still sitting around in a state of shock.It seems as if David Moody started to write the first few chapters which evolved into a whole book but the early chapters never ended.At no point did I care about any of the characters because they were two dimensional . We learnt very little of their back stories so I never connected with them.Now onto the zombies , OMG without doubt these are the most unscary monsters I have ever come across . They dont do anything but walk around and bumb into things . Its obvious that the trio are never really in danger from them . I also find it hard to believe that in todays world , if you saw the dead rising and walking around the word zombie would not pop into your head , but it seems as if the protagnists in the book are oblivious to the fact that these dead people are indeed zombies.Save your money and buy World War Z.
 When i first read the plot for this book , it sounded good . Maybe not original in the Zombie genre -LRB- i ' v only found Sandman Slim Kill The Dead original in the genre -RRB- . But god i did not expect it to kill me with boredom . I am a avid reader but i had to push myself to finish this book , it was slower than the undead it chronicled . Also i did n't care by the end of the book which of the main charters died ... i was actually hoping for it . The mere thought of trying to read the others in the series ... frightens me . Unless David Moody 's style of writing changes and actually gets some life to it ... i wont be reading further novels from him .
 This book series gets annoying . Every character in the book is a whining sissy . The author repeats a few phrases more times than I would like to read . The lack of creative writing along with the characters whining , irritates me . If you like zombie novels were everyone sits around and sobs about how pathetic and confused they are . Then this is your novel . This book is bad , but it has some good qualities . The second book -LRB- the city -RRB- , however , is just more of the same and worse . I 'm 100 pages into The City , and I feel like a chump for giving this publisher more of my money . In both books there has been the introduction of more than a hundred characters , and out of all of them not one is going on a zombie killing rampage.Autumn does n't compare to other great zombie adventures like Day By Day Armageddon or Tooth and Nail.This is one story that is n't worth the time or money .
 I wanted to like Autumn by David Moody . I really did . The book starts off with potential . The way the ` epidemic ' spreads is interesting as is the manner of how the corpses slowly become zombies . But that 's it.The writing is poor , the pacing is snail-like slow , and the characters are just blah . The dialogue is often repeated , with dozens of pages dedicated to the
 Autumn is n't a zombie novel . That 's something you 'll have to figure out pretty quickly . Sure , there are corpses that get up , wander around , and bump into things , but that 's really about all they do for over half the book . Instead , the focus is on a group of three completely unlikable -LRB- and frankly , hard to keep track of because they all talk exactly the same way -RRB- `` survivors '' whose names I wo n't even bother mentioning.Essentially , the premise is that a virus sweeps the world -LRB- I assume -RRB- , randomly killing ... well , just about everyone . The few left -LRB- in the unidentified `` English '' city this story takes place in , about thirty people out of half a million are left unaffected -RRB- band together at a community center with flimsy walls -LRB- this exposition is set up rather ludicrously early on and there 's not even a pay off -RRB- , the dead start rising , and people start to panic . Unfortunately , it 's really hard to figure out why everyone immediately goes into survival mode -LRB- people panic at the site of a mob of undead , only to learn they 've simply gotten themselves hung up on a parked car -RRB- , since the zombies , while obviously dead , are n't initially any more deadly than the average pot head or dementia patient . They shuffle around and bump into things , they freeze up whenever anyone touches them , etc. . The irrational level of fear people have for them would seem to indicate people have been watching BBC 's midnight zombie flick marathon , except no one ever seems to make the zombie connection -LRB- Moody apparently subscribes to the theory that zombie fiction is best when the word zombie never appears -RRB- . While I do n't really care what you call the undead -LRB- be it skels , Deadites , zombies , Darkseekers , or whatever -RRB- , I at least a reason for everyone to be afraid of them.For over half of its over 300 page length , we get a series of repetitive sequences that do n't really move the plot along , all the while mobile corpses -LRB- it seems to cheat the term to call them zombies or even undead -RRB- wander around in the shadows . True , scenes of zombies in the distance do make for an eerie atmosphere -LRB- Resident Evil Apocalypse and Dawn of the Dead 's far superior remake manage this beautifully -RRB- , but since for most of Autumn that 's all the dead even do , it quickly stops being scary -LRB- at least for me , if not the characters themselves -RRB- and starts just being loopy.Let 's talk about the characters themselves . Autumn has quite a large cast of them , all of whom Moody seems to feel duty bound to name , but none of whom really matter . There are , however , three main survivors . One man has lost his wife and daughter -LRB- his only unique feature , and one which Moody will keep pounding into us long after it gets old -RRB- , another man -LRB- who I really ca n't remember anything at all about , and I gave up on this book yesterday over 150 pages in -RRB- , and a woman whose response to this nightmare at first was to simply crawl into bed , pull up the covers , and wish everything would go away . There are a host of tertiary characters as well , such as the man in the first chapter who succumbs to the plague -LRB- since he never comes back as a zombie , it seems rather pointless to have this scene at all , since we get not one but about a dozen similar scenes through the eyes of our survivors -RRB- , another man who starts off looking for a gas station and quickly reveals himself to be a massive prick , two rather pointless old women , two equally pointless young women -LRB- who both sob a lot -RRB- , and several others who are fortunately only present briefly , only to be eaten off screen when the extremely flimsy building they all stupidly took shelter in -LRB- `` I can push the walls apart ! '' announces a main character rather pointlessly early on , which terrifies the others for no reasons , since there 's no danger from outside at this point , and is to foreshadowing what a three year-old 's finger painting is to Monet -RRB- . We knew this was going to happen the minute our three main characters left , the only problems with the scene are how badly it 's set up and the fact that it all occurs off page -LRB- including the aftermath -RRB- , meaning we do n't even get to see the results of the suddenly not friendly zombies as they devour everyone . This is , frankly , a shame , since the long and plodding scenes leading up to this deserve SOME sort of pay-off , but they really do n't ever get any , as is the case with this novel as a whole.It 's hard to keep the characters straight , mainly because they have such a narrow range of personality
 I would think that the technical ability to write would be a minimum requirement for an author and having a compelling story would be key to publishing a novel . Worst case , an editor can fix the former , but the lack of the latter spells doom . This book fails on both counts.If I was kind , I 'd attribute the swtich from first to third person naration as an attempt to be artsy , but it is seemingly so random that I ca n't believe that . Oh , and here 's a tip , you do n't need to refer to the three main charcters by their first name in every scene . If I had a dime for ever sentance that contained some variation of `` Emma , Michael and Carl ... , '' I 'd be a rich man . Here 's a good drinking game
 I was very excited about reading this book , especially knowing it was a series . The hope to carry characters through a cataclysm is one that intreges me . Unfortunatly , although the concept around the story is a good one , the characters are incredibly unsympathetic . They are either bickering or whining , even close moments when you feel that they are going to connect it turns into a confronation . At the end I really did n't care if they lived or died.And the language is unbelievably harsh , yes , I do n't mind the occasional f-bomb , but at times it seemed unrelenting . If you agree with this review and have read the other books and Mr Moody 's writing style has changed please let me know .
 I really tried to like this book . I probably made it halfway.The book dragged and was quite boring . In an attempt to make the zombies &#34; different &#34; , I thought the author failed miserably . I kept waiting for something to happen and ... nothing . One reviewer said the last 75 pgs were great . Huh?I could n't keep the characters straight , I ended up taking notes . That being said ... . the characters were hateful . Nothing redeeming whatsoever . E very page -LRB- just about -RRB- kept asking ... . are you okay?It was odd how close they got to the zombies ... . even bringing one into their refuge without knowing if they were contagious.Lastly , it always amazes me that during TEOTAWKI nobody really cares about their lost ones -LRB- except one guy -RRB- . If my family were across the ocean , you bet your butt I 'd be looking for a row boat.I have no intent to read a sequel ... . I really do n't care what happens to these morons .
 Please note
 I kept waiting for something interesting to happen , and it really never did . There was a total lack of character development , and even less plot development . I 'm buying the second book to see if the characters die . .
 I 'm sorry to say I was seduced into purchasing this novel by several factors . In general I like post-apocalyptic survivor stories -LRB- I Am Legend , Year Zero , The Stand -RRB- , but I was also influenced by positive comments from readers . Which goes to show that book reviews -- as well as books -- are best left to professionals . `` Autumn '' is not slow moving in terms of events , but it is plodding . The writing is so amateurish , it leaves me wondering if `` Infected Books '' , the publisher , is a vanity press . The paperback itself is printed with a cheap-looking typeface in a fairly large print.Occasional chapters are narrated in first-person point of view from one or another of the several main characters , but since there is no discernible difference in their voice or tone , this just seems silly . Not only are the characters barely distinguishable , they are also inarticulate and unsympathetically drawn , and the dialogue is tediously repetitious , basically
 David Moody has written a hyper-realistic apocalyptic zombie survival thriller - not simply a knock off text of popular zombie movies , but a strongly character driven book.Three Characters who are so obtuse and dull , and written in the same first person voice as to be indistinguishable from either each other or the 3rd party intermittent narrator.Virtually nothing happens in this book - sure most of humanity is wiped out , and eventually rises in mass - but readers know how that goes ; getting a hyper realistic look into the psyche of three nearly identical characters is n't that interesting - and certainly does n't warrant 200 pages.Maybe as an American reader I expect more from both my zombie thriller and its protagonists , than several trips to the grocery store , lots of soup being consumed , and one brief chapter of massed zombies at the barricades .
 I read this , the first book . I admit , I have n't read the rest of the series , but I do n't really feel a need to . The book does n't really stand on its own since almost nothing happens , and the book is n't that interesting to begin with.A mysterious force kills everyone in England , but re-animates some of the dead . Those who survived find themselves lost and aimless in a decaying world . At first , the story focuses on a group of survivors , but then three of them leave their fragile retreat and find a deserted farm where they try to survive.As other reviewers pointed out , the zombies do n't become dangerous until halfway through the book . The book is n't too badly-written with three compelling characters -LRB- although with vague backgrounds -RRB- , but the book spends more time dealing with their despair at the dead world than anything else . There are endless scenes where the characters literally do nothing but sit around , contemplating the hopelessness of their existence . They encounter the zombies a few times , but most of their encounters involve pushing the zombies away.Since the heroes find a sanctuary almost immediately , there 's not much of a threat . I 'm not saying there 's not room for a story dealing with the psychological aspects of a zombie story , but there needs to be something else for them to do . I also was confused by why they gave up on life so quickly . There was never a scene where they confirmed that * everyone * in England was killed . Could n't it have been a local phenomenon ? And they never bothered to check to see whether it was a worldwide disaster . The characters immediately came to the conclusion that civilization had ended , and life was over . Unrealistic and that shut off what could have been a compelling story.There are geniunely well-written and frightening scenes , but those are too few and far-between . Maybe the other novels get more in-depth , but I think the author should have given us more in the first book . As it is , the events of `` Autumn '' could have filled five or six chapters , and gotten to the good stuff . And for the record , this book was indeed self-published .
 Most zombie stories begin the same way . Take a random , ordinary day ; add a mysterious plague that kills a great percentage of the population ; focus on a handful of survivors as they seek each other out and come to terms with the fact that their loved ones are now flesh-eating undead . I really do n't see the need for re-writing the classic Night of the Living Dead gig , unless there 's a new -LRB- or at least interesting -RRB- twist to it . Like 28 Days Later , where the never-identified-as-zombies `` Infected '' have a very different sort of affliction , and even Shaun of the Dead with its comic twist . Autumn , sadly , offers nothing new or exciting in its story.True to the genre formula , the book begins with an ordinary autumn day turned gruesome , as people begin to asphyxiate and literally drop dead , leaving very few survivors . By the end of the next day , half of the bodies `` wake up '' and start walking around aimlessly . And then they start reacting to sound and light ... And then they start attacking the living ... Not really all that suspenseful if you 've ever seen a zombie flick.But that 's ok , that 's what makes it a horror story . Author David Moody -LRB- if he - a horror writer - was actually born with that last name , it would be a crazy coincidence -RRB- still has a chance to wow me with his writing skills and characterization . We can look into the human condition ; we can sympathize with the characters and bite our nails when it looks like they have no way out . We can be mentally transported to the cottage in which the survivors huddle and feel part of the story . At the very least , since it is a horror story after all , we can be supremely grossed out.Or not.Moody 's writing is disappointingly amateurish and repetitive -LRB- if I read the phrase `` unexpected and inexplicable '' one more time , I would have slammed my head into a wall -RRB- . His descriptions are flat and the characters are mind-numbingly dull . We skim the surface of them - age , sex , occupation - but never delve into what they are feeling . Their interactions mainly consist of
 One word
 I wanted to like this book ; I can even admire the guy 's tenacity and willingness to break the bounds of the genre . I do n't have to have gore and violence in my reading.But I do require two things
 So , this was apparently a first for the writer and you can tell . The story is slow-moving with dialogue that 's stalled from beginning til end . It was interesting to read , but the characters lacked depth and logic . One character asks why they need a rifle . Duh !? And when -LRB- spoiler coming -RRB- another character swears he 's going to kill all the walking dead what does he do ? He runs into a mob of undead with a single firearm . He does n't even get off one shot . Come on ? There were other options that was sort of teased , but never attempted by the characters . And there 's absolutely zero explanation as to why the outbreak happened and why some folks survived . I eagerly read the book - just to get over with it , so I could begin another zombie thriller . I probably will read Moody 's next attempt . And I was thinking about watching the movie , but the reviews on Netflix are absolutely hilarious - hilariously bad . I think the reviews might be more entertaining than the actual film . : -RRB-
 This was not a story of zombies , and barely a story of the undead . Not to give away too much of the plot , but the bulk of the story centered around a small group of survivors - not so much as how they struggled to survive against the zombies as much as about how bored and lost they were , and how they missed their former lives . The story is well written - no doubt about that - but there is simply not enough here unless you like to read a lot of whining . Any real plot advances are crushed as they plummet into their own set of whining .98 % of the conflict in this book is internal to each character , as each character struggles with survivor 's guilt and if/how they are going to move forward . Is life really worth living with 99 % of the population dead , and some of those `` re-animated '' ? Would my -LRB- now dead -RRB- family want me to keep going ? How are we going to live ? Where are we going to live ? Are we just going to `` survive '' while we hide from the re-anmiated creatures ? You are asked these questions again , and again , and again , and about the fourth time the characters ask the question you almost start to wish they would get attacked or something to spare them , and yourself , more of the half-hearted mental `` anguish '' that quickly devolves into just more whining.You do n't really get `` zombies '' until perhaps the last 15-20 pages , and despite the writing , you never quite feel the - desperation and fear that the author should have been trying to instill . The `` zombies '' are terrifying more the way a freight train would be terrifying if you were near the tracks as the train approached . There is no malevolence , no eating flesh , no hunting humans - really very few moments of excitement , and absolutely no chills . In the end , there is nothing thrilling about the climax , and even less about the rest of the book .
 Nothing happened from beginning to end . No action , certainly no bloody zombie action . It was like ohhhh the dead have risen lets try and stay away from them if we can .
 I gave this book two stars because of its original approach to an old idea . The zombies in this book -LRB- called `` bodies . '' The z word is never used . -RRB- were different enough to draw my attention.Unfortunately , that is really all this book had going for it . The author failed to show me any reason to be afraid of these bodies . I was told over and over that the survivors were afraid , but I saw no compelling reason for that.If you do decide to try this book , because of all the -LRB- wtf -RRB- 4 + reviews everywhere , I recommend you -LRB- a -RRB- get it from the library and -LRB- b -RRB- stop at book one .
 Worst novel I 've read in a long time , and I 'm tolerant on sci-fi . No wonder it was rejected for years by editors and then , oh dear , downloaded by people by who have not read much when the author self-published it.This book is a piece of cr * p , with characters who mostly hate one another , and then most of them die . Much of story is these idiots who hang around a building , yelling at one another , then die . So you get to know a few characters , and then they 're dead in a few pages.Gawd . There was not one single character I liked . I actually hoped they would all get keeled and recuse me from this poor excuse of a story .
 I read a lot of Zombie books , some good , some bad . `` Autumn '' is in the latter category , it is slow too get moving and the British terminology is off putting . Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this book .
 I do n't understand is this book made of gold or gasoline ? Why the hell does it cost sooo much ? Does the author David Moody come to your home and actually read the book to you ? When you order this book do you get 25 copies ? I have many more questions about this book , but I do n't wish or want to waste my time . Hope this review helps , maybe when I get back from overseas , get out of the military , sell my home or first born just maybe I will be able to afford such a luxurious book . This explains why the local library does n't have the book .
 At first when I realized this book had been taken up my a mainstream publisher I thought great I will definitely give this one a chance since I am a huge fan of everything zombie related.I do regret buying this book . It 's not often that I have regrets about something I have purchased but this is one of those times.The story is nothing special or in fact , new . The writing reads amateurish and when I was finished reading I knew I definitely would NOT go any further into this series.For fans of the genre , if you are looking for action stay away . This book was rather mundane and boring .
 I had been eyeing David Moody 's ` Autumn ' trilogy for a while now and happened to come across all three books in my local used book shop . I could n't pass up the deal , so I purchased all three . ` Autumn ' , the first in the series , concerns a zombie apocalypse where about 98 % of the world population just up and dies . The story that we 're told concerns twenty or so survivors in a small English village . The survivors hole up in an old community center and watch as the dead rise . At first the dead are harmless , but as the days pass become more aggressive and eventually downright deadly . Hilarity ensues.The plot focuses on three of these survivors , two men and a woman , none of whom are what I would call `` likeable '' . Moody 's characterization is very thin and the characters are constantly doing and saying things that no normal person , regardless of the stress of the situation , would ever do or say . Our three `` heroes '' tire of the situation at the community center and , through some vague rationalization , decide to set out on their own . They head out into the countryside and suffer through some less than thrilling adventures and eventually find a farmhouse out in the middle of Nowheresville , England . They set up shop but , unfortunately for them , the zombies find them.The books reads quickly , but not because its necessarily interesting but moreso because of its amateurishness . Characterization is attempted -LRB- one guy misses his dead family , another is tough on the outside but a real softie on the inside , etc. -RRB- but shows that Moody is no Stephen King . The storyline is pretty standard for a zombie book
 Here 's how to make a good idea go bad in about 300 pages
 I really wanted to get behind this book . I 've read other zombie novels and I 've loved them.I just could n't . This was a really quick read . The main characters were bothersome . The one with the most depth became dull as the author reminded us again and again of the character 's driving force.A lot of the prose was beating the dead dog . Anytime someone came up with a proactive idea , there were pages upon pages of argument . The point when I felt the characters should have argued , they did n't , causing plenty of problems and ultimately forcing them from their safe haven.The initial few chapters , in which everyone died , had me on edge . They were that awesome . The shell shocked survivors that came after that , well , let 's just say that their elevators no longer went to the top floor.The zombies , oh the zombies . There was n't even really a zombie until a good quarter of the way through the book . Even after the dead started shambling , they only shambled aimlessly , not reaching their full zombie potential until well into the novel . Scenes involving them varied from nail biting to dull.I 'm torn as to if I 'm going to attempt to continue the series . I 'm hoping that the author learned from his faults and improved , because what was exciting was very much so . It was just padded with a whole lot of unnecessary fluff .
 I have to say , man , I agree with the `` Boring '' guy ! Not to mention the fact that the writing style is very simplistic.I had to put it down when confronted with something along the lines of '' after fighting for survival virtually every moment since the disaster had begun , a slice of good luck finally came the way of Emma , Michael and Carl '' What 's wrong with this , you say ? Well , at this point in the story the only fight for survival these three charecters have faced is driving around in a van . Nothing at this point has threatened them , heck they have n't even run out of gas . This is half-way through the book , mind you.As a stand alone story , if you have never read any zombie fiction ... it still kinda sucks . If you have read basically anything else , say Brian Keene 's `` The Rising '' , for example , or Robert Kirkman 's `` The Walking Dead '' comics then I have a hard time thinking you will like this light weight attempt that reads like it was written by a freshman in high school -LRB- albeit a freshman that probably made a fair amount of coin off of the ignorant masses . Someone said this is being made into a movie ? Man , I 'm in the wrong line of work ! -RRB- One bit of respect for the author - this first book in the series is available as a PDF on his website so at least you do n't have to pay for it . If you do like it then buy the rest of them because it is a pretty cool concept .
 I did n't care for this one very much . The zombies were n't very scary and the whole thing just kind of fell into a rut .
 I was quite disappointed after reading Autumn . Maybe it was the large anticipation I had incorporated when purchasing the book , thinking that post-apocalyptic scenarios were `` my kind of thing '' -LRB- and they still are -RRB- . However , Moody 's book was very poorly written . Not only did I encounter numerous grammatical mistakes , but there was absolutely no connection with the characters . It was almost like , `` here are the characters , now you must try and relate to them and follow through with their overly obvious situations . '' I felt no sympathy with Carl 's death , or any other middle school - written events that occurred . Overall , this was a terrible book in the sense that there was no captivation whatsoever . Although the abysmal stance of Autumn , Moody is an amateur , and will hopefully progress in later writings .
 I am mad at myself for wasting ten bucks on this book ! The plot was slower than a turtle swimming in a pool full of yogurt . The characters were boring and I never felt any connection to any of them . The zombies were equally as boring . I grew weary of the snarky way the characters were in the beginning , when they were all still in the one depressing building together . I expected things to pick up after Emma , Mike and Carl struck out on their own but that did n't happen either.One of the best series I 've read -LRB- zombie themed -RRB- was the `` As the World Dies '' trilogy by RhiannonFrater . Those books were fast paced , full of action and intrigue and the characters were interesting . Plus it also made you think about how mankind really WOULD react if some similar apocalypse occurred . I CARED about the characters in that story and immediately downloaded the second and third books in this series after reading the first . I WO N'T be doing that with the `` Autumn '' series .
 I felt like I was reading the outline for the book and not the actual end result . Like if the author of the Dick and Jane series wrote a zombie story this is what it would be like . I kept on though despite the many , many frustrating and confusing misprints , typos and grammatical errors because I am in desperate need of zombie reading material . It was slow and annoying because the characters in the book seemed to all be like minded in the sense that there were always ONLY two options and never any more , and the zombies do n't cause any threat at all until like the last 3 chapters and even then the threat is minimal.Why read a zombie novel only to have the story based on the emotions of the characters and their incredibly uncreative brains and not the trails and thrills of survival in a dooms day like setting ? I mean that 's what draws me to zombie fiction in the first place ... I assume I am not alone in this.All in all I was very disappointed with the story and hope for more books to come out like Justin Cronin 's The Passage and the Max Brooks novel World War Z. Also if anyone happening to read this knows of more books similar to the ones I just put out there please do me a favor and comment on this review with the info as I am always interested in quality zombie reading material ! : -RRB-
 This book is written for married couples with children considering a move -- particularly those who are relocating for employment reasons . Every chapter addresses ` his ' needs and ` her ' needs , making decisions as a couple , moving , adjusting , etc. . There is a small amount of information for people making moves related to retirement . But if you are single or a single parent and moving -LRB- including the 51 % of women in this country who are unmarried -RRB- , this book will not address your needs or concerns.For those looking for a ` guide through the emotional maze of relocation , ' this focuses only on the negative emotions that may arise with relocating . I expected that the 'em otional maze ' would provide a more even-handed discussion of all of the emotions surrounding relocating , positive as well as negative , benefits to be gained as well as the emotional costs of moving . But this focuses on the stress , anxiety and loss related to moving and misses the opportunity to explore the excitement , discovery , and rewards that can also accompany a move . Disappointing overall .
 I am very disappointed with this book . Seems like a thesis he may have written when finishing grad school , something you would write in the 1970 's . Should have been titled Men Ca n't Change . Filled with typo errors . To imagine I would have stopped reading in the first Chapter , but thought I should continue since I had been planning on taking a course in which this book is a requirement . Now I am wondering if this book is being used for this class , because he is the teacher . I am seriously considering no longer taking this class , since if this is the book they are using , I would n't feel I would be getting a college level education , but rather a highschool level education . Repetitive on the fact that men ca n't change and that society made them this way , and when men interpret women nagging , they go off and cheat on their wives . I find this to be an insult to women , and not a way of changing behavior . A repetitious and not well written book I was expecting for a college class -- but perhaps useful to someone who has absolutely ` no clue ' to understanding themselves , or the men who ca n't communicate.This is one of those books I would have loved to return and would have never bought at the store . Worse yet most of his book references date back from the 1900 's to the 1960 's some 70 's and 80 's few 90 's . If you also include the fact that he uses two pages for a chapter title and two pages for a quote ; with 17 chapters you 'll have to deduct 68 pages from the actual number of pages of the book!Although I can not deny that in the midst of it all , there is a very thin silver lining , on the need for change , by women of course , because he wo n't change ... The book I 'd recommend instead is Deborahh Tannen 's `` You Just Do n't Understand ; Women and Men in Conversation '' an excellent book .
 Let me begin by stating that I 've read only the first volume of this set from cover to cover , having just sampled the others . My review is therefore a bit limited in its scope , particularly since the last volumes were written not by Philip Schaff but by his son , who may have imposed his own style and tone.Overall I liked the first volume , but as a history of the church it has too many weaknesses to earn a high rating . First of all , Schaff was too much of a Christian to write dispassionately . The book often lapses into what is closer to apologetics than to history , and at times you can almost see him holding his nose when he has to write about -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- pagans . Even more objectionable in my opinion is the presence of numerous passages such as the following : `` As religion is the deepest and holiest concern of man , the entrance of the Christian religion into history is the most momentous of all events . -LSB- ... -RSB- Jesus Christ , the God-Man , the prophet , priest , and king of mankind , is , in fact , the centre and turning-point not only of chronology , but of all history , and the key to all its mysteries . Around him , as the sun of the moral universe , revolve at their several distances , all nations and all important events , in the religious life of the world ; and all must , directly or indirectly , consciously or unconsciously , contribute to glorify his name and advance his cause . '' -LRB- pp. 56-57 -RRB- This is a panegyric on the Christian religion , not history . And yet Schaff tells us that `` The historian must first lay aside all prejudice and party zeal ... '' -LRB- p. 25 -RRB- Another drawback of this work is its age
 I downloaded the free sample -- there were NO illustrations ! The text was not long & boring as other reviewers have said ; Is the sample a bad representation ?
 Waite 's The Pictorial Key to the Tarot is n't very well written . The descriptions of each card are confusing and vague . Some of the descriptions even contradict each other . Waite rarely touches on the symbolism in each card.The divinatory meanings behind the Major Arcana are non existent!The introduction reads like a boring history lesson and Waite 's explanations of each minor arcana card comes off rather pompous . I 've also noticed that in some of his descriptions when he references to other cards he refers to them by the wrong number.I really did n't enjoy reading this book . And after I finished reading it , I still felt like I did n't know anything about tarot cards.If you 're looking for a well written , concise but descriptive book to help you learn about tarot cards I would definitely suggest Eden Gray 's -LSB- -LSB- ASIN :0553277529 The Complete Guide to the Tarot -RSB- . It 's enjoyable to read and well written . You learn more of the basics behind tarot , such as the zodiac signs and elements represented in the cards and the symbolism in each card , and it really helps you understand the meaning of each card . Not to mention , Gray 's book will save you almost $ 5 !
 The title is completely misleading , the `` look at whats inside '' stopped before any graphics were displayed and for good reason , there are none.don ' t waste you $ 2.00
 I do not have this edition . I got from another publisher . Anyway , I will comment on the content . Really fragmented information . Gives only description of cards . The meaning is still very very vague . Any other tarot book will excel this .
 THE PICTORIAL KEY TO THE TAROT
 Stamatis has written the most comprehensive reference available on FMEA . However , much of the information in the book is repeated multiple times . The book does not contain much theory on FMEA and does not include the history of FMEA.This book does not serve as a good introduction to FMEA -- Stamatis seems to assume that the reader already has a solid understanding of FMEA . If you want a helpful introduction to FMEA , I suggest you buy The Basics of FMEA by McDermott , Mikulak , and Beauregard.The book consists of 13 chapters . The first chapter covers the legal approach to liability . Chapter 2 provides a general overview of FMEA . Chapter 3 is a glossary of terms . Chapter 4 talks about how teams use FMEA . Stamatis asserts that there are four types of FMEA
 While the material discussed is ok , I found it hard to justify the cost of the book . There seemed to be much redundancy in the book as well . It would have been wonderful if the author had finished what he wanted to say in half as many pages . As a seminar leader , instructor , and practitioner , I find it hard to recommend
 In this book , Davy does something bad and has to make amends for it before his mother gives him a loving hug.As a mother trying to teach love and forgiveness to my young son , I was horrified at the moral of withholding love from a child to `` teach '' a lesson . The book is off our reading list and in the trash can .
 Dialogue is a bit choppy , just not that interesting , accurate , or inspiring .
 I borrowed this book in hard-copy form from a friend . The regular book is great . It is written in an easily digestible manner while still covering the material in surprising depth . I found the use of figures and illustrations to summarize concepts particularly well executed . I was incredibly disappointed by the Kindle version I bought for use on my Kindle DX . The text looked like it had been scanned from a copy of a copy made on an old xerox machine . Parts of the letters in the text were missing and the general appearance of the text was blurry . The figures did not line up with the text well , and their quality was not good . I want to make a switch to buying textbooks on the kindle . But if the other book conversions are as poorly executed as this one , then I will stick to buying used hard copies . I would rate the hard copy as a 4 or 5 star book , but I have to give the kindle version a 2 for the lackluster conversion .
 As advised in another review , after `` Kildar '' , there `` action '' moves further and further away - with each succeeding book - away from The Valley -LRB- Kildar 's personal little feudal kingdom -RRB- . Rather than `` re-invent the wheel '' , would simply point readers to my other -LRB- 1-star -RRB- my reviews in this series of trash -LRB- and poor writing at that ! -RRB- JR was so much better when involved in co-authoring books with well renown top level Sci-Fi authors . Upon striking out on his own , he has simply been terrible -LRB- and does n't seem to be drawing too many well renown top level Sci-Fi authors `` knocking his door down '' to do futuer co-authored books together ... not since the Kildar series ! -RRB-
 I 've read that John Ringo basically wrote the books in this series over the course of a few months of frantic writing . I have not read the others , but this was a gritty description of commando style spy antics combined with almost BDSM sexual scenes.The military scenes and descriptions are solid . However , they could n't carry the story and the overall plot just felt a bit thin . The sexual scenes felt almost forced at time and did not expand much upon the plot . I could see a male reader wishing he was the main character with his almost mystical ability to pleasure a woman and win her adoration , but in a way the scenes detracted from the characters and their impact.Perhaps I should have read books 1 and 2 first so I could get more into the story , but I was able to figure out the basic personalities of most of hte characters , even if I did not know how they became friends and allies.This is definitely a book that will only be enjoyed by a select audience . The sexual scenes will be considered offensive by some , but as always John Ringo 's personal politics bleed into the politics of his writing . As a writer he has a great talent , but his works can end up seeming a bit juvenile due to his style and politics . This one fell into the juvenile category . I do not recommend this book to anyone . There are other better books out there .
 Have read all the books published to date . Loved the plots and story lines . Finally through them all out -LRB- Yep , tossed one paperback and two hardcopy -RRB- as I realized as I was re-reading them , that the somewhat graphic sex -LRB- Dominance and Submission , and Harem Girls , etc -RRB- did n't really add to the story but sure promoted things I just do n't like . The March Upcountry series with David Weber had boys and girls , and talked about sex , but was what I consider more normal for SciFi , and was not graphic , did not promote `` alternative '' sex . So while I enjoy the James Bond nature of the novels , I really ca n't recommend them to any of my friends , and would n't recommend them to anyone younger .
 It 's true that there are many different motifs in the book but the drawings are very approximate , without even respecting the symmetry and the geometry of the objects .
 This book is 14 years old , but low-cost used copies are still available so it 's tempting . I like to be fair and describe a book 's assets -LRB- if any -RRB- as well as shortcomings -LRB- if any -RRB- , but in this case there are very few of the former and an abundance of the latter . The author only had five years experience teaching privately and in language schools when the book was published , so there is no information about the current , widespread use of foreign `` conversation '' teachers in state schools , and very little about how to find work as a university instructor . More disappointingly , this book bows to the teacher-training business by repeating the myth that short certificate courses are precious if not indispensable in finding work in Italy.Among the inaccurate claims made is that finding work without a certificate is no longer -LRB- in 1994 -RRB- , easy because most schools have `` wised up '' to the virtue of short certificates . The author admits that it 's possible to find work without a certificate , but such teachers `` will probably be barred access to the established , reputable schools and better-paid company jobs . '' -LRB- p. 3 -RRB- The book 's real message soon becomes evident as he describes the teacher-training courses sold by International House -LRB- the book 's sponsor -RRB- . Four-week courses cost about US$ 1,000 -LRB- 1994 dollars -RRB- , and provide teachers with `` a good grounding ... in English teaching . '' A gross inaccuracy is the claim
 This is a map that could be certainly judged by its cover . Of all the incredibly beautiful images that could characterize northern Mexico , International Travel Maps bafflingly chose an out of focus , poorly composed and conceived photo that could have been taken almost anywhere . This is a photo that prominently features a propane tank , a bag of fruit and a baseball cap.Unfortunately , the information that this map provides is also lacking much of the detail most travelers will want on a basic trip to the region . For Baja California , which I know very well , many of the place names are out of date and many of the most important geographic features are inaccurately placed or even non-existent . I give it a star for the fact that it is the best thing going for the mainland traveler without spending a lot of money . There are many excellent maps for Baja California , such as The Baja Almanac and even the AAA Baja map and guide . For mainland northern Mexico , the adventurous traveler should seek something more detailed than this Mexico North Map by ITMB .
 I could n't warm up to the character of Tempe Brennan . Something false about her . There were too many coincidences to make the plot plausible . Connecting the murders she stumbled upon in North Carolina to the murders in Quebec was enough of a stretch , but then throwing her sister into the thick of things was one coincidence too many . The detailed forensics were interesting to an extent , but not interesting enough to make up for the story problems .
 Multiple baby mutilations ruined this book for me . If you 're a fan of forensics and do n't mind the innocent being victim of psychos , go for it . I was intrigued by the plot , yes , and how she could get it to all hang together , but there were too many cliches
 How many graphically described violently mutilated corpses do they think it takes to sell a book ? Having rather enjoyed Deja Dead -LRB- the genre of lady pathologists seems to be the flavour of the month -RRB- , I just could n't finish Death du Jour . I found it a rehash of the other with more blood and gore added and even some sex - wowee ! It made me long for a good old romantic historical novel - where have they gone ?
 The author never addressed what went on -LRB- if anything -RRB- between Ryan and the sister . I have mixed feelings about Ryan and would have appreciated some clarification.Tempe ... she thinks she omnipotent ; she barges in to situations with no regard for her safety or the other people she drags in with her.There is too much unwanted detail -LRB- clothes , food , geography etc. -RRB- and detracted from the story . I found the ending very boring.I do like Kathy Reichs . I 've read a good number of the books in this series and really like some and others -LRB- like this one -RRB- not at all ??
 I totally agreed with the review of `` Summer Bore ! '' and I really almost could n't finish the book . I think that she had a lot of knowledge and did a lot of research to write this book , but the plot is really slow . There are too much coincidents and some plots just do n't connect . What makes it even worse is that the auther tried to connect what seemed so far-fetched plots . After we learned about some cult culture and main characters , the author had to use one sentence as a whole paragraph to explain how the story fitted into her research . At the end of the book , we just got all the expaination of the whole plots and how every character fits in the whole story . I hated this kind of spoon-fed story . I also do n't care much about Dr. Tempe Brenna . Too bad for me . I had spent a lot of hours , after putting my two toddlers to sleep , to read a very disappointed book.No comparison to Patricia Cornwell 's books .
 When I purchased this book , I had completely forgotten that I had read `` Deja Dead '' two years before . It took 3 weeks to plough through this slow moving novel and I was tempted several times to just put it away . Her knowledge of forensics is commendable -LRB- she is an expert after all -RRB- , but her knowledge of how to utilize plot and character needs much improvement . Needless to say , that is an art form of its own .
 As others have pointed out , this story is mostly a succession of hair-risingly unbelievable coincidences.Let me add that it includes a rather unappetizing make-out scene - God knows why ! I have absolutely nothing against a female lead having a love interest , but it seems quite obvious that the author is not only inexperienced but also uncomfortable when it comes to writing love scenes . Oh well ... Romance sells , I suppose , even if it 's poorly written . The only good thing about the clumsy description is that we are spared the `` insert tab A in slot B '' part.The only plausible - and hence best - part of the story was the plotline about the old bones in the church , and that took up maybe 50 pages of the book .
 Gore yes , lots of information about autopsies and assorted other matters , rather too-clearly-fictitious characters ... It all adds up to a rather flat , dispiriting formula effort . If you just HAVE to know who 's responsible every time you read of a fictitious killing , then you 'll get through this , otherwise it becomes rather a drag .
 The info on this audio book , Death du Jour -LRB- received from bordeebook -RRB- , did n't indicate that it is abridged . I did n't like it much , partly due to her poor use of similes , partly because I got tired of the plot development . I did n't listen to the last 45 minutes .
 Toward the end of this novel , the lead character , Reichs ' usual heroine Tempe Brennan , remarks on the `` remarkable coincidence '' of one of the plot points . By this point in the book , this is like pointing out to a rabid dog that it 's got some spittle on its chin . This book relies on coincidence so fundamentally that if it were removed , it would fall into 3 or 4 different books with little or nothing to do with one another.Reichs is not a bad writer , and for someone who so clearly comes from a forensic background , is passably adept at character , plot and scene setting . She knows how to build suspense and intrigue , and never lets the technicalities of her lead character 's profession -- a forensic anthropologist -- or the intricacies of her work , undermine the story.This book centres on Brennan 's investigation of a religious cult that perpetrates a set of murders . There are lots of interesting points about how cults work , ritual murder and even large group awareness programs get in on the action . And , of course , several forensic investigations where we are treated to the processes of digging up bones , collecting maggots and bugs , and examining various grim bits of the human body.What undermines this book is that the first half is at least three different , unrelated stories ; and the second is such a clumsy and outrageous merging of them into one , that one drifts from disinterest to incredulity . The jacket cover says this book is about the excavation of a 19th century nun 's bones , and the mysteries therewith . In fact , this is just story number 1 , which is of only tangential importance to the ultimate , main storyline.It is not obvious , even in terms of the world of Death du Jour , why Reichs needed all this intermingling . It feels like she started writing a travel journal , then stuck a murder into each of her ports of call , then simply declared that they all belong to the same overarching plot . In this context , each individual story feels derivative , and the grand plot feels like a desperate trick.A well-written and , at times , interesting book , which is ultimately unsatisfying and preposterous .
 Oh dear . Another person steeped in his art/job/hobby writes a book so as to be able to brain-dump his hard-earned skill in the guise of literature on the hapless reader.This is a very poor novel . It is peppered with irritating coincidences and has long turgid passages that require teeth-gritting determination to wade through.In my opinion the heroine is unlikable and her angst fabricated in an attempt to give her some depth ... a device which to my mind fails . This is an attempt to out Cornwell Cornwell . Trouble is that Cornwell got there first and in the process exhausted the genre so that most people I know who were fans are now equally fed-up with her output.Perhaps it is a little unfair to denigrate Reichs because Cornwell 's mother-lode is exhausted but even so , Reichs just do n't cut it for me .
 There is a rule of thumb that no novel should have more than one significant coincidence , and it 's a shame Kathy Reichs never heard of that principle . In this novel , the protagonist just happens to be personally affected by seemingly unrelated events in South Carolina , North Carolina , Texas , and Quebec , and it just so happens that each of these subplots tie in to each other culminating in the grand climax . After the first couple chapters , it was painfully obvious how the author had structured the plot . In any mystery where the protagonist is not a law enforcement officer , there is dilemma in plot construction of how the protagonist gets his or her information . It is at this point that Reichs has dropped the ball
 Kathy Reichs uses too much narrative for my taste . The main character , Tempe Brennan , is not particularly likeable and it is not clear why she chooses to do some of the things she does . For instance , what was the point of the `` mugging '' ? Why did n't she at least tell Ryan about it ? Maybe I would understand had I finished the book . I feel betrayed by her weaving me into her life and then killing her cat . I am not an activist but I do n't understand a writer who feels he/she needs to kill an animal for what ? Shock effect ? I understood the reason for the other deaths - even the babies - which were remote and had some purpose to the plot . But to make the reader feel warmth and love for Birdie , through her writing in both books , and then kill him ? I did n't feel it worth my time to finish the book . Nor will I read another of hers .
 In book two of the Kathy Reichs series involving Temperance Brennan , Tempe finds herself with dead bodies on two continents . Upon examination , she begins to find unusual similarities that link these deaths . But how can the victims be so far apart and yet somehow be related ? What evil force is at work here and who can stop it ? And how is a nun 's missing niece tied to the destruction ? To top it all off , her eccentric sister from Texas has gone missing in Canada in her quest to `` find herself . '' Tempe must deal with whether some evil has touched her sister or whether this is just another installment of her sister 's flaky personality.The murders in this book follow Tempe from Montreal to the Carolinas in too far fetched a pattern . Wherever this woman travels , bodies pop up that no one but her can possibly deal with . As an anthropologist it is logical that she would find herself dealing with skeletal remains , but it is completely unbelievable to find that as she travels between her two homes that the bodies keep piling up and no one else is available to conduct the investigation.Again Tempe is a heroine that is difficult to like . When asked to assist with the deaths she whines internally about how she had other plans and really does n't want to be bothered . When she finally relents , she has trouble associating the clues that she sees . There are terrible lines illustrating this such as `` that kindled something ... in my memory cells , but when I tried to bring it up the spark went out . '' Another
 This book was boring and poorly written . The plot was weak and obvious , but worse than that , the writing was simplistic and choppy - very hard to read . I always finish books that I start and this one I almost put down . I only finished it , by skimming because the reading was so choppy , because I had already bought it and could n't return it . No character development , no characterization of the characters at all , and the dialogue is flat and boring and only serves to advance plot . Descriptions do n't describe-they tell in short sentances , or they lecture . I 'm a scientist and I found this book boring and annoying!This is my second Reichs novel . The other was better , but I wo n't be coming back . Save your money and your time !
 Damn , I purchased the series but ca n't seem to get into them . Boring character and I was so prepared to love her .
 I was riveted to this book and really picking up speed until I reached about dead center of the book . Then POW ! Ms. Reichs throws ridiculous , implausable coincidences to salvage her complex plot . I was really in there with her until her ridiculous plot links . This a mystery that detectives must dream of . I call it the `` follow the dots '' scheme that result in a staight line honing in on a places the heroine just happens to be even if they are literally a thousand miles apart . Thus I hurled the book into the air , it fell to earth I care not where !
 I really enjoyed Deja Dead . Death Du Jour however seemed to be forced , frenetic , and padded . I felt there were a hundred pages in the middle that were rather experimental in style . Does the author gain some personal redemption discussing for a page why she did not spend the evening with her x-husband . Do we need all of the cliched discussion of the south and draped Spanish moss ending in probably one of the worst sentences to be published this year
 I really enjoyed Deja Dead , Kathy Reich 's first novel , and thought it was better than anything Patricia Cornwell had done in a while . But in this book , the plotting is just lazy . Brennan finds bodies related to her case while on an outing , the cases just happen to have ties near each of her homes -- Montreal and Charlotte , NC , someone from one case asks her help in finding someone and THEY also are part of her other case ... and I thought it was bad when in the Robert Tannenbaum books , Butch and Marlene 's cases are tied together coincidentally ! At least they are only dealing with Manhattan , not half the Northern Hemisphere ! This is like the Hardy Boys finding out they are really working on their dad 's case , but at least Bayport is a small town.Especially irritating is the way information is withheld from the reader , while every chapter ends with Brennan 's jaw dropping , her shivering in horror , or giving us foreboding that something bad is about to happen . Really ? I think we expect that in a THRILLER!Also , the parallels with Cornwell are too much to ignore . Scarpetta 's niece is an FBI trainee , Brennan 's daughter wants to be a profiler -LRB- just how many of those ARE there , anyway ? -RRB- . Both have hot and cold relationships with cops . Maybe this was rushed because of the debut 's success .
 Has some merit - but only in the serious bits that analyse bodies and chemicals etc. . The rest is a lot of old tosh.Why do American writers have to fill their books with inane and pointless descriptions of the dinners they are cooking and eating ; or the wonderful coffees they are drinking ? Here are just two examples from this little book : Chapter 12
 I have not read any of the authors other titles but I decided to try this from the good reviews . I felt that it lacked pace until the last quarter of the book and found myself skimming through pages just to find something of relevance to the plot . The technical detail was informative but did n't really add to the story . I could n't wait to finish it and start something else . Really quite dull in my opinion .
 I recently reviewed Kathy Reichs ' first book and thought it was bad , very bad actually . But because Kay Scarpetta 's new one was n't out yet , I read this one . Again we see our heroine Tempest going through a load of cases , connecting them and saving them . Cool . What Mrs. Reich did better this time
 I have not received my order yet so I can not review the book ; however all the Kathy Reich books I have read so far have been enjoyable reads .
 Readable and missing no pages ? Wow ! I was in the book business a long time and this paperback I received was not in `` good condition : '' it was dog-eared , had water damage and cover damage . Good thing it was only a paperback and quite cheap . Paperbacks were essentially intended to be like the newspaper , read and discarded . This one , perhaps not discard in this day and age , but definitely not resold . Like I said , good thing a paperback and my `` Author Du Jour , '' because otherwise I would have been p ***** . However , it did arrive in record time
 After the baby mulilations I could n't read any more . I am still haunted by the images from that , as the mother of three young sons it was too disturbing for me . Definitely will not purchase any more books from this author . I could n't donate this one to our libary 's book sale fast enough !
 Too much swearing ! Books do not need all that to make a good story , it is very distracting
 Let me preface my review by stating that this is my first Kathy Reichs book . It will most likely be my last . I felt as though I was reading a CSI book written by Tom Clancy - way too technical . However , that may be the audience for which she is writing.The first 2/3rds of the book was dull , slow , boring and disconnected . As Ms. Reichs builds to the climatic end , I felt as though it suddenly jumped to 120 mph which did not lend itself the ability for the reader to get a mind picture of what was happening.If you like technical writings -LRB- sometimes even in foreign languages -RRB- , this is the book for you . If you are looking for an entertaining mystery to read , I would suggest you look else where .
 For the first 25 pages I was enthralled by the writing and the forensics . Then the coincidences piled up
 Too bad on this one . Too many coincidences occur in this book to make me think the author didnt ' know what to do with this story line . What happen to the story of the saint ? That sure was more interesting than these cult people . How convienient that the woman helping her with the research on the saint also was in the cult . When did her brother show up in this ? Should have brought in the romance more , I doubt I will read the latest effort .
 To the avid reader , there are few things more disappointing than a good tale poorly told . Regrettably , this is precisely what we have in _ Death du Jour _
 Having greatly enjoyed `` Deja Dead , '' I really looked to Death Du Jour . Unfortunately it is a complete disappointment . I found the story overy contrived and coincidental . The characters were wooden . Frankly , the whole thing seemed like a bad movie where no one had the courage to ask `` why , this story . '' In summary , do n't bother with this lousy novel .
 I do n't know if this book preceded the other Jamie Oliver book , `` Naked Chef Takes Off , '' but it 's the SAME BOOK.I bought this for my wife , thinking I 'd found a J.O. book she did n't already own . It 's the same , identical book ! I suppose it 's just the British market title , but do n't make the mistake if you 're thinking it 's a different book.AMAZON STAFF
 I 've read quite a few books on astrophysics , cosmology , etc. , and this is one of the most poorly written books I 've come across . It 's too bad , because the writer is trying to be current and thorough . But he does n't know how to write clearly , his grammar is terrible , he skips steps in his explanations , jumps all over the place , and leaves you wondering `` what in the heck is this guy trying to say ?? '' . Not recommended .
 I have never entered a review before , but this book was so bad I had to stop you from wasting your time . I tried to enter a 0 rating but I guess 1star is as low as you can go . The reviews were mixed , but I bought this book anyway because I run a call center and I thought perhaps that would make it more interesting for me . Total waste of time , ca n't believe that the type A in me would n't just let me quit half way through . I kept thinking the `` real '' storyline was yet to be introduced , or maybe some interesting plot twist was coming . Boring characters , unrealistic scenarios . I will never read another book by this author .
 this book is so implausible that the cost of reading it is you lose part of your life you 'll never get back . do n't do it .
 I think this is my first written review for Amazon . I want to save others from wasting time reading this drivel ! The writing is terrible , the plot is contrived , and the story is full of stereotypes . Recommend avoiding !
 I thought this was written by an inexperienced mystery writer . Not suspenseful or even very special in writing style . Very humdrum .
 I could n't get through this . It was so dull . main character was really uninteresting . seemed to be creepily interested in high school girls . could n't figure out the purpose of the unspecified Hotline ... I 've put down probably 5 books in my life - I read everything . but this - just could n't hold me .
 Okay ... you have Tony - a twenty-something dude w / dead end job , loser roommate , and no girlfriend . We never learn exactly WHY he decides to do community service work , but ... he is on a Hotline team . The hotline is peopled by hot teen age girls in skimpy attire and a couple of oddball older guys like Tony.None of the characters or the plot twists are believable at all and of course it ends with Tony still lusting after the seventeen year old and waiting for her to `` be of age '' . Hopefully she too will get murdered before she has to sleep with this loser in a sequel .
 This book initially seemed like it would be a great read . It promised black lesbian characters/story set in a different time -LRB- the late-50s / early 1960s ... I 'm not sure why the previous reviewer said early 1900s/1920s Harlem Renaissance -RRB- . In actuality any lesbian content could be compiled into about 2-3 pages out of the entire book -LRB- which was a disappointment for me -RRB- . Further none of the characters , including the main character Sunshine/Kali , were likable . The author did not make me feel for any of them , except perhaps briefly at the very end.To the author 's credit it was well written , though the multiple storylines that did not come together until the end got annoying .
 This book is not `` Color Purple '' or `` Harlem Nights ''
 This was the last and easily the weakest of the books in the `` Foundation '' series that eventually included the `` Robot '' and `` Empire '' books as well . While I am a great admirer of Asimov 's work and contributions to the genre , I was left wanting with this chapter.The book picks up where `` Foundation 's Edge '' -LRB- one of the best books in the series -RRB- left off . One man had just decided all of humanity spanning every inhabited world in the galaxy -LRB- and there are several million at this point -RRB- should follow one course of evolution and wonders why he made that choice . He decides that he can only find his answer if he finds the mythical `` Earth , '' the planet where humanity supposedly originated.This is a shaky premise at best . Along the way we discover what happened to various `` Spacer '' worlds form the earlier books `` The Caves of Steel '' and the like . The few interesting moments take place on one such world call ! ed `` Solaria '' where the population is kept under draconian control and robots serve the needs of the inhabitants . `` Foundation and Earth '' feels like a cheap tour of landmarks where you learn nothing more than you have wasted your time . There are some moments that shine as pure Asimov , but not many . This book was not worthy to close such a groundbreaking and entertaining series as thi
 -LRB- Spoiler Alert -RRB- Somewhere buried in Foundation and Earth is a good story , that never quite made it onto the pages . Easily the most annoying aspect , is Trevize and Bliss 's constant , tiresome arguments . Now I actually like a good argument myself , but Trevize and Bliss 's arguing wears thin real fast . After their 10th argument or so , I wanted to ask them , `` So , how long have you two been married ? '' . And the way Bliss keep 's disrupting things and even threatens Trevize at one point , I would have put her off on the nearest planet in a heartbeat , with or without a breathable atmosphere.Anyhow , aspects of story are poorly developed and resolved . Like the Minister who lets them -LRB- and there high-tech ship -RRB- go , due to , get ready for it , a bad case of superstition . Bliss and Trevize argue some more.Or the Verbose Solarian that informs they he going to have to kill them , rather than simply do it . Not very genre savvy in the future I guess . Then the equally verbose and indecisive ` guardian ' robots engage in all sorts of word play rather than simply arrest or incapacitate our heros . This chapter isnt helped by Bliss taking the time out to try to ` save ' the robots , rather than simply disable them . If you have read the story this far , you ; ll find her actions all the more irritating for it . Bliss and Trevize argue some more.On the dead planet , Trevize , noticing the danger the moss presents , orders Bliss to not open the airlock until he says so . Bliss , being petulant and overbearing as she -LRB- usually -RRB- is , demands there will be an explanation later . You can tell she wants one right this second , but Really ? If shes given an order by the captain , you dont stop and stamp your feet and demand to know * why * , unless you Bliss then everything has to be a big discussion . The moss could have easily killed everyone on the ship , or even infected other worlds , but Bliss can not grasp the concept of ` do ' and do n't argue , lives are a stake . After this , Bliss and Trevize argue some more.I also found myself wondering how on an airless world , that the reader was functional after all that time , AND somehow Pel was able to hear was it was saying . Or that Trez ; s neuronic whips power cell would even be compatible with it in the first place.I liked the chapter about Alpha Centauri the best , but even there , the galaxy wants to kill our heroes , but someone just cant help keep there mouth 's shut , and once again our heroes escape by the skin of their teeth , or something . What 's interesting about this part , is the rationale given is the people of AC just want to be left alone in peace . Trevize himself confirms that rationale by suggesting the Foundation would be quite interested in acquiring the biotech and weather control techniques of the Alphans . He of course , never stops to consider if that was what those people wanted . After escaping from Alpha Centauri , Bliss and Trevize argue some more.Finding Earth itself was something of an anti-climax . Little or no description is given and for all the book was about finding Earth , Asimov barely gives us a paragraph about the home world itself . It was good to see Daneel again after all this time , 20k years , but he is n't given much page time , despite this being easily the best part of the story . Asimov then introduces us to the idea questionable notion that Fallom is the alien enemy within all along . While I generally share Trev 's assessment of Solaria , and its people , I found the books conclusion on that note a bit a reach , for all that had occured to get us there . Another head scratcher , given how awesome the Far Stars computer system is , dont they have bio-metrics in the future ? After all , since the ship was configured for him to pilot , you would think it would be able to tell Fallom was NOT an authorized user and simply ignore his efforts to control it . The ships computer seems to be even less secure than a Micro-soft OS . Maybe they were prime contractors for the ships software system ? After finding Earth Bliss wanders off to explore the grounds in the moon-base , thus mercifully saving the reader from hearing anymore of her opinions.Contrived in parts , and too much filler bickering . I can see why Trevize does not like Bliss , even though he claims otherwise . I found myself dis-liking her and her preachy overbearing superiority hard to take as well . A good story , but dragged down by too much exposition , irritating and non-sympathetic characters , and a few too many contrivances \ deus-ex-machinas events to make it a really satisfying read .
 Title
 Sorry , guys - bad news here.I am supposed to be an Asimov fan . Having read a lion 's share of his most famous works I expected to see an inspirational ending to Foundation Series.However , I must admit that all four of his books written as supplement to original trilogy -LRB- that is two prequels and two sequels , including the one reviewed -RRB- pale sharply . Where ` The Foundation 's Edge ' could at least keep you on the edge of your seat -LRB- if not for disappointing ending -RRB- , ` Foundation and Earth ' is just a boring experience worth reading only if you are completely dedicated to finish the entire series and have lots of time to waste.Asimov gave a fair warning to its readers in the foreword by mentioning the challenges set by the publishers . Apparently , some people still judge books by its sheer size , not by the idea . Unfortunately , those ` some ' included late Asimov himself.The book introduces not a single fresh idea , recycling his entire repertoire plus possessing some from classical SF found -LRB- see Solaria and Alpha chapters and compare them to some of the stories by Arthur Clark -RRB- . To cup it all , almost half of the book is spent in seemingly endless repetitious debates between Trevise and Bliss -LRB- two main characters -RRB- around the Galactica future . I could almost forgive all that , yet another bad ending ruined it completely . Asimov managed in a matter of three pages to throw away his entire Foundation legacy and all good that was with it . We saw a hint of it in Foundation 's Edge , but not to that extreme ! The only explanation I can imagine in sudden introduction of Alien Worlds , is that publishers wanted to squeeze another two to three books out of poor man , and Asimov had nothing to do but to give in to their greed.If you did not read his classical works like short stories collection , the Foundation Trilogy , The Robot Trilogy , or End of Eternity - go ahead and read it right away . For the rest of us - move on to other writers . There are many grand masters of SF that are as good as Asimov -LRB- just to mention few in no particular order
 Really , this concluding novel of the Foundation series seems to belittle the original books in the series by trying to tie the Robot Universe with the Foundation.The writing is excellent , and the book is really quite interesting when taken as a stand-alone work ... but it was n't the grand end to the `` Foundation '' series that I had been hoping for .
 Foundation and Earth is a dissappointing conclusion to perhaps the best science fiction series of all time.This book starts where Foundation 's Edge leaves off . However , it does not contain either the First or Second Foundation , but concentrates on a trip by Trevise.Unfortunately , the stops on the trip are uninspired - unless you find conflicts with feral dogs and moss as interested as the tales of Hardin or Mallow . In fact , it 's a bore ... The only think worth reading is the last two chapters ... I 'd recommend doing at a library or bookstore if you must , rather than wasting your time with this title . However , I would have rather stopped reading at Foundation 's End , because Asimov more or less reveals that both Foundations are completely meaningless.I would have given it 1 star , but it does tie in the Robot Series ... but even this is done in a less interesting way than I would have imagined.Very disappointing - I would n't be surprised if the editors keep this one out of print .
 The first three books held my interest the whole way through . Intelligent writing and an exciting story . Foundations Edge was okay . Foundation and Earth , however , was preposterous . I 'm afraid to say a LONG , boring story with a rediculous ending . He did n't really want to write these two books and it shows .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the Foundation Series and many novels in the accompanying Robot saga . But the sequels to the series do not - or can not - measure up to the original . Maybe the story has been done and it is increasingly difficult to introduce new material.For the Series itself , the Mule and the location of the Second Foundation were welcome diversions . Then there is the entire drama of the robots and their universe . But at some point you have to say , `` enough is enough '' . The same boring characters that were in the previous work are back and boring as ever . I can put up with the lack of character development if there is a simultaneous introduction of new ideas but that is not the case here . Their journeys are boring , their findings are boring , the writing is boring . I started skipping pages to find something `` interesting '' . At times the writing is almost like that done by machines - as if word after word were mechanically produced on a `` need to be '' basis . Wish I could say something more positive but I ca n't .
 I thoughtFoundation 's Edgewas vaguely depressing . This is worse . Increasingly there are levels of psychic control , and like the Aes Sedai of the never-ending Wheel of Time , those that think they are all-powerful find another above them with more power . But Asimov does all he can to exclude the possibility of a supernatural power that is above it all . Everything is always deeply materialistically and scientifically explainable . All events , whether by Gaians or 2nd Foundationers or robots - originally stem from something that humanity has created , or which has evolved through natural selection within humanity . Nothing is numinous , and beyond the thoughts and understanding of humanity . And ultimately , this creates a very depressing outlook of the world . Real life is more interesting . Real life is more exciting.It 's annoying too , when the twist at the end of the previous novel , Foundation 's Edge , turns out to be only in the protagonist 's perception , and not actually reality . I feel cheated , and tricked . And then , when other mysteries are added on , I find finally that not all the mysteries are answered , and now never will be - indeed , major questions remain at the end of this book . This is a major mistake within the genre - creating castles that lack foundation.I remember now why I do n't like Asimov . He shows us a place without hope . I do n't like to be depressed after reading a book . I simply have to remember that Asimov 's thoughts are divorced from reality .
 This book has too much of everything ... except action.There is n't much of a story and it 's way too long.There 's a lot of endless talk about the same subjectsand lots more sex than any other Asimov book . Theother Foundation books were fine for all ages . This onehas way too much adult content . I think that 300 pagescould easily have been cut out . In fact , to get to thereal story , just skip to the last 40 pages . Boring.Long . It dishonors the enitre series .
 To start , I loved the first 4 books . But this was really bad . The characters were very unlikable . Golan was a child hating old grump and Bliss almost broke down in tears every time she stepped on a blade of grass . The same arguments over and over , no action and then he had to throw in a sex , like it 's mandatory for the hero to sleep with at least one woman per planet visited or something . Yuck ! This and _ Prelude to Foundation _ should have never been written or at least cut down to a reasonable size . Each book could have dropped about 150 pages with absolutely no effect on the plot . If you really want to find out what happens , do the abridged version on tape and save yourself from this trash .
 A forward to this book written by Asimov himself makes reference to his publisher 's wish that he write additional foundation novels , and implies that their incessant demands eventually overcame his own reluctance to do so . Almost as if he 's saying to the reader , `` Hey , do n't blame me for this steaming pile . They made me do it . `` If I had Asimov 's resume , I 'd be reluctant to put my name on this book as well.As the title implies , Foundation and Earth is about the protagonists ' continued search for the world of origin . Unfortunately , unlike Foundation 's Edge , the journey itself is not long enough to fill the requisite 500 pages , so we 're subjected to endless interludes of casual conversation between protagonists which are completely irrelevant to character or story progression . A simple question will launch a character into a tedious three-page monologue that reads more like an essay than dialogue.As other reviewers have said , the primary purpose of these later books was to tie each of Asimov 's sci-fi series together into one universe . This works alright for the robots , but does more harm than good to the legacy of The Foundation.If you 've read the original Foundation novels , It 's likely that no negative review will dissuade you from reading this one . Therefore , I commiserate with you in advance .
 If you enjoyed the ending of Foundation 's Edge then you will probably like this book . You will find more analogies comparing Gaia to things in the isolate world , and Bliss squaring off with Trevize about stuff you really do n't care about . Asimov does , however , succeed in making you feel the fustration that the characters feel when they do n't discover ANYTHING about Earth for the first 450 pages . The most annoying character is Fallom . I found myself wanting Trevize to kill Fallom as he suggests he will do several times in the book . The `` twist '' revealed in the last sentence is all but a surprise as Trevize foreshadows it several times in the book . I just read a review that this was more part of the Robot series than the Foundation series . I had only read the first four Foundation novels so perhaps that is why I did n't care for the portion of the book where they meander through space accomplishing nothing .
 I discovered the foundation trilogy early this year and I was blown away at how awesome it was . The first three books are short stories that tell an over arching story . The over arching story is the story about a math problem that predicts the future , and how a small foundation on a remote planet use it to gain control of a collapsing empire . The first three novels , though comprised of short stories , weave this theme in and out . I loved the fact that everyone was a human , no aliens , and how time jumped ahead to show the advancement of the foundation.So when I picked up Foundation 's Edge and Foundation and Earth -LRB- both published many years after the original -RRB- I expected the same format
 Aismov continued the Foundation series reluctantly under pressure from fans and his publisher in `` Foundation 's Edge , '' which precedes this novel . `` Edge '' is a disappointing book and `` Earth '' falls even shorter . The plot is very slow , the characters are only mildly interesting , the dialogue is wooden and the ideas just do n't materialize in the end . I find the Gaia concept -LRB- which was introduced at the end of `` Edge but plays a prominent role throughout `` Earth -RRB- to be extremely far-fetched , and Asimov sinks to new literary lows as a writer here -- gratuitous sex , a planet of hermaphrodites , and a planet where the women are topless . The lack of taste only makes things worse . There was very little substance in this book and it is a dismal way to end the `` Foundation '' trilogy , which is the best sci-fi series in history in my opinion . I do not recommened except for those who must have their curiousity to see how it all ends satisfied , but be warned this book is nothing like Asimov in his prime , some 30 years prior .
 It 's hard to believe that the man who wrote this book -LRB- and its equally disappointing predecessor , _ Foundation 's Edge _ -RRB- even READ the original Foundation Trilogy , let alone wrote it.This book is repetitive , tedious , and unimaginative . The conversations about collectivism vs. individuality , repeated _ ad nauseum _ , for all the constant hashing and rehashing of those themes , do not even skim the surface of the points of contention between them.It 's bad enough that this book is n't the least bit about the Foundation -LRB- s -RRB- ; the real problem is that it is n't even good science fiction , and worse still , it is n't even good writing . If you enjoyed the original Foundation Trilogy , please do n't bother with the last two books -LRB- chronologically -RRB- in the series . They 'll only ruin the whole experience.One star . Maybe less .
 If you 're an Asimov junkie like me , you 'll buy and read this book no matter what anybody says . But if you were thrilled with the first three books in the series , ecstatic over the addition of Prelude to Foundation , and slightly less than pleased with Foundation 's Edge , then you 'll be disappointed with this one.I felt Isaac was preaching at me in some sort of new age galactic godspeak rather than entertaining me with a good story . Maybe that 's the danger of writing so many good adventure books
 Unscientific ? You are probably wondering how I could say such a thing . I could easily get through the heavy philosophysing via the Trevize & Bliss arguments , but when you get right down to it , Asimov just took the `` Future is bliss through the oneness/Gaia/connectedness '' -LRB- pick a mechanism -RRB- option . Ho-hum . Really , I expected a better ending to this grand series .
 It would seem that the last batch of books produced by the Asimov are n't quite what they use to be . I 'm still and always will be an avid fan , but the last two books in the foundation series were a bit of a let down . Though Foundation Forward -LRB- in the timeline between Prelude to Foundation and Foundataion -RRB- was relatively the best of his last 3.-chris
 I read this book several years ago , but did n't write a review . I decided to renew my interest in the Foundation series and since this book was hazy in my memory , I decided to reread it . Now I remember why it 's hazy . This has to be the most boring and wordy book Asimov has ever written , period . I found myself skipping over large sections of nonsense dialogue of Bliss arguing with Trevise about Gaia . Nobody talks and discusses as much without saying anything as the characters in this book ! I managed to get on by skimming and concentrating on plot points . Asimov in his foreword said his publisher asked him to write a large book and he complied by filing it with 80 % useless chatter and boring dialogue . He could have written a good short story about this quest for Earth that would have been enjoyable , rather that this bloated , boring , and frankly turgid effort . I gave it two stars in respect to Asimov , had it been any other author , one or no stars .
 I became enthralled by Issac Asimov through a collection of his short stories . In just a few pages he presented and explored a brain-boggling idea . But in this longer work and two others in the Foundation series -LRB- Foundation and Empire and Prelude to Foundation -RRB- I admit considerable disappointment . There are some good ideas but they 're lost in a sea of shallow characters and needless ramblings . I wo n't give up on the author because when he hits he really hits . But I 'm through with the Foundation series
 I really wanted to give this book like a four , but upon further reflection I just ca n't . Foundation and Earth is the conclusion of Asimov 's masterpiece Foundation Series -LRB- I have n't read the two prequels yet -RRB- and it takes the series in a completely new direction . Which is wonderful , and also problematic . The Seldon Plan and the Galactic Empire on which the series were founded become side notes , mentioned in parenthesis and trivial in the wake of Golan Trevize 's solving the ultimate human mystery in the story line
 This book reminded me a lot of my experience reading the Wheel of Time books . The dialog is so tedious and repetitive that I found myself hating the characters and skipping any dialog that was obviously going to be a repeat of past discussions in the book . Remember hair pulling and dress straightening in the Wheel of Time books ? There are plenty of similar irritating repetitive discussions in this book.The first 3 books of the series are fantastic . The 4th -LRB- Foundations Edge -RRB- is decent and worth reading . This book should be avoided at all costs . Do n't read it . It diminishes the events in the previous books and just made me angry.SPOILER ALERT : The strangest thing is that the first books in the series were supposed to have been written from a successful 2nd empire after the 1000 years was over . I fail to understand how that could be the case if Gaia was really the endpoint.For my own happiness I think I 'll just pretend that the 2nd foundation was successful , Daneel 's brain froze up well before he could succeed at his idiotic plan , all robots in the universe were destroyed by humans for being hopelessly stupid , and that Gaia ended up dying when its star suddenly went nova.Gaia would n't notice it happening because its mode of life caused it to be too uninquisitive . With a whole planet working together you 'd think they 'd be at the forefront of scientific inquiry instead of being well behind the first foundation !
 I feel pretty sure that Asimov has a huge ego - that his protagonist is some sort of projection of his self image . Trevise is supposed to be a rigorous scientist of the highest intelligence , and in this novel his quest is to find out why he is always right.Hubris city , but with no ironic undercutting.Worlds and characters are flagrantly constructed merely as 2D sets for the strutting Trevise . His two companions acknowledge his greatness and tread around him accordingly . Pel is a sort of Dr. Watson . Every female is absurdly stylised
 Do n't get me wrong . I was enamored by the first three novels . My interest was piqued further in the fourth novel -LRB- Foundation 's Edge -RRB- when both the First and Second Foundation were working together -LRB- sort of ... but not really -RRB- against a supposedly common threat -- a threat that was more powerful than both the First and Second Foundation . But in Foundation and Earth , Dr. A simply dropped the ball . His focus on morality and irritating , one-dimensional characters who talked way too much made for a very tedious-reading novel.I blame this on his decision to tie the Foundation story line with his Robot universe . That decision , I believe , contributed to this poorly written novel -- a novel that strayed from the namesake of its series
 Nowhere near the intrigue and plot of the original Foundation Trilogy . Foundation & Earth was an irritating series of hypothetical debates that amounted -LRB- usually -RRB- to nothing , and a series of trite , rather meaningless visits to far off planets . The ending -LRB- I wo n't spoil it -RRB- was hard to believe , to put it mildly . I give Asimov credit for some of the greatest sci-fi around , but he should have retired from the game after the 1950 's .
 *** Major spoilers ahead *** In a nutshell . The Seldon plan was worthless all along and is to be tossed away so that the Galaxy may unite under one mind to fight off some unknown alien invader sometime in the distant future , perhaps . * groan * This book should have been titled . `` The Foundation Goes Down The Drain `` Everything that made the origional Foundation books so great is tossed out the window in this conclusion . After spending 2 entire books searching for Earth our adventurers do n't even bother to set foot on it once they have found it . Just a few pages looking through the ruined Caves Of Steel would have made up for the trial that was reading this book . Golan and Bliss would also have to be 2 of the most irritating main characters ever to be penned to paper , Travise has a massive ego and is generally a jerk to everyone he meets , and Bliss is like an umber-greenie who is trying to convert the entire Galaxy into one big garden.Do yourself a favor , just read the origional 3 Foundation books , and the prequels if your interested in the backstory of Seldon 's early days on Trantor . Also the Robot books are great especially the Bailey trilogy . Do n't bother with Foundations Edge or Foundation and Earth , it will just spoil all the great stuff that has come before .
 Foundation and Earth reiterates all the ideas cast in Foundations Edge and after a while one wonders why this book was written in the first place . We have the same three characters from Edge
 ... and the ending really sank the series . I wish he 'd have stopped with the original trilogy . Ursula LeGuin made the same mistake with the Earthsea books
 I ordered Foundation and Earth on July 28 , 2010 . I received the wrong book -LRB- Foundation and Empire -RRB- on August 6 , 2010 and immediately notified the sender who said they would ship a replacement out immediately . It is now August 29 , 2010 and I have still not received the book I ordered . I understand the book I ordered was ridiculously inexpensive , but that does n't justify terrible service . If you could get the wrong book to me within a week , I do n't understand why the correct order could n't have been here within a week , though since you made the mistake I believe it should have been expedited . Very disappointed and still awaiting the book . Contacted seller a week ago and they said they could confirm it has been dispatched , but I still have not received it .
 Written in the late Thirties , this book is a misguided attempt to interpret Robespierre as a precursor to Hitler and Stalin . It is a complete distortion of the aims and goals of the French revolution . Interested readers should pursue histories by Thompson , Hampson , Jordan and Rude instead to get a more accurate portrait of Robespierre
 Not only do I resent the hour I spent trying to find anything worthwhile about this book , I resent the five minutes I spent taking it out of the library . My taking the time to log on to Amazon and write this review should tell you something . Perhaps I feel so strongly because the title suggests fiction , the style and structure suggest non-fiction , and it does no justice to the ghost-story traditions of either . It is a mish-mash of barely re-worked legends and rumors , ` legends ' that appear to have been concocted de novo , and plagiarized fiction presented as though it were ` real ' legend . The editorial style recalls the antiquarian ghost-story tradition by the utter failure of its attempt at emulation . Each entry is laden with gratuitous ` editorial ' comments , as though the originals -LRB- where they exist -RRB- were n't good enough . Even the titles of the chapters are so poorly chosen that they 've given away the story before you 've begun reading it . Nowhere are original authors mentioned , so you ca n't even use this book to FIND good ghost stories . The only thing I like about this book is the typeface .
 A very succinct book with a large number of good but very small illustrations at a fair price . The book is marred by sloppy labels and poor grammar . I was considering the book for use of a beginning physiology class but it will not be used .
 I have been an avid fan of this series of books since it first published . So when I saw a new book in the series was out I could n't wait to get my hands on it.First , please note this book was NOT written by Eric Flint . Although he did some writing for it , the bulk is essentially fan-fiction . Second , A very large portion of this book deals with poorly written stories about a Goat with poor hair trying to mate with the female sheep . Frankly , I have no interest in this type of story . Additionally , I realize that one has to suspend ones disbelief to read sci-fi/fantasy , but some of what I liked about this series was the well researched nature of it . To think that an American town whisked back to the 1600 's and involved in major war operations would spend its time and resources putting on ballet , making video 's about , and glamorizing a Ram is pretty farfetched.There are occasionally well written chapters or such as the chapter about Suhl , but overall this book is a waste of money and in my opinion an insult to the fans .
 The authors have taken the opportunity to publish a book of which they wrote only a small portion . The plot progresses through the snippets of first-time writers . This book is not a part of the series but an attempt to milk the series for all it 's worth . -LRB- See also Grantville Gazette I , II , III -RRB- . Instead of a cogent style , the book is pieced together from snippets available elsewhere . As a result the book fails to tell a cogent story , forcing the reader to parse disparate language and editorial differences from section to section .
 Very , very disappointing . I loved 1632 , liked 1633 , was luke warm over the Gallileo book , and really disliked this one . Sad to see a great idea/series start go downhill so fast . The `` humor '' in this book is mildly ammusing for the first 10 pages or so then increasing sophmoric and boring for the next 50 pages . I scanned the last 50 pages and then ash canned this turkey . Save your money . I hope `` CAnnon Law '' returns to the quality of the first book , but the blurb on it is not promising . Most readers , like me , do n't really care how many angels can dance on the head of a 17th century pin and get really bored with endless minutia about religious arguments . Wake up Eric and give us some fun , rousing tales of survival , war , and innovation in the unique `` world '' you created in 1632 .
 ... unless you have nothing else to spend your money on . I am a great fan of the other books , especially 1633 , but this one is a poorly , maybe even unethically , conceived project . Many of the `` stories '' contained in the book were written by non-professional writers , and it really shows . Apparently many of them are available on the web , which makes the decision to publish them in book form , without warning the purchaser , rather iffy , in my opinion . The theme that is supposed to hold everything together , `` Brillo '' and his use as a symbol for a new form of government , is just , well , lame . The songs are unbelievably tedious , and the idea is not ever presented coherently.Pass on this one , save your money for 1634
 First I have to take culpability for buying this book . I did not look at it thoroughly before I bought it . That is my personal mistake and I can not and do not hold the authors responsible for that.Now the book - I do hold the authors responsible for this and more importantly the publisher . This is a terrible book . A series of little snippets here and there somehow tied to the original 1632 book . Remember reading your high school newspaper ? If you do n't remember - this book will remind you of it . The level of writing is , in many cases sophomoric . The main thrust -LRB- those who have read the book will understand the play on words -RRB- is a combination of tales of a determined sheep and an anti-government diatribe . Now I am all for an anti-government diatribe , especially today , but the anti-government diatribe primarily is coming from people who are forming a new government and making the same mistakes the governments they deplore do . So even the anti-government diatribe is sophomoric.I am saving the worst for last - most of this `` book '' might be available free on the web.So to close I am giving myself a half star for buying the book . I am giving the book one star as there are some pieces worth reading and the sheep I give 3 stars as he is innocent and at least tries hard to ram his point home
 This side story is actually an anthology of semi related tales . It is tedious , boring and an absolute mess . Unless you have a passion for the minutiea of 17th century German government this is a waste of time . I have enjoyed the other books very much but this one is so disjointed that it barely makes sense.I would suggest skipping this one and waiting for the `` real '' book to come about the Baltic War .
 I found it difficult to read through , goes into heavy detail on 17th Century German farming culture early on and that was the exciting part .
 Eric Flint calls this an `` oddball volume '' and a `` cross between a traditional anthology and a novel '' in the preface . I found it a bewildering mishmash , even the wrap up section at the end . The storyline jumps between characters and locations frequently , and the timeline jumps back and forth as well . The number of characters in play is astounding , and most of them are not the main 1632 characters . It was just plain hard to follow , and therefore hard to fully enjoy . For newbies , this is a definite DO NOT BUY . If you are a 1632 series experienced reader , go ahead , but be forewarned that this one falls a little short .
 Eric Flint is a learned and knowledgeable historian with a splendid imagination . He has co authored a number of good alternative history books with David Drake and his 1632 was excellent . Left to his own devices , however , or with a lesser editor , he becomes lost in the twists and twirls of his own highly nuanced world . He has a difficult time sustaining realistic characters . -LRB- Pretty much the same set of heros again and again . -RRB- Here , another reviewer compared this to reading a high school newspaper , which is apt -- but more likely one will find as much benefit reading off of Flint 's fan website and finding that various folks have given additional life to his characters in his alternate universe . So let 's join those who hope that he will return to the main flow , with a better editor and prove himself an independent success .
 I will never again buy an Eric Flint book without physically examining it . The two official reviews above make it look like a sequel ; it is not .
 I liked Flint , I trusted him to deliver his usual good reading but now , I have been scammed to the bones by his three last spin-off 's , the Galileo Affair , the Grantville Gazette , and the Ram Rebellion . Do not buy any of those awful books , you would be , like me , finding yourself in the category ' A mark is born every minute ' . Those three rate a very high Minus ...
 I have previously bought three other books in this series ; this anthology is , by far , the weakest of the four.I really do n't care to read about some sheep called Brillo , who appears to be the main character up to page 185 . Very disappointing , save your money .
 If you are like me , and thought the anthologies of this series were just ok . Then do n't bother with this book . It is another anthology and it is by far the worst of the lot . I am sure the writers thought that these stories about the antics of a goat were hilarious , I however found them tedious and after I was on page 100 and the book was STILL going on about domestic farm life and the antics of a perfectly ordinary goat I just could n't go on any further . Please no more anthologies . Maybe I can give my copy to the library to keep someone else from wasting twenty dollars .
 I love the 1632 series . I have bought every book as soon as the come out , and enjoyed each immensely . This is not a novel in the normal definition . It is a collection of stories , kind of like the Gazette , except the Gazette is interesting . I was bored frankly with the stories . I normally read a book in less than a day , but this one took me over 4 days , because i just could not get interested , I just finished it to keep me in the story and to ensure I would not miss anything for future books .
 I love Eric Flint 's stories , but he sure missed the mark on this one . Endless pages of politics , religion , too many nobles , margraves , etc. , to ever keep track of . The actual rebellion of the title does n't take place until the very last pages and is supposedly helped along by some very silly stories about a downtime scruffy ram owned by an uptime farmer 's wife , who keeps impregnating her pure blood Merino ewes and producing so-so wool . Also , looooong and boring stories about a ballet company started by an uptime ballet teacher , and which has nothing at all to do with the so called `` ram rebellion '' . Also , he has too many uptime Americans kowtowing to the downtime `` nobles '' , which I find hard to believe . American 's do n't even kowtow to their own president , mayors , etc. . I believe most of this book was written by others , and not well , either . I did struggle and finish this book , but only by skipping tons of pages to get to some action . I do n't recommend this book if you are looking for a good follow up on his 1632 book . Not worth it .
 I understand the attempt here . Flint has expressed often enough his view -LRB- correct , I believe -RRB- that history is n't just a neat `` A happened , then B , then C '' sort of thing . Things happen all over the place simultaneously , having unpredictable consequences , coming back later to have still other consequences . This book appears to be an attempt to tell a story that encompasses that.Which leads to my title . Nice try.Part of the problem lies in the amateurish quality of some of the writing , as mentioned by other reviewers . And due to the episodic nature of the story , just when you find a non-amateurish author , his/her story is almost done . I think a larger problem , though , is that , in the attempt to show how many different threads come together to make history , there 's far too much of a feel of `` Where did THAT come from ? '' . And unlike real history , with fiction it is very easy to create connections that , even in hindsight , seem so tenuous as to be utterly ridiculous . Several of which are found here.Don ' t go into this one thinking to read a little bit here , a little bit there-this is the first of the 1632 series -LRB- which I absolutely love , for the most part -RRB- in which I had to force myself to finish the book , over three weeks -LRB- unlike the more usual `` read it all in one sitting because it 's so darned good -RRB- .
 Bottom line
 I have to say that after becoming immersed in 1632 and enjoying 1633 , I feel like the author 's pretty much abandoned the project to whoever wants to publish some small snippet . This was the worst of the series by far and I actually just gave up on it half way though which I never ever do to fiction . I truly wanted to see the author embrace this universe and allow me to come along for an enjoyable ride . Looks like it 's not going to happen . Probably need to hold off or write your own version since that 's kind of what got published anyway .
 I have every single Ring Of Fire book , and in general , the series is among my favorite sci-fi works . Except for this one . This book is not only almost unrelated to the rest of the series internally , it consists of a series of incredibly inane anecdotes about raising sheep and rabbits . Certainly the dullest sci-fi book I own . The ONLY reason to read this one is because it 's referenced from later works , in particular 1635 - The Dreeson Incident . You 'd think that a character in a sci-fi novel should have a story at least as interesting as a normal person in real life - and this book sure misses that goal . Unless you 're really , really keen on reading short children 's stories about anthropomorphic rams -LRB- the sheep kind -RRB- , this book is sure to disappoint.Skip this one - you 'll thank me later .
 I love the RoF series . I love the politics , intrigue , planing , and military actions . But this book is borderline horrible ! The Ram Rebellion was fun for the first 20 to 30 pages , but then it just got old . Simply felt like bad filler in a worse dinner . How many pages about a dance instructor trying to figure out how to get a dance company up and running ? It became a Seinfeld show . A book about ` nothing ' . I have read maybe 1000 sci-fi/fantasy books . I can count on one hand how many I have just given up on or skipped through . This is one of them . This is the equivalent of a modern day reality show about little to nothing . Some may like that , some may love that . Good for you . I feel ripped off in time and money.I wont buy any more written by VD .
 To me , the best recommendation for a book is how often I re-read it after I have read it the first time . For example , most of my copies of Robert Heinlein 's books and early Tom Clancy novels are almost worn out . By that note , this book gets low marks , unlike other books in this series . It is slow and confusing . Fans of the series probably should read this book as it does contain information important to other books in the series , but these are characters and stories you will soon forget . I have .
 Sorry about the terrible pun in the review title , given the subject matter of this book . But the book is a death march -- a long slog through trivia that might be fascinating to a few Baen 's Bar fanatics , but which the rest of us find pretty boring . The greatest thing about 1632 was the fact that it told a great story , which was strong enough to hold the history that was hung all over it . The storytelling is n't nearly as strong here , and the history weighs it down . Recommended for die-hard 1632 fans only .
 I need to start out by saying I thoroughly enjoyed 1632 and 1633 and am an avid fan of alternate history novels . That said , wow , this book has been some serious work to get through . With a cast of over 50 characters -LRB- many who go by several names -RRB- and multiple stories cobbled together , this book is all over the place . I tend to read in small sessions and this book is not conducive to that at all . This book is only for the die hard fans of the series , and then only for those who like stories about tedious political maneuvering.This counts as strike two against the entire series , with 1643
 By far this is the worst book in the series . Maybe five pages worth of rebellion or plot development , 200 pages of dry political education , and 100 pages on ballet recitals . Dry and pointless reading .
 I 've read all the previous entries in the Grantville Universe and enjoyed most of them quite a bit . But where the use of various writers and short stories worked well for a time , the quality of the writing has been steadily decreasing.The Ram Rebellion reads as a book totally abandoned by Eric Flint and handled almost entirely by the Regulars at Baen 's Bar . I understand Baen 's practice of pairing up-and-coming writers with more established writers in order to develop new talent and further the plot of popular series . It 's worked well in the past.Here it simply failed . I 'm about 1/5 through the book and am so tired of the lackluster writing , the sophomoric humor and the terribly slow plot progression that I 'm putting it away for good . I 'm probably unlikely to read the rest of the series because it 's reached a point where having Flint 's name on the cover is totally meaningless and not at all representative of the quality of writing to be expected within .
 The Ram Rebellion is easily the very least of the otherwise great 1632 series . Flint , in the introduction , says that the book is not quite an anthology and not quite a co-written effort . That middle of the road approach hurts the book . For a series that is normally a political action series with a great deal of research behind it , this book feels like a massive collection of events and characters that might be important some day -LRB- say , in 1636 or so -RRB- , but were n't interesting or important enough to warrant their own treatment . -LRB- Spoilers -RRB- Also , the idea of Brillo the Ram gets irritating and repetitive so fast that I found myself wishing that they 'd just kill it already ; if the damn sheep is tainting the gene pool , EAT THE SHEEP . Do n't complain about it so much that you start a cultural icon ! If the Brillo stories were actually interesting , it would n't have been so bad ; but they were called funny by so many characters and were so uninteresting that it rubbed me the wrong way . -LRB- End Spoilers -RRB- Speaking of so many characters , there were a LOT of characters that were utterly unimportant . I 'm sorry Mr. Flint , but you yourself acknowledged that writers typically write about Great Men . There is a good reason for this
 `` 1634
 This novel has a novel stucture , not a novel event in this expanding series . Ram Rebellion is not part of the original plan for the `` 1634
 Eric Flint is really trying the patience of those of us who want to be his fans and liked the first few books set in his 1632 universe . Because honestly , he 's been over the year of 1634 enough times that we 're ready to move on . There have been something like 7 different issues of the ` Grantville Gazette , ' plus ` The Galileo Affair ' and ` Ring of Fire , ' all of which are essentially treading over the same ground again and again ad nauseum . Enough already.The entire second half of this book was so boring that I just gave up with 2 chapters to go before the end . I did n't care about any of these characters and I did n't really understand what was happening anymore . It 's just page after page after page with nothing happening.By the way , this is n't actually a novel and it is n't by Eric Flint , strictly speaking . It 's a collection of short stories and a novella edited by Flint and packaged into something that at first seems to pass for a proper book . He co-wrote the novella but the bulk of the book was not written by him.The only reason to buy this book is if you are obsessed with reading each and every little scrap and sentence written about the 1632 universe . If this is n't you then do n't waste your time . In fact , buying this book will only reward Flint and his publisher for feeding their readers warmed-over fan-fiction -LRB- again -RRB- instead of going to the trouble of writing a real book . Perhaps slow sales will encourage him to write an actual novel set in 1635 already . Hopefully this series will return to the promise held by the first 2 or 3 books .
 Another big disappointment . We seem to be getting more and more filler books . I absolutely loved the 1st two -LRB- 1632 & 1633 -RRB- . From then on this series has been going downhill . The Ram Rebellion is a dis-jointed series of short stories about goats , of all things . Made no sense to me and ended up just tossing it in the trash where , I feel , it belongs . Again-the first two books were absolutely spellbindin . I 'll be much more careful -LRB- read all the reviews -RRB- before I get sucked into another turkey like this one . Only gave it one star because there is no zero star rating . I 'm really dis-appointment because Eric Flint is one of my favorite authors . Nothing personal Eric , just business , but this is a real piece of junk .
 I discovered Eric Flint 's work when a friend loaned me 1632 . I had not read much speculative fiction other than some Harry Turtledove and I have to say I loved it . Then I went out and bought 1633 , it was another gem . Things skipped a bit with The Galileo Affair , just a little too much sermonizing . But this latest , The Ram Rebellion , just stinks . Most of the stories were written by obvious amateurs fascinated with sheep , cooking , agriculture and whatnot . Now those are all fine things , but I bought the other books to be entertained with action + fantasy + history , in that order , not history + agribusiness + feminism . I am going to read one more book in this series and if it does not improve I will swear it off for good .
 I am a huge fan of Eric Flint , and generally love anything with his name on it . As others here have pointed out , though , one problem with this book is that , while his name is on it , most of the material was actually written by others.That 's not necessarily a bad thing ; 1633 , co-written with David Weber , was great . And I disagree with some of the other reviewers here that criticize the `` Grantville Gazette '' stories in general ; some of those have been good , too . -LRB- For example , the tale about the introduction of the potato chip to down-timers was a hoot . -RRB- But ... how can I say this diplomatically ? While I think some of the writers in this compilation show promise , they are NOT Eric Flint or David Weber.Next , I think this book is just too blamed busy . Instead of one or two lead characters , there are a million , whose names begin to jumble together -LRB- badly ! -RRB- after a while . Trying to keep up with the zillions of different Margraves and Dukes and Counts becomes something worse than tedious , too -LRB- `` wait a minute ... was he the Protestant who hated Gustav Adolph , or was he the Catholic who secretly worked with so-and-so ... ? '' -RRB- . I think this book proves something else , and I hope Jim Baen is paying attention
 I am a great fan of Eric Flint 's works but this one is just plain awful . If I wanted to read fantasy , I would buy it . I just feel that by putting this book in the series , they were trying to sell something that otherwise would not sell . I would not recommend an alternate history fan buy this book !
 I loved the first two books in this series but this one is a waste of time . Stories about sheep farming and ballet , are you kidding me ? Call me when Mr. Flint gets back to the struggle of surviving in the brutal 17th century .
 This book is a little more of a thinky piece than the typical 1632-verse story , and as such it suffers from two problems
 I loved 1632/33 but this book put me to sleep . I had to pry my eyelids open to finish it .
 I must say that several of the reviewers that gave this book fours and fives showed a livelier imagination and greater writing ability than did the people that contributed to this book . If you 've been reading the reviews , and counted the stars , the ones have it . There 's little to add that has n't been said already . I simply wanted to add my two cents in the hope that I might save one person eight hundred or so cents.This book is not an enjoyable read . Say what you will about the aims Eric had for this book ... I buy books to read for enjoyment . This one I finished only because I spent money on it and I hate throwing away a book without reading it once . It was a relief to hit the last page .
 The Transall SagaBy George MickcloudMark is a normal teenager who lives to be out in the wilderness . Mark goes on a solo camping trip through the desert when finds a strange blue light that when he touched it . It transported him to another planet and time . Now he must us every nature skill he ever learned to survive . Two years past and is now a strong dark colored man . One day he fined s a village under attack by an evil ruler he joins the fight and saves the king of the village and is made second in command for his bravery he is now part of this village and is starting to think that he wants to give up looking for the blue light a stay with his new family . But some people do n't like Mark and want him to leave . Mark now has a price on his head for his death . Mark and his new family will fight for his freedom or die trying . Will Mark survive the war to go on to find the light or die defending his new life and family ?
 I picked up this second book in the series because I had very much enjoyed The Neon Rain which was gritty , violent and dark , and very well written . The writing here is still very good but there are a few major things wrong with this book that made me want to put it down .1 -RRB- The plot basically does n't exist . Here 's my summary
 This is the third of Burke 's Robicheaux books I 've read , and , in my opinion , the worst . to give him credit , Burke 's descriptions are ethereal , his characterizations -LRB- at least , of Dave & Clete -RRB- are vivid and make you care . Unfortunately , his political rants honk unpredictably and obnoxiously throughout his books -LRB- especially this one -RRB- like an amateur tuba player in a beautiful symphony . I want to be entertained , not preached at . There are also times that his denouements leave much to be desired . As as mystery-reader , the puzzle is very important to me . I want it to make sense , and I want the loose ends tied up .
 I listened to this one on tape . The reader was perfect for the part . The story , however , left me high and dry . I felt like I 'd fallen asleep and missed the part where he avenges his wife . Maybe I did . This was a depressing story for the most part but done by a talented writer . Too bad it seemed to stop instead of end . Loose ends left blowing in the wind all over the place .
 First off the title is misleading . It should be Gen X & Jesus as Christianity is the only religion that the author cares to discuss . I guess Jewish and Muslim `` Gen X-ers '' can go get other books . Secondly the whole exercise is cliched . Pretty much everything said about Generation X has been said about any group of people between the ages of 18 and 25 who have only just begun to abandon cynicism . Third , Generation X and it 's hip nickname GenX is such a horrible term to begin with and it 's not completely Douglas Coupland 's fault , but one would like to have someone to blame.Ok , that said this book is a fairly average preacher manual for youth of America in order to answer a few questions posed and to clarify Christianity . Besides the title 's hook , it does n't say anything particularly original about either Christianity or the generation of youth . Worse is that it feels like the author is reaching . He sounds like one of those people who walked through high school with his Bible out , never dating or socializing , but who wanted to be with it anyhow.It 's an ok book and a pretty good one to give to a teenage fundamentalist , but it does n't really live up to its title .
 From the title of this book one gets the impression that this book is a Generation X perspective of God . This turns out not to be the case . It has more to do with the theological preferences of its author Kristoffer Cox . Mr. Cox comes from a Protestant background and offers up a spiritual scheme that is non-dogmatic and void of hellfire and damnation gibberish . His focus is primarily on the love of Christ and the establishment of God 's kingdom . And this is what the overwhelming bulk of the book is about . There was one sliver of insight in to the lessons that Generation X could learn for the Christian faith . Examples of this are comparisons between Xers and Jesus were both often mocked and not taken seriously by those in control . Or the way Xers have inherited a damaged world and that an imperfect world is foundational to Christian understanding . But the notion of such ideas only gets scant attention as it is preceeded and followed by Mr. Cox 's proselytizing . The weakest part of this book is attempts by Mr Cox to put at the heat of Gen X 's problems a generational conflict with the parent gengeration of Baby Boomers . At best this attempt sounds much like the contrived notions that someone might adhere to after completing a high school sociology course .
 This book falls into some strange no-mans-land where definitions , proofs , and the underlying statistical theory are skipped , but formulae are stated in a symbolic language complex enough that it is hard to imagine any readers that could understand the book yet not desire more mathematical rigor . The authors do give extensive references to material they do n't explain -- on the other hand , for $ 90 most readers probably want the explanations . The authors also present many of their own opinions about the relative merits of certain statistical quantities . While their opinions , based on their years of experience as researchers , may have some merit , all too often they are forced to admit that other researchers , with comparable credentials , have opposing opinions ! In that case , why include the opinions _ in a textbook _ ? Debate in scientific journals . Explain in textbooks.The organization at a chapter level is clear enough , but within chapters the exposition is ad-hoc . This is probably a side effect of the authors ' commitment to eliminating explanations and proofs -- there 's no need to organize since they are just enumerating formulae and opinions .
 This book is severely outdated to the point that it can not serve any audience . Simply reading this book and noting phrases such as computations which can be carried out on a `` pocket calculator '' or these procedures typically require specialized programs to be `` run on a computer '' indicate how severely outdated this book is.Those wanting a modern applied book focusing in data analysis -LRB- using R or SAS -RRB- will be disappointed , and those looking for a baby version of Seber -LRB- and Lee -RRB- will also be disappointed . A significant disappointment of the book is the lack of focus in setting up ordinary least squares regression , and hence the lack of step-by-step generalization that a fundamental presentation of regression should entail -LRB- least squares - > generalized least squares - > iteratively weighted least squares - > robust regression - > generalized linear models -RRB- . The book also lacks `` good '' problems . Most of the problems focus on computations using small matrices and do not focus on proving the easily proven fundamental results . In addition the book takes the habit of stating formulas and not deriving them from the fundamental problem .
 I expected this to be a large book like the other Good Old Days books that I bought . It is only 16 pages . I do not blame the seller . I was stupid for not checking it out before I bought it .
 The description for this book does not mention it is a 16 page chintzy paper back . I cant believe some people are charging 25 to 35 dollars for this nickle booklet because that is all it is . I wish I would have had this information before I bought it .
 I sincerely applaud Herb 's effort . This is an interesting book with an interesting theory , but I have to give it one star because it 's based on very weak evidence and an aboundance of speculation . I suggest that anyone interested in the end times read the Bible . God does n't write mysteries , and everything you need is in there . For example , the `` ten nation alliance '' read Ezekiel 27-32 . What are the nations ? They are clearly not European . Herb 's EU theory holds little weight . The problem is that he started out with the theory that the EU is the end-times beast empire and then tried to find evidence to fit the theory , which is why it just does n't work . What he should have done is read his Bible first to find out what God had to say about the end-times empire and then see where that evidence took him.If we truly are in the end-times , then what nations/political system fits the description of the end-times alliance ? What major religion denies that Jesus is God 's son and our savior ? What people will go to any length , including suicide , to take peace from the earth and persecute and kill God 's people ? I recommend you read God 's War on Terror by Walid Shoebat instead . It 'll get you headed in the right direction , but you still need to read your Bible .
 I definitely would not recommend this book . The author is completely wrapped up in his conspiracy theory about his choice for the AC . He refuses to look at the whole picture because afterall , he wrote a book that he wants to come true.As another person said previously , stick with the Bible . Do n't allow yourself to get caught up in this conspiracy theory because his version of the AC and the AC Kingdom is not Biblical no matter how hard he tries to twist scripture .
 Another poorly written `` guess the antichrist '' book . Herb has weak theology and even weaker doctrine . Better stick with your bible and read the future events for yourself rather than read fictional tales made up to sell books . antichrist will be a figure that would deceive Christians - even the VERY elect -LRB- if that were at all possible -RRB- not someone most Christians would be able to point out as antichrist before the rapture.If you must read , purchase on the secondhand market or check it out in your library 's fiction section.Don ' t be deceived ! Jesus said antichrist would be deceptive - and most would not accept him for who he is until he is revealed after the rapture.Joins a growing list of `` guess the antichrist books '' who have identified Juan Carlos -LRB- of Spain -RRB- , Prince Charles , Prince William , Henry Kissinger , several Russian leaders , etc. as the antichrist - all with `` proof possitive '' - they all ca n't be right -LRB- and likely none of them are -RRB- Do n't waste your money - buy a good study bible instead - and if you are a Christian , LOOK UP FOR OUR REDEMTION IS NEAR !
 Although Desjardins ' book contains a number of interesting revelations , his arguments are often compromised by sloppy research . For example , his key claim that `` Little Round Top '' was not known by that name until `` years '' after the battle was proven false nearly a decade ago . Desjardin is especially weak when he tries to play photo-detective . He mentions with praise the research of photo historian William Frassanito , but does n't seem to have actually read Frassanito 's books very carefully . Desjardin 's arguments also suffer from the obvious omission of pertinent , but contrary information
 ... I decided to invest in Desjardin 's book to add to my modest Civil War collection . At just over 200 pages it is extremely thin for the $ 26 list price . More distressing , the author makes it thinner still by repeating the same passages over and over . No less then four times does the author recount -LRB- in detail -RRB- how Michael Sharra 's `` The Killer Angels '' was written as a quasi Shakespearean history , that Sharra 's book was rejected by countless publishers , that it did not sell well in post-Vietnam America , that the book won the Pulitzer Prize and eventually sold millions of copies before it was made into the movie Gettysburg . At least three times does Desjardin inform the reader that Ted Turner mistated the number of Gettysburg dead on national cable televesion after the showing of the movie he bankrolled . In consecutive chapters early in the book the author relates the same long quotation , attributed to Charles Wainwright , as if the reader had never heard it the first time . He wastes enourmous time talking about the claims of Daniel Sickles and Jubal Early as forming the basis of accepted myth about the battle when both men 's assertions have long since been rebutted and have no popular credibility whatsoever -LRB- as long ago as 1965 , I remember NPS employees manning the electronic battlefield showing the Sickles ' salaint and stating that the General threatened the entire Union posistion by advancing his Corps into the Peach Orchard against orders -RRB- . In any event , these are old stories that are , at least , twice told . In telling the Chamberlain myth , the author stills gives his fellow Maine native -LRB- and the subject of his prior book -RRB- a big break by saying that the myth sprang up without Chamberlain 's sanction . What he omitted was the Colonel 's venoumous , vindictive and very sucessful campaign to prevent the Confederate commander , Oates , from placing a memorial to his men anywhere close to Little Round Top , believing it to be his exclusive province . These are some examples of hit and miss scholarship and poor writing . The editing is a mess , as apparent in the footnotes and the bibliography where the wrong authors are credited with the wrong materials . Lastly , Desjardin falls into his own trap when he says the Bible is a contradictory text because it advises to take `` an eye for an eye '' while also commanding to `` turn the other cheek '' . First of all it is intellectual dishonesty to compare the law of the Old Testament to the Gospels of the New Testament . Second , the `` eye for an eye '' language is not the Bible , it is the Code of Hamurabi . Whoops , Mr. Desjardin .
 Seperate civics lessons for boys and girls ? Give me a break . A real thriving democracy should certainly tolerate this authors right to free expression but not go so far as to support it by buying it . My son can sew , if I have a daughter she 'll know how to build a fence . That 's not pansy p.c. philosophy , that 's the foundation of a strong republic .
 This book has the honor of being one of only two books that I have ever read that I TRULY regret having wasted my time on . I really and truly did not think that I would be able to finish this one BUT I ALWAYS finish a book once I start it . In my opinion this is one of those cases when a very controversial novel gets confused with a great novel . I am however VERY grateful that I picked it up at a library sale for only 50 cents. ; 0 -RRB- Sorry Moll Flanders fans .
 I had purchase this book before but not from Amazon . This edition is not what I had expected . I was looking for a student edition . Also this book had been wrtitten inside the pages
 This was the first book I had to read for the history of the novel in college . While I was working my way through this , I wondered if the rest of the class would be this slow . Moll does not command respect , pity or admiration . The scenes for the most part are not really memorable , and the supporting characters are not really convincing . Perhaps this is my biggest complaint . Charles Dickens can keep my interest even in an 800 page book . Yet Defoe could not hold my interest in 250 pages . The only reason I could give for reading this is that it shows a primitave stage in the development of the novel .
 Let Me start by saying that the Story of Moll Flanders itself is a fairly exciting One . The Story changes Venues and Circumstances so often that it only grows Dull in a few Places . It is well-written and filled with beautiful Description . However , I have never finished this Book due to two crucial Criteria : Reason 1 -RRB- There are no Chapters . I find this to be quite Discouraging , as , without any Breaks , I often lose my Spot and feel like I 'm not accomplishing Anything.Reason 2 -RRB- Just like in this Review , every Noun is capitalized . If you found it annoying Here , just imagine 300 Pages of it.I would not recommend this Book to any casual Reader . If you 're a literary Scholar , however , dive right in , it 's an important Work .
 This is one of the most depressing books I hope to ever read . The best summation I can give is , oh so there were just as many dishonest , stealing thieves in times past as there are today.It would be a good study for criminal minds and how to make light of ripping people off . I hated the book and am disappointed that it even falls into the classification of ` The Classics '
 Well , its a classic so if you like classics , this is one . I got it for a car ride and to try out the audio feature of the Fire . That is wonderful and I will use Audio Books again ,
 I expected a lot from this book.I was very disappointed.And to think I read it to the last letter.Sure , it speaks about about the fate of a woman in the 18th cenetury , a very rare thing in those times , because nobody cared about poor women or independent women -LRB- a ridiculous notion then -RRB- or `` bad '' women and why they became bad.But , it is not good literature.Almost half of it is an inventory of the things she -LRB- Mall -RRB- stole , robbed , cheated ... If it were a 150 pages shorter , it would have been a much better book.Save your time and energy for a much better book , and there are many of those !
 I had to read this for a book club , and a fifth of the way into it , I began to wish I were blind , so I would n't have to continue . I considered gouging my eyes out with a grapefruit spoon . And if someone tried to read aloud it to me , I was prepared to pour hot parrafin into my ears . And if Anne Sullivan tried to sign `` Moll Flanders '' into my hand , I would dig into my wrists and sever the nerves to my hand with a carpet knife . Then if someone tried to tap the text of this book onto my back using Morse Code , I would be left with no course of action other than suicide . As it was , I completed my book club obligation , and as soon as we 're done discussing this , I 'm going to bandsaw open my cranium , locate the part of the brain that remembers I read this book , and scoop it out with a melonballer . Wish me luck !
 Do n't care for the story line.Too , distasteful and hardly worth reading even if it was the last book I had . .
 The only thing I truely like about this tale is the insight to the times of over three hundred years ago . One is really struck by the more things change , the more things stay the same-at least when it comes to the human mind . Other than that , I really found a great majority of the book mind-numbingly dull-especially when when reach the part where our heroine becomed the infamous Moll Flanders . Nearly sixty pages of my edition -LRB- c. 1965 Dell Publishing -RRB- is devoted repetition of how Moll stole this or another and the innumerable times she 'd almost gotten caught . A few incidents would have been fine , but the author seemed really taken by how these thieves scratched out their living . Given how DeFoe spent most of his life in debt , one wonders if his detail account came from of his own experience . Most of what happens to Moll Flanders while she bounced from one extraordinary event to the next stretches the threshold of believablity to the breaking point . This woman popped out so many kids and would just get up and walk away with no thought of the children-until the ONE toward the end of the story . The first half of the book caught and held my attention , but it was down hill from there .
 As far as school books go it could have been much worse.it dragged and there were too many monitorial references .
 This book is more of a story than it is actual science . The foundation and basis of the theory is assumed rather than explained .
 This book suffers from so many flaws it should be taken as a compliment to Kaku that I finished it . First , the style , while enthusiastic , is a bit murky at times ; this is not helped by the excessive length . Further , this is a cheesy popularization of physics in that it is more of a `` wow is n't physics weird '' than a cohesive explanation of physics in general.Worse , however , is the anecdotal quality of most of the book ; an entire chapter is devoted to summarizing one of Asimov 's books . Puh-lease ! If you ca n't do better than that , Kaku , stop writing books like this . The worst part of the book is that little of it is actually an exposition about multi-dimensional approaches to physics ; the beginning of the book has zero to do with physics , and the end has nothing to do with multi-dimensional physics and everything to do with social and political issues , science fiction speculation , and so forth.The - only - chapters of this book worth reading are the ones on superstring theory , which are too short and inadequate as they are . Certainly his brief surveys of QT and GR are completely worthless except to further confuse the reader . If he 'd spent more time in this book on actual scientific theory and not gushing , I would 've been impressed ; but 340 + pages for this felt like a big waste of time and money . Sure , this is sour grapes , but I wo n't make the mistake of buying another of Kaku 's books ; borrow this from the library and read the chapters on superstring theory , but do nothing more.I am sure Kaku is a brilliant guy
 I 've noticed the rave reviews -LRB- some very recent -RRB- below do n't take note of how the book was written in 1995 and is now discredited . -LRB- No discredit to Kaku personally , of course . -RRB- The various 10-Dimensional superstring theories have now been shown to be a minor part of a greater theory , 11-dimensional M-theory . No doubt Kaku will explain this too in due course , but until then remember the theory in this book 's no longer valid .
 It is a wonderful book to read about a virtual reality . It is also very good written not like Hawking ` s History of Time . On the other hand , it is more about mathematics than about physics.I believe that one can create as Leibnitz philosopher once said as many mathematical theories as you can which will be consistent and elegant but eventually have nothing to do with reallity . Kaku and other `` leading physicists '' working in other dimensions are so blind with their own ideas that do not even admit the possibility that their `` scientific work '' is only isotheric game . It is most likely lead to nothing but he is pushing to follow his -LRB- very possibly wrong treck -RRB- , descarding other important alternatives . What about his words that the modern string theory is more the faith than science ? I agree because its verification is so far from allmodern experimental facilities . It is a curious mathematical game but nothing else.If Kaku and other `` leading field physicists '' knew that there several recent indications about incompleteness and inconsistency of classical Maxwell 's electromagnetic theory than they would have a bit doubt on the completeness and overall correctness of Einsteins 's relativity based exlusively on Maxwell 's electrodynamics.First of all , physics should have very sound consistent fundamental ground and after that go further . It is not the case . In a recent few years many honest physicists started thinking about reconstruction of Maxwell 's electrodynamics . It just lead to the conclussion that there is something wrong with the notion of local field . It should be modified on its bases . Someone who does not believe that we can be on partially wrong track since Maxwell , can follow Kaku 's and other string physicists and eventually lost their life for nothing ...
 Yet another physics popularization , this one with a dose of politics . The discussion of dimensions was done better by Rudy Rucker 's book _ The Fourth Dimension _ , and the physics is explained more clearly in Kip Thorne 's book _ Black Holes and Time Warps
 I usually like books about weird science , but I have to say that this one did n't grab me -- maybe because I got to it right after reading Kip Thorne 's book on Black Holes and Time Warps . It 's ok , but did n't seem special .
 After all the good science in this book , it is surprising to see it all thrown away in chapter 9 . The author is surprised that proofs for God have lasted so long , and claims than new discoveries concerning the laws of physics and biology change this . But it is apparent the author has abandoned logic and good science to appease his own personal beliefs.The author claims that the equivalence of matter and energy -LRB- e = mc2 -RRB- proves no need for a creator , or first mover . Has he forgotton entropy ? Molecules may move forever , but they can not exist forever , energy would have so long ago disapated that life would not exist . How can one believe in the Big Bang , the creation of all that is , and still say energy and matter have no beginning?Furthmore , both science and logic dictate that something outside of the uninverse , independent of it , started it off . Apparantly the author has also ignored the overwhelming evidence for design in the universe , unatainable by chance.Despite claiming `` laws '' disprove God , the author appeals to the `` theory '' of evolution claming it proves complex life can come from primitive ones . Very few will claim that they know this is possible , logic is against it and science does n't support it . The author even invokes the famous Miller experiment that tried to show how life could have formed spontaneously on early Earth . Only problem with this is that the Miller experiment has been discredited as being an unrealistic depiction of early Earth 's atmosphere.Physics requires something independent of the universe to have started it off . Intelligent Design Theory provides overwhelming evidence that that something was an intelligent being . A more accurate study of hyperspace can be found `` The Elegant Universe '' and `` Beyond the Cosmos . ''
 Poorly constructed sentences , fuzzy descriptions , inappropriate tone , self-serving references , opinion mixed with `` fact '' - this book has it all . The book is an embarassment .
 Mr. Kaku would say that this is a fundamental fact resulting from his mathematical construction . Nothing else.If someone have had some the smallest indication that there is at least one extra dimension , I would look at these virtual ideas as at something more sound . Meanwhile we should develop a more realistic approach affin with everyday reality . Unfortunately , some of advanced modern theories predict the possibility of extradimensions . It is worse for that theories and , of course , it makes us think that something might be wrong with the previous theories -LRB- Maxwell 's , Einstein 's etc -RRB- . I do not say everything should wrong because of visible success of that theories in explaining most known phenomena . But we do not know if the explanation is the best one or if something lacks . Without that knowledge we should not develop so abstract mathematical theories , because the may have nothing common with the reality . Extra dimensions looks like a typical example of this absurd extrapolation of not fully confirmed modern theories.It is better forget about Kaku and his extravagant ideas and come back to the REAL WORLD . It would be much more fruitful for our Civilization .
 It is a wonderful book to read about a virtual reality . It is also very good written not like Hawking ` s History of Time . On the other hand , it is more about mathematics than about physics.I believe that one can create as Leibnitz philosopher once said as many mathematical theories as you can which will be consistent and elegant but eventually have nothing to do with reallity . Kaku and other `` leading physicists '' working in other dimensions are so blind with their own ideas that do not even admit the possibility that their `` scientific work '' is only isotheric game . It is most likely lead to nothing but he is pushing to follow his -LRB- very possibly wrong treck -RRB- , descarding other important alternatives . What about his words that the modern string theory is more the faith than science ? I agree because its verification is so far from allmodern experimental facilities . It is a curious mathematical game but nothing else.If Kaku and other `` leading field physicists '' knew that there several recent indications about incompleteness and inconsistency of classical Maxwell 's electromagnetic theory than they would have a bit doubt on the completeness and overall correctness of Einsteins 's relativity based exlusively on Maxwell 's electrodynamics.First of all , physics should have very sound consistent fundamental ground and after that go further . It is not the case . In a recent few years many honest physicists started thinking about reconstruction of Maxwell 's electrodynamics . It just lead to the conclussion that there is something wrong with the notion of local field . It should be modified on its bases . Someone who does not believe that we can be on partially wrong track since Maxwell , can follow Kaku 's and other string physicists and eventually lost their life for nothing ...
 Mr. Kaku would say that this is a fundamental fact resulting from his mathematical construction . Nothing else.If someone have had some the smallest indication that there is at least one extra dimension , I would look at these virtual ideas as at something more sound . Meanwhile we should develop a more realistic approach affin with everyday reality . Unfortunately , some of advanced modern theories predict the possibility of extradimensions . It is worse for that theories and , of course , it makes us think that something might be wrong with the previous theories -LRB- Maxwell 's , Einstein 's etc -RRB- . I do not say everything should wrong because of visible success of that theories in explaining most known phenomena . But we do not know if the explanation is the best one or if something lacks . Without that knowledge we should not develop so abstract mathematical theories , because the may have nothing common with the reality . Extra dimensions looks like a typical example of this absurd extrapolation of not fully confirmed modern theories.It is better forget about Kaku and his extravagant ideas and come back to the REAL WORLD . It would be much more fruitful for our Civilization .
 never received book , never received refund as promised . Getting unhappy with amazon . Ca n't even find customer service number to call .
 If you 're not yet convinced that there is a clearlink between modern physics and the Delphi Oracle , this book will probably convince you.The problem is that if you know what the author istalking about , you really think it is nuts topresent it that way , and if you do n't know , you wo n'tlearn anything.On the other hand , if you want to be on a Star Trektrip , it is fun to read . But it has nothing to dowith physics .
 I praise Kaku 's lucid literary writing style , but condemn everything else about this popular physics book . Kaku mystifies physics and makes it look like some sort of cult which deals with surreal objects such as `` hyper-dimensions '' and `` warped space '' - whatever those things mean to the average person who has n't completed his PhD in supersymmetry . Reading Kaku 's book is similar to reading a science fiction novel or watching an episode of star trek - things that have nothing to do in practice with physics . What ever happened to wondering about why the sky is blue , or how a radio works ? Geez ... if you 're into mysticism , try this book . If you 're into physics , try another .
 Scanning the reviews of `` Hyperspace '' I see that many want to give this book five stars . I find myself in the 1 - and 2-star minority . `` Hyperspace '' is the kind of book that makes people think they 've learned something without actually having done so.This is the problem with `` learning '' by analogy . The presentation of many -- perhaps most -- of the concepts covered in this book might help one learn to talk about them , but not to actually understand them . Analogy goes only so far . Experiment is the crucible and if you do n't explain the experimental and theoretical basis for results , then you have taught nothing . This is a flaw of much science writing -LRB- e.g. the second half of `` A Brief History of Time '' -RRB- . `` Hyperspace '' started out interestingly enough , but the farther it went , the more it lost its bearings . A sense of wonder is a fine stimulus , but science is more than a word game of analogies . I read the whole thing , but the time I spent reading it felt wasted .
 I have read two of his books and am convinced he has no writing skills and his popular science books are just science fiction . There is no attempt to explain hard science principles in layman terms . The books are just chatter and after two chapters I am putting all his books in the `` white elephant christmas party '' gift wraps of our department !
 If you want to be able to chat about neat physics ideas at a cocktail party and feel like you are really having an intelligent conversation about cosmology and Physics , read this book . If you want to really understand something , pick up a college physics textbook - I would recommend Feynman 's Lectures . I strongly agree with a previous reviewer that this is one of those books that while you read it , you think you have learned something when you really have not - thats the problem with analogy - it always gets bogged down in philosophy rather than real science . String Theory now more than ever seems incapable of being proven , so it is a useless theory ... it seems like many string theorists have realized this fact , so they have turned to writing books and coming up with lots of analogies to explain the inexplicable ... Without the experimental proof , this theory continues to be elegant science fiction . P.S. I am an Applied Physics grad . student in case your curious about my background
 Although `` Hyperspace '' is fairly easy to read , and does have some interesting ideas in it , it 's a little light on the science compared to other books I 've read . That might be due to the fact that the subject matter is still in the theoretical stage . But , still , much of the book is anecdotal and many of the analogies used to explain the main theories are repetitive and off-subject . Plus , the book -LRB- and the information inside -RRB- is pretty out of date . Kaku often refers to things that might happen by the year 2000 . This book is more useful for light reading than for really learning about unification theories and multi-dimensional universe models .
 If you are thinking about reading this book then PLEASE consider reading Brian Greene 's `` The Elegant Universe '' instead . It does a much better job on string theory and it is more current with the latest scoop on the second superstring revolution.The second half of Hyperspace is light on content . There is a lot of filler . After reading it , I thought that it was because there was not much else in the way of superstring theory advances . Hyperspace is truly outdated because of its '94 print date . The second superstring revolution began in 1995 which means you are missing out on a number of recent advances . Greene 's book gives you the full history of string theory plus the most recent work which was much more fufilling .
