 I saved my job by reading this book . One of my co-workers and I were having a difficult time getting along . I loved my job , but this friction between the two of us was really starting to bug me and although the job market is tight right now , I had decided to float my resume around and see what was out there.BUt , I went to the bookstore and saw CRUCIAL CONFRONTATIONS . It had so much great advice on how to deal with confrontation in a positive way . By using the books advice , I was able to `` confront '' my co-worker and I realized we really were not that far apart in opinions ... we just expressed them differently . It would be a stretch to say that we will be best friends , but I do think we have reached a common ground and I no longer feel the need to leave my job.Go buy this book if you are have difficulty in your job . marriage or family ... It is worth every penny .
 Nice
 Although confrontation is difficult for many people , it is often necessary . Failure to confront someone over bad behavior may be misinterpreted as approval . Confrontations can help bring people back to a better , more productive course . However , confrontations also can go off track and become shouting matches -LRB- or worse -RRB- . Authors Kerry Patterson , Joseph Grenny , Ron McMillan and Al Switzler outline a method for approaching confrontations when the stakes are particularly high ; those are the crucial confrontations . Boiled down to its essentials , the methodology consists of focusing on facts , remaining calm , listening to the other person with respect and working to motivate the other person and to enable a change in behavior . The book is light , anecdotal and easy to read . Yet , we find that it offers so much sound advice that any manager , parent or spouse could find something useful .
 Easy to read and follow , a bit repetitive but not annoyingly so , this book touches on so many confrontation styles and how to have them more effectively . I thought I was pretty good at confrontations but I learned that I still could use some work . There are some really great practical ideas that can be used for home and work environments . Coming out of silence and confronting people in a honest and non-threatening way can make all of our lives easier . This is a great tool for supervisors , leaders and line workers as well as parents and couples . I think everyone would benefit from reading this book . Once I 'm done with my class I will be passing it around the office to whoever is interested .
 Ever wonder what you could have done differently to help a situation before it degraded into hurt feelings and an uncomfortable work environment ? This book uses real life examples to illustrate exactly the approach that can be taken to elevate yourself and your coworkers to create real success . Crucial Confrontations is easy to read because the examples are entertaining and we can all relate to them . It was a favorite boss of mine that got me my copy , and I 've gifted this book to family members . It is just too helpful to put into practice , with too great a payoff to pass up .
 I liked the book and definitely picked up on tools for working thru violated expectations . Everyone could take away and use something from this book . Well worth the $ s spent .
 This book is full of useful ideas that are easy to apply . It helped me out so much -LRB- even during my first crucial confrontation -RRB- and is a must-read . Ca n't wait to get my hands on the other book from these authors , `` Crucial Conversations '' .
 The simply truth is that not all conversations are created equally - some are simply more important than others . Additionally , some are more confrontational than others regardless if those contentious talks are occurring within a team , organization or family environment . In the book , `` Crucial Confrontations '' the authors help the reader avoid the common mistakes and missteps that are built into issue-laden discussions . Soundview recommends this read because it provides useful information to handle a wide range of sticky confrontations including
 This is a book for anyone who is in a management position
 The book provides an excellent methodology for addressing issues in both my business and private life . I thought it very helpful with completing my performance reviews for both high and low performers .
 I appreciate the books a great deal . They are wonderful tools for improving communication , which is something we all need , and especially when the stakes are high . Great book .
 This is a very helpful book.The writing is a bit rough , but the message is essential.If you are ready to put in some real work to relationshops and improve them , this book gives you some useful tools.Highly recomend it .
 I had a wonderful time reading the book -LRB- and taking notes -RRB- . It reminded me of the multiple occasions in which I have failed for lack of skills , but also showed me that there is a methodology to follow next time I have to confront a violated expectation -LRB- probably within the next five minutes -RRB-
 exceeded my expectations ... a must read for all those seeking practical strategies to lessen the ` drama ' in face-to-face accountability discussions .
 In Crucial Confrontations these 4 author/practitioners continue on the Crucial Conversation path . They begin with definitions of terms , move to concrete examples and provide useful tools for improving dialogue in tough situations , in all aspects of life and work.The ability to have a tool for measuring your abilities in holding crucial confrontations is appealing as we all like to know where we stand . They also offer lots of tools on their website that supports this current work - www.crucialconfrontations.comThere are no absolutes for how we hold crucial confrontations and these 4 authors provide a template from which to work so that anyone can be successful . Authentic , Credible and great to know you are not alone in this navigation toward improved communications .
 I read this when it was first published and then bought it for each staff member as one of our required primers . I also gave one to each of my Board members . If there is one book I wish had existed 30 years ago , this is it .
 I gave this book to a friend who was always having trouble communicating with his spouse of 15 years . After he read it and used the techniques , his wife said it was like falling in love with him all over again.This book , even if only skimmed , improves communication skills a hundred-fold . If anything , it helps you understand the importance of discussing a sensitive issue and gives you the confidence to bring it up . Afterwards , I 'm always glad I did .
 This is the best book ever concerning the subject of conflict resolution . Incidentally , Crucial Conversations by the same authors is also excellent . The book is well-written and full of examples which support the reasoning and arguments presented by the authors . A must read for everyone interested in the above subject . In my opinion , great books are the ones which make me change my attitudes towards life and people . The above book made me accept that I had a poor vision regarding both life and people .
 Working in a very diverse environment with individuals from all walks of life and varying ages , I found this book very useful . I keep it with me and scroll through it now and again . Very good information tips and tools for today 's working , parents , children , etc. . The concepts can be applied no matter what hat your wearing whether its at home with family and friends or at work.Easy read , good examples.I would recommend it
 This is the most practical and best researched book on conflict resolution . On my top 10 best management/leadership books . Must read !
 I admit to having a hot temper , but with these informational steps , I have become less confrontational ... great aide in getting things your way
 great book all people should read to get along in the world . use the information in all relationships in my life and things are much more rational and I am more at ease with discussions .
 I believe that these tools teaching the skills for handling crucial confrontations should be taught early on in our development . Families and organizations would benefit tremendously . We 'd probably have less depression , higher self esteem , and more productivity in the entire country . Would n't that be something ?
 This book relates to people that remember small town life . Families all worked together and helped their neighbors . Each citizen was important ! Nothing has really changed in this seaside town , even the names are the same .
 There was one another 50 's icon who rivals Marilyn in popularity today -- Bettie Page . True , she did n't make any A-movies , but like Marilyn , embodied that woman who drew a fine line between good girl/bad girl and crossed the lines as easily as one drank Coca-Cola . Unlike Marilyn , Bettie survived , but like Marilyn , her legend lives on for one simple reason
 Within moments after my wife proposed gifting this book to our business partner last Spring , I seized it for myself . She had run across the only copy left in one of those funky shops which cater to the growing interest in cultural icons.The authors , Karen Essex and James L. Swanson , render a definitive biography of one of the most enigmatic figures of our memory . Their slick 288 page paperback version lovingly portrays the images and life of Bettie page . You can take this book two ways : On the coffee table , it presents a seductive collection of family photographs and pulp covers documenting the pin-up icon.In bed , it seduces you to learn about the studious young woman who triumphed over family heartbreak to become a legend.In the Fifties , I was one of the multitude of pre-adolescent boys who furtively witnessed her near-perfect body and impish smile - without knowing who she was . Now , more than forty years since her last session , Essex and Swanson answer some of the questions and heap on plenty of deja vu in the process.The authors expose a life of someone who is noble and genuine . The `` real '' Bettie Page turns out to as fascinating as her ubiquitous image . Secretarial stints , jobs in Hati , persistent self-improvement and disappointing husbands propel her into a series of vicissitudes worthy of a Henry Fielding novel . Amid the rich and varied photographs , drawings and memorabilia , Essex and Swanson weave an engaging tale of someone quite surprising . Her guileless and genuine approach to life are almost Zen-like when viewed from our age of media hype and agents . Here is the story of a bright , beautiful , autonomous loner who deals directly with her life , shunning pretense , flattery and victimhood.The Bettie Page you discover in this book , as her beautiful visage , is both accessible and mysterious.Maybe I 'll follow through with the gift idea my wife had last Spring .
 I have been looking for hard to find pictures and information about Betty Page for many years . A friend gave me this book and I was amazed . The pictures are top-notch quality , and the text is precise and in-depth . The book shows how Betty Page influenced Art and America , as well as other artists 's use of her looks for their own style . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to anyone with even the slightest of interests in Betty Page or Pin-up Girls
 This is the definitive book on the life and all too short career of Bettie . After reading this facinating book , I feel like I know Bettie . If you are a Bettie fan -LRB- read
 This is the ultimate book on Bettie Page . This book is for every true Bettie fan . Even contains an introduction from Bettie herself.If you really want to follow the history of legend , this is the ultimate book on Betty Mae Page !
 So said one of her photographers . What a marvelous book . If you 're like me , and have been a Bettie fan for years , you 've been waiting for this book . For years one could find stuff on her only in comic shops and the like , dealing in old memorabilia from the Fifties , or in various `` alternative '' shops that sold her image on T shirts . As a teen that 's where I learned about her , thanks to `` The Rocketeer , '' the comic `` The Bettie Pages , '' and psychobilly trash-punk band the Cramps , who for a short time had a bass player the spittin ' image of our fair maiden . Now that we 've finally opened our eyes , we can buy several books on her , this being by far the best . It is the ne plus ultra of Bettiebooks , of pin-up books in general . What a trend-setter ; a humble , troubled , open and honest woman who was not exploited , who has not turned herself into a PC victim -- she 's idolized by smart , hip young women who see in her freedom , sexuality , playfullness , life itself . This book had better be reprinted -- it 's an absolute crime to be unavailable . Get this book by any means necessary !
 After years of seclusion , most of the secrets of , by and about Bettie Page are revealed in this well-composed and long overdue profile of the most photographed model in history.Ms . Page may still wonder at the inspiration and sensation -LRB- and consternation from members of Congress -RRB- she caused in the mid-1950 's ... what this book clearly does , is testify as to why her image is still sought after by fans and collectors.Easy , lively reading and plenty of pictures rates this as the best book available on the Page rage .
 I bought this book for my husband 's birthday last year ; he has always thought Bettie Page was great , and he is the one who enlightened me about her . As an artist , I was drawn to her style and unpretentiousness , and have drawn her twice so far.This book is well-written and leads the reader through Bettie 's life ; from her start and to her present day in a respectful and fascinating manner . I came away from this book understnanding the appeal she had to men , and wanting to draw her portraits over and over .
 Pictures , pictures , pictures . It makes a grown man cry , butthe Story is `` remarkably '' the best part of the book.The history and life of Betty Page has never been laid outbetter on paper ... and oh , that face ! It is definitive from cover to cover and her life story andmysterious disappearance are all answered by Betty herself.Could you get better facts , the answer is no . I thought someof the photography could have been left on the cutting room floor though.It seems during the fetish photo shoots the actual quality andcontent of the pictures was third rate.She is a great icon and fastly becoming a cult superstar , if you want or had to know more about the legendthis is the only book you would need.Marilyn Monroe fans eat your hearts out.The first Queen of pin-ups is here .
 For men of a certain age , Bettie Page was one of the most beautiful women of the 1950 's Era . She was n't a big Hollywood movie star , but she represented the dream girl next door . She was beautiful but more than that , she was nice . She may have posed for pin-up pictures in bikinis , skimpy underwear and nude , but she looked like she was playing at the job . If the picture was a fetish photo she appeared to be giggling , or at least about to giggle at the absurdity of the poses she was being photographed in . She was just as happy posing for a mostly male photography club at a public beach as she was posing for professional photographer . She typified the amateur fun loving model . She was beautiful but refused to take her beauty seriously . Her big , warm smile would light a dark room . Her happiness was contagious . She just was . Posing for pin-up pictures was fun for her.It was good clean fun , not anything dirty or unseemly . She was like Eve in the Garden of Eden being tempted by the serpent but coming through the temptations untouched and with snapshots to prove it . She was a great play actor enjoying herself while being the center of attention and mildly teasing men through her photographic persona . Some of the men 's imaginations may have been in the gutter , but that was n't her fault . She was happy little Miss Sunshine.She was a nature girl . She was a sun worshipper and everyone at the time believed she was a happy nudist and she was n't at all shy about showing her healthy body . Cameras loved Bettie . This is one of the best collections of her work that has been published . Most of the pulp magazines she appeared in are in the final process of dissolving because of the cheap sulfur filled paper they were printed on . Here is a well done , high quality coffee table collection of many of the magazine covers on which the image of her smile and healthy body graced.It 's nice to see that the Bettie Page hairdo is becoming popular again 60 years after she made it famous . This book will send men of the 1950 's back to their dreamy youth and the innocence that was the United States before Vietnam and the radical 1960 's changed America forever . Long live Bettie Page via the art and cartoon icon she has since become and which is also documented in this excellent bit of visual history . It 's nice to read and see what Bettie thought about her world as well . The hand written introduction from her was a nice touch . The long-hand note seems so Bettie Page .
 This is an outstanding summary of Bettie 's life and her impact on modeling , art , pin-up , photography , and those needing encouragement in overcoming obstacles . The book is a nice way to learn about Bettie Page and those individuals she worked with during her career and growing up . It stops short of telling about recent events , but gives one a good understanding of the lady . The information is factual and well written . Much speculation has been made about the time she walked away through the present , but this is a nice account with the facts that we know to be true without the speculation . The pictures within this book are amazing and many wo n't be seen anywhere else . The information about those individuals she touched , encountered was interesting as well . Good read .
 It 's hard to believe it is almost 16 years since this fantastic BP hardcover debuted . Very well written with tons of great pics from chidhood up till the late 1950 's -LRB- I would guess -RRB- , this publication to date is the standard the pretenders are to be measured against . That being said , it is not perfect but close . In 1995 there was still a lot of the whole Bettie Page story that was n't known , specifically from the late 50 's forward . For more on that Richard Foster has written the Real Bettie Page which appeared a few years later . Still The Life of a Pin-Up Legend delivers on so many levels . It brings us the Modelling pics , the fetish pics the & home photos as well . This BP source throws the net deep & brings in so many examples of artists , models , actresses & movies that have borrowed from the Bettie aura . Really up till this book came out very little if any cash came back to the legend that made it all possible . Karen Essex & James Swanson have zeroed in on what about Bettie made her special . The bulk of this book centers on the fifties -LRB- though other time frames are dealt with accordingly -RRB- when all the good stuff went down as well as some bad . A very positive read , I really liked it . There was a lot of work that went into this book , it really shows from page 1 to 288 . Visually Bettie became every Man 's dream girl . Her expressions , movements , posing & improvisation put her in a category no one else belonged & that was what all the fuss was about . Femme Fatales magazine did a superb double issue tribute to Bettie as well a number of years ago , that would make a good companion to this HC . The writers of the Life of a Pin-Up Legend know their core audience & I think emphasized the highlights of an icon through words & Pictures very well . An absolute steal at $ 40 US back in the day but worth whatever seems reasonable , this is one product you will treasure & come back to time & again , I know I have & it never gets old , my highest recommendation !
 Based on her theosophic and new thought principles , these poems had tremendous influence on helping people to come into a sense of personal power and independence . Truly a most inspirational woman !
 As best as I can remember , I read most of the Bible at age 10 -LRB- I am now 68 -RRB- and became an atheist . When I was in graduate school -LRB- English -RRB- , I found myself in a seminar on Milton . We were directed to review a book on Milton and present it to the class . Although the class and professor were highly esteemed , I was quickly deciding that a doctorate in English led directly to the `` Night of the Living Dead . '' Dejectedly wandering through the University of Washington Library stacks I chanced upon Empson 's MILTON 'S GOD . After glancing through a bit of the book , I realized I had encountered a masterful icon smasher -LRB- my main goal all through my life -RRB- and seized the book with glee.When Empson identified `` God '' as a bully , I thought , `` OF COURSE ! '' I felt that my atheism -LRB- never pallid or wimpy -RRB- had suddenly been turbo charged . I 've been meaning to get around to re-reading this book for many years . As I get old , I am not sure I will actually read it againt before I die , but my intentions are bad and there is still a very warm place in my heart for it.As far as I can tell , all versions of God -LRB- which I without doubt regard as inventions of human beings -RRB- contain strong elements of bullying -LRB- though some believers are trying to clean up their act -RRB- . I am glad God does not exist ; if he did exist , he would clearly be a monster.When I made my report to the graduate seminar with youthful arrogance and sarcasm -LRB- a disgusting trait I have never lost -RRB- , the professor stared at me aghast -LRB- with a look I can only recall as conveying `` WTF ... God , why did you throw this monster into my class ? -RRB- though he said not much of anything , and actually passed me -LRB- in hope he would never see me again ... which came true as I dropped out of grad school in disgust -RRB- . However , one fellow student -LRB- obviously an evangelical Christian -RRB- looked at me with kind sadness and gently said , `` If I were you , I would not be so sure there is no God . '' This of course is just another formulation of `` Pascal 's Wager '' ; the universal argument that fervent Christians like to use to scare us atheists into fearing `` God the bully . `` I 've always thought , if that is what God is , it 's my duty to burn in Hell . Satan had a point , when you think about it .
 A lovely book . The title may mislead - it 's really what I would think of as large-scale boxes , carcass work . Old and new designs , from blanket chests to campaign chests . Usually enough photos of each piece to give a real sense of it , too . -LRB- I hate feeling like I 've missed seeing 2/3 of what 's there . -RRB-
 I really enjoy this book . I am a woodworker / furniture maker and I read a lot of this style of book . The author does a fantastic job of illustrating each box and providing a bit of background on each box . The photos are all in color and very well composed.The boxes range from a tea box recovered from the harbor at the Boston Tea Party to HO Studley 's over-the-top tool chest to a standard GI foot locker.The book is well-organized . There is little wood working technique described so if you are looking for a how-to book , this ai n't the book for you . However , the author briefly describes uncommon techniques such as lapstrake construction -LRB- common in shipbuilding but almost unheard of in furniture making -RRB- .
 This book is truly enjoyable to read.It is a beautiful `` coffee table '' book -- after all , who is n't intrigued by antique treasure chests and other historical boxes.I really enjoyed the history behind the various boxes types , and learned a lot about the benefits of the different construction types .
 I ordered this book from Russia . Relying on the lack of such books in our country , it is really valuable material . I 'm glad i have it now and strongly advise you to purchase one . Best wishes !
 I loved looking at this book . It covered a lot of variety of types of chests and provided interesting historical and culture facts , as well as personal stories for specific chests . The pictures to text ratio is perfect . I wish there was a little more information on consrtuction -- there was some useful information on types of construction for the wood itself , but I would have liked to see information on materials/woods used , latches , locks , handles , and strapping/corners . Still , I am very happy with my purchase .
 Good basic Box and Chest book excellent colour photos that can lead to inspiration so for that reason alone it 's worth the price . Great for a beginner or someone looking for uncomplicated boxes or chests to build .
 I bought this as an inspiration for my wife who makes boxes . We both love the book and have come away with some great ideas !
 Book was great and a nice read ... but the cover was dirty , do n't know why Amazon would sell a dirty book .
 The conclusion to this series lived up to the promise of the first book and far surpassed the second.The `` scards '' of `` Exiles of ColSec '' and `` The Caves of Klydor '' are back -- but this time , they 've got a spaceship and a mission ! `` ColSec Rebellion '' chronicles their trials and tribulations on their return to Earth .
 I read this book when I was 11 and it was a great introduction to science fiction . I still own a copy , although it 's ratty from being dropped in the bathtub and carried around for the past 14 years .
 This is the final book in the ColSec triology , a middle-school level sci-fi series . The first two books are Exiles of ColSec and The Caves of Klydor . In the future , Earth is controlled by a repressive government that sends criminals and dissidents into exile on other planets . These exiles are assigned to different planets to form colonies by ColSec -LRB- short for Colonization Section -RRB- . The government then reaps the benefits of whatever resources the colonists find or produce . However , the colonists have been plotting to take their destinies into their own hands.Cord MaKiy and his friends hijack a ColSec ship and return to Earth to gather allies for the rebellion against Earth 's government , called The Organization . They turn to the societies that they came from , little groups of outcasts on the fringes of Earth 's society . Cord 's people , the Highlanders who live in the wild areas of Scotland without modern technology , welcome them , and many of the young people are interested in joining the colonies , seeing other worlds , and living in freedom . Similarly , the rebels find more friends among the Vampires , the youth gang that lives in the Bunkers -LRB- what 's left of the old subway system under London -RRB- . However , the Streeters -LRB- a youth gang in the Chicago area -RRB- are a different story . Although many of them want to escape their little hideouts in the urban jungle called Limbo , their leader , Tuller , is unwilling to give up his relatively comfortable position of power . When he betrays the rebels to the government , the others have to decide where they stand and if they 're willing to take the risks necessary to gain their freedom.This is a fun series , and readers will cheer on Cord and his friends as they struggle to gain independence for themselves and others considered rejects by society .
 Tom Bodett 's latest opus is a slender volume , and in fact it 's really a longish novella . It has the same tone and pacing of his End of the Road tales.The story concerns two young adolescent siblings , September and Ivan Crane . They live in the `` bush '' of Alaska , the wild and untamed areas far from power lines and telephone hookups . Their father , a commercial fisherman , must of necessity leave the children unattended for weeks at a stretch.They stay in touch via radio communication , at least until Ivan fries the transceiver . Now , the kids have only a week to make enough money to repair the radio before Dad calls again . That means trips across Bag Bay , and in the autumn of the year , the dreaded , violent storms known as williwaw can spring up at a moment 's notice . One such storm claimed the children 's mother seven years before.For a mainstream novel such as this , I was surprised at the total absence of any objectionable material . This book could fit very comfortably of a middle-school library shelf -- and yet it is not a `` children 's '' book . This is a book for any reader who enjoys a page-turner .
 This is a strong message book - with the message being that even teenagers have to have moral character and live or die by their word . It 's a story that is timeless , but is told like a folk tale , with country aphorisms and speckled with crusty old timers and real life problems . A good book for all ages , but particularly appealing to teenagers who should be able to relate to the problems of the teens in this story .
 Hello Parents , I was recently having a brief conversation with a friend , and I realized that many of us as parents are probably experiencing , and in some cases struggling with , the same issues related to assigned book reports for school . Issues like children procastinating to read the selected book , complete a written report , or prepare for oral report , etc.Last year , a serious reading comprehension problem was recognized for my son . He did not enjoy reading AT ALL . His book selections were lower level grade reading . Unless a book at his grade level had been made into a movie -LRB- i.e. , Harry Potter , Holes -RRB- , he did not enjoy reading it . I realize now that after seeing the movie , he could then more readily visualize the storyline as he read the book.This fall , my husband accompanied our son to the San Ramon Library to select a book for a 6th grade book report . Coincidentally , a book by Tom Bodett was on display in the library . Yes , Tom `` We 'll leave the porch light on for you '' Bodett . As it turned out , it was an excellent selection . The plot is about siblings , 12 and 13 years old , and the choices they make while left alone . The book `` Williwaw ! '' The book report was a success.During the holidays , I purchased `` Williwaw ! '' because my son enjoyed it so much , I knew he would read it over and over . I also purchased another book by Mr. Bodett , `` Norman Tuttle on the Last Frontier . '' The oral book report that he is preparing for now was written completely on his own -- two pages , let me repeat , completely on his own ! Success again ! Norman is a teenager growing up in Alaska.I highly recommend you check out these books . And if you do , I hope you have the same success as my son . I know we 'll be checking out other books by Tom Bodett . Thank you Mr. Bodett !
 Williwaw!By
 Absolutely charming book , great for all grade levels . I usually run for the gory , werewolfie or anne boleynesque books , but it was refreshing to pick up something sweet AND interesting for a change . Buy this for the MG reader in your life , but read it for yourself first !
 Ok , the kids accused me of reading it because its full of boats , dories , fishing boats , rowboats , skiffs , mailboats etc and they are right . But I liked it most because it showed the kids thinking and the dangers of not trusting your brain when you are in trouble and the way out is not by getting into more trouble.The kids , before committing to read it , also wanted to know that no dogs die , and no one dies in the story . They are sick of stories where the main character or their dog dies . So there are dead people mentioned in the book , a dead mother , but she 's long gone by the time the story starts.Anyway I liked it . The depiction of being out in the storm was very true to life , as was the actions of the kids .
 This book was great . I live in the bush in Alaska and even homeschool . I could really relate to this story . Mr Bodett did a wonderful job describing the area and storms .
 `` Hey , Berger , did you hear on the news about the big blow up at Port Vixen last night it was a real whopper ! Williwaw they say . '' Ivan , September , and their dad live in Steamer Cove . Their dad , a fisherman , is delayed at sea for another two weeks . While Dad is at sea he gives his children two rules :1 . Do not play Tech Patrol 2 . Do not go out into Bag Bay.Tech Patrol is the newest video game around Bag Bay . Ivan is bored while his dad gone , and can not resist playing Tech Patrol . When Ivan figures out the radio and video game use the same type of battery , he uses the radio 's battery to play the video game . Ivan burns out both the radios they usually use including the emergency radio . He has broken one rule . Now he will have to break the other to fix the radios before his dad returns . Ivan should have never played Tech Patrol because he has now put his sisters life and his life in danger.Tom Boddett has excellent character development , pacing , and uses realistic dialogue . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes survival stories and The Wanderer by Sharon Creech . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 . Tom Bodett - the `` We 'll leave the light on '' Motel 6 guy - wrote and performs this cautionary tale of respect for the whims of Nature for kids and their parents . Part `` slice of life '' in the Alaskan `` bush , '' part sociology - can `` bush '' and `` town '' kids find common ground and interests ? and also a warning on why kids should listen to grown-ups -LRB- all these years and we really HAVE learned something ;--RRB- , this captivating adventure will while away the hours whilst travelling .
 Quiet introspective dependable Liz . Beautiful popular dominating Anna . After a debilitating accident two sisters redefine their relationship , uncover family mystery , find selves . Memorable characters.Author is great storyteller ! Wish Amazon had her other ` family drama ' books listed .
 I bought this book in Dharamsala , I hope it is also available on the Web.The book is very short and reasonably concise . Considering its length , it has two major strengths :1 . It concludes with excercises paralleling Reiky II . The comparison of the practice of Kundalini -LRB- e.g. through Hatha yoga -RRB- to the manipulation of Ki , especially in Reiky , is IMO a very important one . The more angles this esoteric topic is shown through , the better the understanding . Kudos to Ravindra Kumar .2 . Many excercises are given in this booklet that yoga practitioners would define as peripheral to mainstream -LSB- Hatha -RSB- yoga practice . However , Since Kundalini is all about taking the best out of each type of yoga , this makes for a really wonderful -- better still , irreplacable -- anthology . You simply ca n't cover more topics than that without a guru.To conclude , this book complements Hiroshi Motoyama 's `` Theories of the Chakras '' , with its impressive chakra-opening-guide appendix by Swami Satyananda.The book `` All You Wanted to Know About Hatha Yoga '' by the same author is also recommended . It 's very handy , and Hatha yoga is , well , probably very good for you .
 I made the mistake of buying one book as a gift . I 'd heard how good Ruby Ann 's books are , and I have a pal that is a big Martha Stewart fan , so I ordered this book for her . When it arrived I started to wrap it up , but paused to glance at it . The pictures caught my eye and after just one page I was hooked . Not only did n't I wrap the book , I took it to my bedroom to keep for myself on the nightstand . I first tried to read it as fast as I could before our gift exchange , but with each page my feeling of personal possession grew stronger . I ended up having to buy a second copy to give to my pal , and additional copies to give to my other friends as well . The lesson here is that if you plan on giving `` Ruby Ann 's Down Home Trailer Park Guide to Livin ' Real Good '' as a gift , do n't open it up , or just pick up two copies , one for the gift and one for you . I 've already told all my friends to get me her other books this year . Now if they just come through . Ruby Ann Boxcar is 100 % fall-out-of-the-bed-with-laughter funny regardless if you live in a trailer or not .
 After seeing Ruby Ann on the John Walsh Show , I ran out and picked up her `` Livin ' Real Good '' book to give as a gift to my mother in-law . Before I wrapped it up I thought I should give it a quick read just to make sure it was actually something my mother in-law would enjoy . I ended up reading the entire book , and decided to keep it myself . I have n't laughed like this since I read my first Erma Bombeck book . Ms. Boxcar had me in tears . To be honest , I did n't know what to expect . She had been funny as all get out when she cooked on John Walsh , but I was n't sure if this was a cookbook or just what . Well , let me tell you that it is not a cookbook . She does have a few recipes in it , but for the most part , with her tips on make-up , gardening , decorating , tipping , dining out , entertaining , and money matters just to name a few chapters , it is more of a Martha Stewart type book with a sense of humor . For example , who else but Ruby Ann would think to make a bird feeder and a matching birdbath out of old tires and trashcan lids ? The Elvis shrine made from an old pop bottle is a must for any Elvis fan . And I bet you wo n't find a gingerbread trailer home how to in any of Martha 's books . The only bad thing about this book is that it will make you want to go out and buy all her other books . Did I mention I 'm hooked on Ruby Ann Boxcar ? As you can guess , every adult on my shopping list is getting one of her books this year including my father in-law who loves to grill -LRB- He gets her `` BBQ Cookbook '' -RRB- . So basically I will be giving the best gift anyone can give , the gift of laughter . As for my mother in-law , she is getting the entire set . I have a feeling that after this Christmas I will become her favorite daughter in-law . My only hope is that Ms. Boxcar keeps writing more books so my gift giving will be this easy every year .
 After seeing Ruby Ann on the John Walsh Show I ordered her book . My mother was over at the time and Ms. Boxcar had both of us in tears from laughter . So as soon as the show was over both my mother and I ordered her book , I purchased this one and my mother purchased `` Ruby Ann 's Down Home Trailer Park Cookbook '' . Can I say that the books were even better then she was on TV . My mother and I could n't put them down . And the funny thing is that neither of us has ever lived in a trailer park , but we still get the jokes and the humor . Eventually we swapped books with each other . All I can say is that both books were pure pleasure , and the food is pretty good as well . My mother and I have already ordered all her other books and soon we will have two sets , one for me and one for my mother . We ca n't wait for our next Ruby Ann fix . If you enjoy eating as well as laughing , then this book is a must .
 This is the book you sit down and read any part you wnat when you want a good laugh . After that you pick up one of her cook books and see if you can match her creations . Just a easy , fun , laugh .
 Anything Ruby Ann publishes is worth reading . Her take on the world is worth a million laughs . The comments she makes about her make believe trailer park neigbors and the food she makes are a kick . Her books are a fun read !!!!
 I bought three copies of this book as funny Christmas presents , and they were a big hit . One of the people I gave it to , just after opening it , began to read several small sections aloud to the rest of us , and it was very entertaining .
 The finest book on Amazon.com ! If I could give it 6 stars , I would . Ruby Ann has enlightened me on the finer things of life - how to make a gingerbread trailer for special guest kinda entertainin ' ; a cigarette butt Christmas tree - no festive Yuletide is complete without one or two in the ol' double-wide ; a macaroni picture frame - the perfect gift to show your family and friends that you truly care!As if all this was n't enough , Ruby Ann delights us with the comings and goings -LRB- and occasional gossip -RRB- of the denizens of the High Chapparel Trailer Park.Pity there are no trailer parks here in NYC -LRB- well , perhaps the Manhattan Plaza qualifies as a high-rise trailer park -RRB- . People up here need to know the gadzillion uses for cream of mushroom soup and duct tape . I do n't know about you ; but , I prefer my car on cinder blocks in the front yard and my broken old washin ' machine right there on the front porch.Let 's just say this is Ruby Ann 's homage to the Red States and leave it at that .
 I had this book when I was about 12 or 13 years old and loved it then and reread it , over and over again . I have spent years trying to find it again as an adult then went to Amazon and was thrilled to find it again . Thank you , still love it and is a good read .
 I found the beginning to be interesting , albeit kind of sad . But when it turned to what I guess is an opiate trip , it got downright creepy . Gave me nightmares.I 'd heard of it forever and I 'm glad I read it . But I would not read it again .
 Newtype and Animage are my favorite anime mags , and now I get to read the amazing FSS manga that appeared in them ! For years I stared at the pictures and tried to imagine what they were saying to each other ... well , not any more . Now I get to read about the adventures of the Headliners , Fatimas , and the Emperor , all in English!This is a must for any manga collector to have , serious or not ! You wo n't regret it !
 Noel Perrin is great . I love all his books about living the simple , back-to-the-land rural life written by someone who is not quite an outsider and not quite an insider .
 Noel Perrin is great . I love all his books about living the simple , back-to-the-land rural life written by someone who is not quite an outsider and not quite an insider .
 I really have to give this author credit , as far as being able to be so objective in writing about her cousin 's killers , and the police detectives who forced a confession from her innocent brother . The book presents its facts on the case , leaving us to our own conclusions . What is so ironic about the case is that the cousins were going to the Old Chain of Rocks Bridge to read an anti-racism poem written by one of the victims , only to be brutally murdered by a gang of the minorities that she was probably referring to.A very fast and good read .
 About 10 years ago I became a real fan of the true crime genre . I was on a flight from Puerto Rico to Los Angeles and bad weather delayed our flight in Dallas and I had to spend the night in a hotel at the expense of American Airlines . I did n't have a book with me so I wandered into the magazine store of the airport which had maybe 20 books on a rack . One of them was by Ann Rule . I had never bought or read a true crime book in my life , but this one almost kept me up all night and through the plane ride into LA the next day.I have read a lot of true crime books since then , including all of Ann Rule 's books -LRB- she is the Queen of True Crime after all -RRB- , but it was n't until last night when I stayed up reading A Rip in Heaven , that I felt I had found a book that I literally did n't want to put the book down.Others here have described the story and it is incredible , particularly the part of the surviving victim who gets accused by the police of the horrific crimes on no evidence.I write instead to defend the author , Jeanine Cummins ' writing style and her decision to write in the third person . Although she was a first time author when this book was published I found her writing to be fluid and compelling . I also thing the third person approach was an excellent way to bring a bit of objectivity to the story.Highly recommended .
 I do n't often get teary-eyed from reading a book . I did for this one.I also ususally read several books at a time . A chapter from this one , a couple of chapters from that one , etc. . Not this time . I could n't put this one down until I 'd finished it.This is the story of the murder of two young women in St. Louis a little over 10 years ago and the horrible aftermath of the tragedy . The author is the victims ' cousin and she is a powerful writer.GET THIS BOOK !
 This is a well-written thriller that kept my attention from start to finish . An excellent book !
 I read this book in one day . That 's a big deal for me . I thought the author did a fantastic job .
 I thought the author paid a wonderful tribute to her 2 cousins and did a great service to victims of violent crimes and their families . The story is heart wrenching and terribly sad , yet at the same time , it makes you feel that Julie and Robin would have been proud of their family members and what they have done to bring into the light the injustices that a victim 's family often endures in the media and in the justice system . Although I did not personally know the victims , I think they would have been proud to know that , in the end , their lives were bigger than their limited years . I highly recommend this book .
 I could not put this book down ! The story is riveting and heartbreaking , and the writing is fantastic -- this reads like a novel more than a true crime . I felt like I was right there as the horrifying events unfold , and as the family deals with the tragedy and the injustices that follow . What I admired most is how the author , herself in the center of the story , manages to be so generous in its telling . We go into the heads and viewpoints of each family member as well as the four killers , and as a result we get a nuanced , thoughtful and balanced portrait of that fateful night and resulting tragedy . The killers are living breathing men whose lives and personalities converge to create this crime -- a senseless tragedy that robs the world of two amazing , spirited young women . The author calls the book her `` personal memory stone '' to her cousins , and it 's a beautiful , heartbreaking tribute .
 I remember when this happened near my home in St. Louis . The murders of Julie and Robin Kerry were front page news . This book gives the details from the family 's perspective , from the personalities of the victims , to the inexcusable idiocy of the police investigation . It also gives an eyewitness account of how these young women died needlessly at the hands of violent thugs . Once you begin reading this book , you wo n't be able to put it down until you 've finished it ! Possibly the best book I have read in years .
 In this third-person narrative , Jeanine Cummins describes her family 's horrendous experience with murder and its aftermath . While on a visit with his family to St. Louis , the author 's brother , Tom Cummins , meets up with his teenage cousins Julie and Robin for a last-minute , after-hours jaunt . They end up at an old , abandoned bridge called The Chain of Rocks . It spans the Mississippi River , and that 's where their nightmare begins.After viewing a poem -LRB- ironically , about human unity and peace -RRB- that Julie has grafitied on the bridge , the cousins encounter four young hoodlums who are feeling restless and `` ready to hunt . '' The cousins ' innocent and friendly conversation with these strangers provides a strong counterpoint to the sudden brutality with which they are attacked . A sense of the surreal pervades the rest of the story , as it follows the struggles of the cousins and their family 's ongoing ordeal.In penning this very personal story , Jeanine Cummins has done a remarkable job
 Jeanine Cummins reads like a dream -- seemingly effortless , splendidly scintillating , her prose carefully drawn
 The pacing of the book seemed a little uneven with the book starting out slowly . But the pace picked up and I think the author did a good job of connecting us to the victims of the crime and putting us right there at the scene with them.Even though the author is related to the victims , she did a fair job of background and perspective on the perpetrators of the crime . A significant amount of the book is devoted to aftermath of the event to help explain the impact on the victims.overall this is a quite well done book for a first work from a young author .
 This was truly a riveting and interesting book . I could not put it down . The author had me in tears through parts of the book and laughing in other parts . It is a very thought provoking book and is a very wonderful tribute to the victims in this true story !
 Although this is a true crime book and heartbreaking , it is also a heartwarming story . The love and concern Ms. Cummins had for her brother and cousins radiated from the pages as she told the story of the death of her cousins and near death of her brother . I was so moved by the story that I sent Ms. Cummins an email to let her know how she touched me and that I wished her a great future as an author . I was so surprised a few months later to receive an answer back , thanking me for my email . What a class act and her family should be so proud . May her cousins rest in peace and her brother have a wonderful life .
 I found the book to be very interesting and could n't put the book down . I enjoyed reading further to find out what happened to Tom and if the girls survived . I did n't realize that the law system and judicial system could be manipulated so much and look for easy answers . I recommend anybody reading this book , it will open your eyes to a world that we sometimes choose not to see.Forever changed
 This is a harrowing and chilling account of one family 's devastating encounter with 4 evil & future-less criminals . This is a very well-written book . Like another reviewer , I live on the other side of the country and I had never heard this story before . I feel for the family for the suffering they went through , both through the crimes themselves , and the aftermath . The part about `` Amnesty International '' scheduling `` Die-Ins '' to protest the execution of these murderers is particularly galling.Tom , in particular , is a character tested beyond the limit of human endurance . After I read this book , I looked up `` RipinHeaven.com '' to get an update on how the family was surviving and if they were able to ever lead `` normal '' lives again . The restraint and class that Jeanine shows time and time again in her even-handed approach is a credit to her family . She gives these victims a voice and a life they were so sorely robbed of . I highly recommend this book , and look forward to reading more from this author .
 The heart of this book is chapters 4 through 11 , where we are given a taut , detailed account of the brutal attacks and of the hours of abuse suffered by the surviving victim at the hands of St. Louis homocide detectives.Chapters 12 through 15 -LRB- about 60 pages -RRB- cover the investigation , apprehension , and trials of the vermin responsible . Unfortunately , the author goes on to tell us all about parole hearings and execution stays and Ricki Lake and Court TV and thus manages to actually drain away some of the disturbing power of the tale she has so skillfully told .
 I am a big fan of true crime and this book did not disappoint in terms of the `` I ca n't believe this is a true story '' element you look for in a true crime book . Jeanine Cummins and her family went to visit their cousins for spring break . One night , her two female cousins and her brother were attacked on the Chain of Rocks Bridge that spans the Mississippi River just outside of St. Louis and thrown over the side . Tom survived but the two girls were killed . That did n't end the nightmare for Tom or his family , when in a shocking twist , Tom became the focus of the police investigation . This book provides everything you want in a good memoir , written by someone who was personally impacted by the events that took place . I read this book in one sitting , not being able to stop reading it once I started . It is extremely sad -LRB- as you would expect -RRB- but also an interesting -LRB- and horrifying -RRB- look at police procedure and prejudice .
 This story will literally suck you in like a tornado and does n't let go of you until the dust and debris settles , leaving you frazzled and perplexed . The lesson to be learned from this book , is that the majority of us at one time or another have walked to the fringe and escaped unchanged and luckier then we can imagine . A horrific tale that hopefully will save others a simliar FATE , It 's difficult to comprehend that this is just one family 's tragedy out of the thousands of cries of anguish that go on in silence . Trust me -LRB- or not -RRB- , do n't miss this book !
 I had this book on my book shelf for a while and hesitated to read it because I knew that it would be painful and depressing . This is the first book that I have read regarding true crime where you really feel to the core the effects and aftermath on the living . This book is excellent , well written , and one of the few books you read that will stay with you and effect how you process stories that you read and watch in the future . After reading this , you truly comprehend the pain and lasting effects that violence has on everyone left behind .
 I have little to add to the other reviewers here . But as one who has written about victims myself , I believe this is the best account I 've ever read of the devastation criminals leave in their wake.Read this not merely to learn about a heinous crime or evil men . Read it to meet two wonderful young women , or maybe three -- Julie and Robin , the victims , and Jeanine Cummins , the author .
 This book was a very mind opening read . It helps a person understand the torment and pain a family can go through when such a tragedy befalls them . I have always thought that the death penalty should be sought for all `` cold blooded murders '' , but after reading this book , I think that the victim 's family should have a say in the matter .
 As an avid reader of true crime , I am used to reading the cold , hard facts of crimes written by authors who get the whole story well after the trials have finished . This book is a breath of fresh air , as it is told by someone who lived through it day to day . It was so interesting having the story told in that way . You do n't often get this perspective , and I eagerly read this book all the way through . Wonderfully written and painstakingly honest , this book is a must read . You wo n't be disappointed .
 What can I say ? A must read ! A superbly written account . From humor to stomach churning at the turn of a page . It 's a real eye-opener , it 's easy to read , and in my opinion it opens avenues for further works . I thoroughly enjoyed it and would highly recommend it . Well done . I am eagerly awaiting the next publication .
 I read the review on this book in People Magazine and finished it in three days . It was a very well researched book and a real tribute to the Author 's family . The whole family has a gifting in the written word , Tink , Robin , & Julie . The book was an easy read . I recommend you check it out .
 This book was written to share the 2 lives lost in a tragic manor . The family of these 2 girls will for ever be changed but the author wants to share there story with the readers .
 A very sad story of 2 lives lost , but they are remembered by there family . VERY true but sad story . RIP Julie and Robin Kerry .
 I am a devotee of true crime and have an extensive library . I put my `` exceptional '' books on the top shelf ... A Rip in Heaven will be on that shelf !!! Once I started reading Jeanine Cummins ' A Rip in Heaven , I could not put it down . Her personal family involvement in the story made it quite touching , too ; the author did an exceptional job of describing each of victims due to her close ties . I felt that I knew them and I grieve at the loss of three such fine young people . Very seldom does a true crime book bring me to tears ... this one did ! The tragic story is told in an exceptional writing style and I look forward to reading another book by Ms. Cummins.I only hope it wo n't be too long before I have that pleasure .
 Cummins invites the reader into her family as you take part in each event . She continues with a chronologic order of each happening as you take part by reading the in-depth view of all events , each persons thoughts and the unfortunate truth . This book gives us the knowledge and makes us aware of the tragedy that can happen in any family . Cummins reminds us that a family is ONE , no matter what occurrences take place in life . As a Gaithersburg resident , Volunteer Fire/Rescue worker and a friend of the Cummins family , I encourage all to revisit in the family 's heartbreaking tragedy and uplifting story .
 Kudos to the woman who was able to put all her personal feelings into a tellable report , for us all to share . The telling of such a personal,heart-wretching experience had to be a very final chapter in grieving for her.It 's a story that needs to be studied on every college campus , nation wide . We young people think that nothing like this could ever happen to us . We know deep down , that it 's just not so . Read this , cry with this family , and get angry with the violent people involved .
 This book was referred to me by a friend and it turned out to be a story that I coulnd ' t put down . From the beginning , it is a great story that captured my attention and brought a new realization to the happenings of the world around me . Overall , it was a fantastic read and something that I would recommend to anyone who enjoys a good book based on a true story .
 Very heart breaking story . However , awesome book . This paved the way for me into real life kind of stories . Originally I liked young readers book but this was an easy transition .
 `` An excellent memoir and true crime saga . It made me think about some issues , such as the death penalty and victims ' rights . It took me about 50 pages or so to really get into it , then I could n't put it down . ''
 The story was indeed captivating and tragic . This book is recommended on Ann Rule 's website so I trusted that it would be a `` good read '' but skeptical because it was the first book of a young author . Well , I was not disappointed . Tink 's writing is excellent . I was constantly amazed at her ability to make me feel like I was there and that I knew the characters well . She is a very gifted writer -LRB- as were the victims -RRB- and I hope she continues to write . Trust me - if you like non-fiction or/and true crime , this in a book you do n't want to miss .
 I too read this book quickly , staying up one night until 2 or 3 in the morning , and I was riveted . I agree that the account of the aftermath was drawn out and took away from the description of the crime itself , but I can appreciate the relief that came from sharing that experience.A couple of weeks after reading the book I had a chance encounter with Jeanine and Tom Cummins ' mother - it was a complete coincidence that I came to realize who she was . The book had quite an impact on me , and meeting someone face to face who was so intimately involved forever etched this story in my mind.It 's a stark reminder that evil does exist , that chance encounters can change your life forever , that you should trust your instincts and listen to your mother , and that only the good die young .
 This book was one of the best written literary works I have ever encountered . Knowing people involved first hand I was moved more so then I thought I would . Jeanine , or Tink as she is referred to in the book told her family 's story in a seamless , nonjudgemental way . This must have taken hours of research to get all the small details to the case and must have been hard to deal with . The end result is a wronderful book !
 Admittedly , I am addicted to true crime books . I have to say that this one was the best I 've ever read . It kept me glued to the book from beginning to end .
 Tink -LRB- Cummins -RRB- did an outstanding job of documenting a terrible event and the aftermath that affects the victims and their families . She invites the readers into her tight-knit family with open arms and once you are in the family circle , her vivid description of this horrific night and the years that follow consumes you . This book is a great eye opener for all of those `` psycho-killer '' followers -LRB- American Justice or Cold Case Files viewers -RRB- and gives a very balanced and poiniant perspective on the people who matter -- the victims .
 Not all , but most of us have grown up with fond memories of family gatherings - whether frequent or infrequent , with cousins near in age whom we admired or admired us , all of the good times thought about during the course of our daily lives.For this family , happiness and normal life as they knew it came to a sudden hault as a horror they never expected unfolded before them . Read this book . The author is able to give you a true account of what really went on because she is the sister of one of the victims , Tom and cousin to the other two victims , Julie and Robin.This story will give you an idea of how the justice system can sometimes work under pressure to solve a murder case . Eventually the truth comes out but a lot of people can go through a living hell before that happens.After I read a true crime story , I try to find as much information as possible regarding the case , written by other sources . I was sickened by some of the information I found fighting for the lives of those convicted of this horrific crime . That is just a personal opinion though.You will get to know the deceased through this book , and perhaps question your higher power on why such valuable lives are taken in such a violent way . I felt I came to know the victims as if I 'd gone to school with them . I never knew them but I miss them .
 So much of what we see in the media today sensationalizes the brutality of crime and in some sense celebrates the monsters who commit them . The stories become about them , and the victims and their families are all too quickly forgotten.Thanks to Jeanine Cummins , we get an insightful look into one family 's ordeal , their struggle to come to terms with the sensation that rose up around the case and how the media focuses all too often on the criminals.But at its heart , this is a loving tribute to her lost cousins , Robin and Julie . This book serves , beautifully , in taking their story and remembering truly what has been lost . For over a decade , the focus has been on the bad guys who she portrays quite evenly given her closeness to the subject matter . Now the story has been take back as a fitting memoir to her cousins , told with an insight into what it means to be victimized that we could all stand to learn from .
 It was a good idea when Jeanine Cummins decided to write this very informative and true story of what happened to her cousins on the awful night during Spring break on the Chain of Rocks Bridge in St. Louis . It is one thing to hear the media views and what you see on the television , but this however , is an heartfelt account told by the Jeanine ` Tink ' Cummins . She tells us of the day-to-day agony of what these families went through during the investigations , and how this trial affected their lives . Not only for the girls who were thrown off the bridge , but for poor Tom Cummins as well , who at first was held as a suspect . I felt every bit of pain that I imagined he and his family suffered , but I was glad for the wonderful tribute that Tink paid to her cousins enlightening the truth of the principles that Julie and Robin Kerry stood for.Jeanine Cummins did a great job with this story for the peoplewho never got to hear the real truth.Reviewed by Heather Marshall Negahdar -LRB- SUGAR-CANE 03/01/05 -RRB-
 The author takes a very personal story about the murder of her cousins and produces a a well-written book that honors their memory.The story is interesting and Ms. Cummins tightly versed book keeps your interest with no overdone or lingering sections often found in books . She is a very talented writer who should have a long and brillant career in the writing field .
 A job well done for a first-time author . I know that it must have been extremely difficult to write about something so close to home and actually have to document some horribly graphic details about violations that happened to people she loved and loves . She 's a very strong person for having the courage to write this book in efforts to tell readers about her cousins , be a voice for her brother , and describe how tragedies affect families , not just individuals . It 's easy for us review-writers to sit back and say whether a book was great or it sucked or we think she 's doing this for `` fame and fortune '' -LRB- directed to Alert Reviewer from Bridgton , MO -RRB- . The fact -LRB- and `` The Truth '' -RRB- is that we would never have the balls to do what she has done and I do n't think any of us would want to go through what Julie , Robin , Tom or their families have gone through in exchange for any amount of fame or fortune . Anyone who thinks that this is the sole reason she went through five years of writing and research hell , ridiculous interview questions from dirty cops , and cold shoulders from some family members needs to put themselves in her shoes . Would you go through all that for what a first - author gets paid for their book ? -LRB- Which is not much -- I can assure you . -RRB- No one with their right mind would . We would only do it to memorialize the ones we love , to help other families who have suffered tragedies themselves , and because our brother , who has to live with the memory of this incident for the rest of his life , asked us to . Just like Tink .
 Not being from that part of the country , I was unfamiliar with the crime and had never heard of the Kerry sisters until I picked up this book . Now I feel like I 've been privileged enough to get to know them in a small way . What a wonderful tribute to these girls , and what an amazing thing the author did for her cousins and brother by writing this book to give them a voice . If anything ever happened to me or one of my loved ones , I could only hope that we would have a champion like Ms. Cummins to make sure we were not forgotten . The book also made me examine my own thoughts and feelings on the justice system and capital punishment . Very thought-provoking . I 've been recommending it to all my friends .
 Being that I knew people involved I was nervous about reading the book , and learning about the horrible and destructive things that had happened . But I could n't put it down . It took my breath away , the horror of it all . I felt as thought I had truly missed out on the chance of encountering these truly amazing women . I was also touched deeply , at the authors ability to envelope me into this tight nit family , made me feel their sorry , their fear , their anger , the resolve , and the love they have for each other . A truly well written book , I look forward to more from her .
 I went to high school with Robin and Julie . I ca n't drive over the Mississippi River without thinking about them . The newspaper articles , and TV interviews in St Louis were mainly focused on Tom 's -LRB- the cousin -RRB- guilt , and these `` mystery 4 men '' . I was glad to hear a book had been written from `` their '' point of view . When I say `` their '' I mean Robin and Julie . Robin and Julie are gone , and no longer have a voice for themselves , so Jeanine did the best she could to capture this horrible moment in time , and the aftermath it caused.I feel that as much hatred that she COULD have to the four men that murdered her cousins , and let her brother be blamed for the crimes , Jeanine was fair , and kind to the men . She did not make excuses for their actions , but she did explain how a fun night out , a decision to rob , could turn so dangerous and deadly in minutes .
 I 've never read a book that so profoundly hit me in the heart . This is such an incredible account of one families struggle with something that should never happen to anyone . I read the book in two hours and ca n't wait to pass Jeanine Cummins name on to everyone I know . This book puts the perspective on violent crimes back where it should be , on the victims . Though this book was about her family Ms. Cummins was able to write the book without turning the guilty into monsters , she made them human which is even scarier . They took three kids and ruined their world and the world of their families . When I finished the book I also realized that the guilty also made Ms. Cummins family that much stronger . Congratulations on such a fine book .
 Amazingly written . A heartbreaking story of a violent attack and a family going through the worst experience of their lives . Beautifully written . I could n't put it down .
 I loved this book ! The story is sad but not morbid . The writer -LRB- a close family member -RRB- does an excellent job of describing the events , and you feel like you personally know all the people involved . It 's not overly dramatic or sensationalised - just a really well-written account of the deaths of two young women , and the ongoing effect on family members and friends .
 This true account is well written , riviting , and perfectly clear . What happens to the young man is beyond understanding . Crime on top of crime is what comes to mind . But he survived to tell the story .
 This is a very well written book that will take you from tears of pain to tears of joy and back again . Wonderfully written in a way that will keep the book in your hand well past midnight . . The voices of the victims and families effected by tragedy are given their chance .
 I 'm so glad this was n't one of those books where a murder occurs and it tears the family apart . The Cumminses are a great group , you can tell , the way their family only grew stronger through everything . The book reads like a mystery and memoir simultaneously , and the emotions felt by all the characters are very powerful -- and absolutely interesting . The courtroom drama to it all was pretty neat , again , I was really glad it was courtroom drama and not family drama . It slightly ticked me off that it was n't until the trial that we learned that Julie had a best friend -- way to not focus on someone else this directly affected . The other thing that weirded me out was that Tink , the author , referred to herself in the third person . This would be slightly bearable , except whenever something happens that directly affected her in the story , she interjects her thoughts and draws attention to the fact that she is the one writing this , which made reading the book a little awkward and annoying at times . Tink was extremely brave to actually take the time to write this , not as a publicity stunt , but for her own personal healing as well as justice to Robin and Julie . The last two paragraphs of the book are some of the best , most powerfully honest , pieces of writing I have ever had the pleasure to read . It 's a fantastic memoir that , at times , moves along a little slowly , but is well worth the read.Rating
 This book was hard to put down . It is very well written and it will have your blood boiling .
 I have not read this book yet but added it to my wish list . I 'm from the St. Louis area and was in high school when this happened . I had also been on the Chain of Rocks bridge around that time frame . It is thoroughly creepy knowing the girls died there . I have also seen inscriptions on the bridge where people wrote a final message before they jumped off and killed themselves.As someone who is also a survivor of homicide and was a victim of attempted murder , I totally sympathize with the writer and her family . People make a big deal out of the fact that her brother was a suspect . If you had experience with dealing with this situation you 'd know the police treats everyone like a suspect . I had an uncle that was treated as a suspect in my mom 's murder even though I told police it was not him that attacked her . They did believe me when it came to light that I had knowledge of damning information.I think people need to realize this happens to all sorts of families . You never know when it could happen to yours .
 I read this book in less than 24 hours and still ca n't get the horror of what happened to the Kerry sisters out of my head . I did n't know how good this book would be , having been written by the victims ' relative , but it is very well-written and hard to put down . If what happened to the writer 's brother , Tom Cummins , is true -LRB- about the police brutality that forced him to give a `` confession '' and fail a lie detector test -RRB- , that is very frightening as well .
 It came just as expected and it seems brand new , I am almost afraid to open it ! Collectors edition was right
 My grandfather had told me about this book in a conversation we were having but did n't know I was going to buy it for him . He was so excited when he got it in the mail .
 `` Days of Our Years '' by Pierre van Paassen , 1940 , The Dial Press , hardback , English , 577 pgs . Chapter contents
 This is perhaps my all-time favorite book . It has everything ; war , romance , religious intolerance , second chances and redemption . Every time I have lent this book out , I have lost it , because to read it is to fall in love with it ... As a historian , I can tell you that the author knows his history ; there are no glaring errors the likes of which keep me from reading most historical fiction . As a writer , I can tell you that the author knows how to write . As a die-hard romantic , I can tell you that this books satisfies at levels of my soul that remain untouched by most novels.You can access the book online at http://bobshea.net/all_things_are_lights.html . The author 's son as posted the book with a license through Creative Commons . But do yourself a favor and track down a copy . You 'll want to own and return to this world again and again ...
 This book has everything ! Romance , intrigue , deceit , Religious persicution , War ... with a discription and belief in honor , love and God that parellel my own beliefs . This book has been a multiple read for me and I will probably read it many , Many more times .
 I know that it seems ridiculous that everyone who has reviewed this book so far gives it five stars , but I honestly think almost any reader would enjoy this fast-moving book , set in the time of Saint Louis , king of France , about a knight who is drawn into two wars of religion and is torn between two women . The emphasis is on action and romance , but a surprising amount of history is slipped in about the Templars , King Louis IX -LRB- one of the characters in the book -RRB- , the Albigensians , Moslems in Egypt , etc. . Kudos to Amazon for making this classic available again as a Kindle .
 Historical fiction has romance , intrigue , spies , torture , war and the Knights Templar . Takes place during the Inquistion and France 's religious crusade into Egypt . The book revolves around a wandering troubadour/knight and the two women he has loved , both unattainable ; and the knight he hates and wants to kill , but can not because he is close to the King.Very historical detailed book.A very enjoyable book ... Do n't be thrown off by the title , you 'll find out what it means while reading the book.Highly Recommended !!
 I re-read this book until , alas , it fell apart . Along with `` The Assyrian '' by Nicholas Guild , it 's the finest historical novel I 've ever read . In fact , it 's one of the finest novels of any kind that I 've ever read . I understand it 's out of print now but available on Kindle , which I do n't own . It could do with a reprint and once again be a best seller . I could n't put it down ... again and again ! My only objection was what a fool Diane was -- but read it for yourself . No one should go through life without it .
 This is must read if you are a die-hard romantic ! Enjoy !!!
 Over all good book , Have used it for several years , covers the native trees and some introduced species.Works great for a school age person doing a leaf collection .
 Got it for my husband and he loves it . The book is the most recent edition and it is just the same as the older versions , just revised .
 Very good book ! Well written and a def must have for all collectors !!!! It 's a little off from the movie but still as exciting as it gets you to want more and more Rambo !!!
 I enjoyed all the Rambo series books . I enjoyed how David Morrell captured the essence of the film while changing things up a bit . I 'm a huge Rambo fan and always love getting more Rambo !
 Co-written by David Morrell -LRB- FIRST BLOOD AND RAMBO
 This was one of the best books that i have read recently . I was sorry when the book was finished because I wanted to keep reading more . I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes to read . GREAT BOOK !!!
 What fun it is to read a novel by one of my favorite `` corporate '' writers ! This is a definite departure from the more business-like stylings of `` Diversity Blues - How to Shake Them '' . I found myself drawn into the story , not only by the character development - but also by the subject matter . Without giving away any details , I 'd like to say it 's thought provoking and entertaining ! A great drizzly afternoon read and a brain-teaser to boot . A reminder that you may not be as `` enlightened '' as you think you are !!
 Although I normally am not a fan of mystery novels , I simply had to read By Any Other Name , by GiGi Gossett , after hearing all the buzz about the book . And boy , was I in for a real treat . It is a refreshly intellectual mystery , and one without all of the blood and guts . The story follows female detective Lynn Davis as she attempts to solve a baffling mystery involving one of Cincinnati 's wealthiest families . I felt as if I were actually living the mystery through Ms. Davis ' eyes , and could n't wait to see what deep secret lurked around every corner . Anyone who enjoys mysteries and entertainment will love this book .
 Gigi Gossett 's outstanding first novel made me sit back and think about how many secrets exists within relationships , and how powerful they are within families . Her characters leap from the pages , and created strong images in my mind as I tried to determine their fate . Various twists and turns kept me in suspense , and I was more than willing to see if I could `` out smart '' the characters and determine the ending.What I liked most about this novel was the pacing of the mystery.The information seemed to ebb and flow . It provided me with an opportunity to get to know the characters.These characters were all different , but there were aspects of their personalities that Gigi Gossett got me to understand and to appreciate , and even to empathsize with . It 's interesting ... it 's like a roller coaster ride . At least for me , my feelings towards them shifted . She drew me in to them , and made me care . Care about their secrets , their betrayal , their lives.This is one book you wo n't be able to put down . GREAT READ !
 Once I picked it up , I found it very hard to put it down again and ended up reading into the wee-hours of the late evenings ! Ms. Gossett 's storytelling and ability to keep the reader in suspense was amazing ! As I was reading it , I felt Ms. Gosssett was there in the room with me telling me a story!I also loved how she craftfully weaved in diversity themes throughout and it was refreshing to read a story based in Cincinnati where I have lived and worked.It was a real treat living out the story plot and trying to play out in my mind - Who dunnit ? I was surprised at the ending and with the very last cliffhanger . I truley believe this would make for a great suspense movie and the book is as good as any Grisham novel I 've read -LRB- and I have read them all ! -RRB- ! Kudos to Ms. Gossett who has `` come into her own '' and deserves so much success with this book !
 Every now and then , I 'll read a book that is so exciting I have a hard time putting it down ... well this is one of those books . I read a lot of mysteries , but this one was more exciting because of the secondary plot . The author describes the characters and the scenes so vividly , I caught myself living through the book like I was part of it . I can hardly wait for the next Lynn Davis story .
 The book was like reading `` the Notebook '' in that the real satisfaction comes in how the stories resolve . I enjoyed the author weaving social issues of today into the story ; it made for a richer reading experience than others in the genre .
 I THOROUGHLY enjoyed By Any Other Name ! I looked forward to going to bed each night so I could get back to reading it . I loved the story , the mystery , and the messages within the book . I was also happily surprised with the language and the visual imagery I did n't expect in a mystery novel -LRB- description of the colors/fabrics in an office , etc. -RRB- . Thanks for the enjoyment !
 The book , By Any Other Name , was clever , suspenseful and exhilarating . The mystery was intellegent and thought-provoking . The reader , and the main characters , are lead on a journey highlighted with intrigue and self-discovery . Its exposition of race , betrayal and privilege added incomparable dimensions . I could not put it down . This book is unlike anything offered in today 's literary abundance . Ms Gossett is sure to gain prominence as a fiction novelist . Let 's hope there are many exploits for the story 's heroine , Lynn Davis .
 Suspenseful , intriguing , a great read !!! So great , I just read it for the second time !!! Being so familiar with the Cincinnati area , and reading about all the landmarks that were included in the story , I felt as if I were a part of the story . Once I started reading , I absolutely could not put it down !! I am looking forward to more of Lynn Davis and her adventures in the next novel !!
 I must first start by saying that this is an excellent read . I do n't normally read these kinds of book , but like the other reviewers I found it hard to put down . Excellently written . Kudos to GiGi Gossett
 I love a mystery and this one is top rate . I loved the characters , especially the detective , Lynn Davis . It was complex , interesting , and twisted in all the right places . An easy read because it is so well written . Once I picked it up , I could n't put it down .
 I was held captive for hours . It was so hard to put the book down and go to sleep . Lynne Davis is a truly believable character . I feel like I know her . For GiGi Gossett 's first novel this was an excellent genre to introduce us to the lives of all of the fascinating characters . I highly reccomend this book , By Any Other Name . If you loved this book you will also enjoy her book Diversity Blues , How To Shake 'em -LRB- written under the name of Gladys Gossett Hankins Ph.D -RRB-
 Two different times throughout the story , I was certain I knew who the `` bad guy '' was - but I was wrong both times . The author did an excellent job of character development and getting the reader totally involved in their lives . I did n't want the book to end , but wanted to go on with Lynn Davis and her next adventure . One last comment
 ALTHOUGH THIS IS THE FIRST BOOK THAT I HAVE READ THAT WAS WRITTEN BY SIGMUND FREUD , I FEEL THAT THIS BOOK WAS REALLY GOOD . HIS THEORY ABOUT THE ED , EGO AND THE SUPER EGO WAS VERY INTERESTING . OVER ALL I FEEL THAT THIS BOOK WAS REALLY GOOD , AND I WOULD TRULY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE INTERESTED IN DREAMS .
 Dreams are some of the most mysterious , most enchanting , and most sacred experiences in all of human existence -- and yet they are also some of the most elusive , and so their meaning has been scrutinized by every culture of the human race , for thousands and thousands of years.In all of these inquiries , perhaps none has been more thorough , more scientific , and more systematic than Dr. Sigmund Freud 's `` Interpretation of Dreams '' -LRB- 1900 -RRB- . In his book , Freud surveys the scientific research on dreams put forth so far -LRB- a remarkable achievement of scholarship in itself -RRB- , and then puts forth his own theory of dreams.Dreams , Freud claims , are nothing more than a fulfillment of an unconscious wish . He supports his theory with analysis from a selection of actual dreams from his patients and from his own experience.Much of this book is entertaining and enlightening . Freud 's good taste in literature is reflected in his own engaging style , and his sense of scholarly adventure is catching . Plus , he does n't shy away from the big questions . How can we interpret dreams ? How does a dream come about ? What is the purpose of dreams ? Why are all dreams wish fulfillments ? What are the meaning of typical dreams , like losing teeth ? -- all these questions are tackled here . This is the book where Freud first puts forth his Oedipal theory.Freud 's theory is always insightful , if not totally accurate . He seems to try too hard to make all the data jive with his `` wish-fulfillment '' theory , and when it does n't , he resorts to ludicrous arguments reminiscent of Anselm 's ontological catastrophe . For example , when a dream is clearly not a wish fulfillment , Freud asserts that it has actually fulfilled a wish -- a wish that his theory is wrong . Poppycock.Despite these occasional stretches of reasonability , you 'll come away from this book with a much greater understanding of the nature of dreams and the mental processes that bring dreams about . Highly recommended.This is a good intro to Freud ; consider also `` Introductory Lectures on Psychoanaylsis . ''
 It does not really matter whether we love or hate Sigmund Freud . What is important to acknowledge is that he revolutionized the way we think about ourselves . Some of this revolution can be traced back to The Interpretation of Dreams , the turn of the century masterpiece that outlined his theory of unconscious forces in the context of dream analysis . Joyce Crick 's groundbreaking new translation is based on the original text published in November 1899 and it is clearly a more readable and accurate picture of Freud 's original work.It is apparent that Freud concentrates to a larger extent on the use of words in dreams and on the difficulty of deciphering them . Freud 's ideas of dreams as wish-fulfillment , his ideas of the retelling of the dream as a continuation , as well as the dream 's manifest and latent content , are covered much more clearly than in any of the later editions of the same text . The fact that Joyce Crick 's translation is faster-moving and definitively lighter than previous versions enhances the understanding of the material and engages the reader . It established a sense of dialogue with the reader.While reading Joyce Crick 's translation the author of the review remembered her first encounter with Freud 's original German version Die Traumdeutung while she was an undergraduate student . The German version was definitely much more difficult to read and caused some confusion for the reader . The author valued Freud 's elaboration on the symbols of dreams , but viewed the statement that all psychopathic phenomena derive from the suppression of sexual desires as difficult to comprehend -LRB- for an undergraduate student -RRB- . However when comparing The Interpretation of Dreams with Freud 's discussion of dreams in his work Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis it has to be pointed out that the latter is probably an easier way of gaining insight into his views about dreams . Dreams are covered in Part II of the Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis , which Freud delivered in two successive winter terms -LRB- running from October to March -RRB- in 1915-16 and 1916-17 at the University of Vienna . The new translation is targeted at the psychoanalytically minded postgraduate student or psychiatric registrar who had previous exposure and an understanding of basic concepts such as the preconscious , unconscious and conscious as well as the id , ego and superego . However some explanation about these concepts is provided at the end of the book.Freud 's work on dreaming has recently regained interest because among many other opportunities , the ability to conduct studies in sleep laboratories and the neuropsychological assessment of brain-injured patients has assisted us in finding some scientific evidence for some of his theories . Neuroscience has proven that dreaming can be switched on or off by a neurochemical pathway whose main function is to `` instigate goal-seeking behaviors and an organism 's appetitive interaction with the world '' -LRB- Panksepp , 1985 , p. 273 -RRB- . This means that neuroscience has contributed to the evidence of a radical hypothesis that is more than 100 years old -LRB- i.e. that dreams are motivated phenomena , driven by our wishes and the dopamigergic mechanisms , the appetitive -LRB- i.e. libidinal -RRB- ` command system ' of the brain -LRB- Panksepp , 1985 , 1998 -RRB- -RRB- . The Interpretation of Dreams edited by Ritchie Robertson is meeting the challenge for psychoanalysis to refresh Freudian theory , `` which now has an unpalatable and distinctly post-Victorian flavor for many '' -LRB- Panksepp , 1999 , p. 35 -RRB- . It assists in moving psychoanalysis towards a modern and dynamic mode of thought that continues to be rejuvenated by the accumulating evidence in neuroscience , thus consolidating its presence in the twenty-first century.References Freud , S. -LRB- 1900 -RRB- . Die Traumdeutung . GW Bd 2-3 , 1-642 . Freud , S. -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis 1933 . In Strachey -LRB- Ed & Trans -RRB- . The complete introductory lectures on psychoanalysis -LRB- pp. 471-646 -RRB- . New York
 Though we all know Freud was sometimes wrong , his ideas and interpretations of dreams are revolutionary . Though it is very long and thorough it is almost never plodding . Those who wish to try a shorter version of the same volume should purchase Freud 's `` On Dreams . '' But the pioneering work in question here is a must for those interested in Freud or dreams .
 This book is a watershed in human intellectual history . In it Freud undermines the picture of mankind as primarily a being of reason , and presents the idea that we are all creatures of our wishes , our inner unconscious lives . Dreams are not nothing , and they are not in Freud 's eyes rare religious gifts , but rather to the key to our own mental life . Freud in this book presents a vast world of examples and interpretations . I am not a psychologist and do not consider myself competent to really judge how much of what Freud presents here is valid or even capable of scientific testing . I do know that this work is one which like a great literary masterpiece has inspired countless interpretations and reinterpretations.Understanding human Intellectual History is now impossible without knowing this work .
 Freud was one of the first , and one of the most brilliant , psychologists to attempt a ` scientific ' study of the mind . Freud attempted to explain and understand the dynamics of the psyche , not through mere casual observation or personal introspection , but through clinical experience . There are many scientists and philosophers , Karl Popper being the most famous , who have attacked Freud for being ` unscientific ' in method and for failing the test of falsifiability in his conclusions.It must be admitted that any attempt to study the mind using the methods of objective science is going to run into some serious epistemological hurdles ; hurdles that still have not been entirely overcome to this day . These epistemological questions are important questions and should be taken seriously . But in my opinion the people who are busy picking apart Freud 's theories to see whether they are ` scientific ' , or whether they measure up to some preconceived notion of what a scientific theory should be , are asking the wrong questions . The question that should be asked is
 Freud believed that every dream would reveal itself as a psychological structure , full of latent significance , often beyond the accessibility of normal consciousness . It was in fact belief in this assumption about a hidden psychological structure that eventually led to the discovery of the unconscious and to the later mapping of the architecture of the mind.The discovery of the unconscious had monumental ripples across the intellectual landscape , especially in psychology and the aesthetic arts . It opened the gateways to the complexity of the mind and made it respectable to speak of the mind 's hidden dimensions and their effects on both normal and abnormal psychological functioning.Here using subjects , with now famous pseudonyms , Feud describes how their `` dream-content , '' and the overt images of their dreams are in fact but the coded residue of latent thoughts and unresolved subconscious processing
 In a letter to his confidant and friend , Wilhelm Fleiss , the then middle aged neurologist , Sigmund Freud , was in the midst of researching and writing his beloved ` dream book ' . He wrote the following : `` Now I have finished and am thinking about the dream book again . I have been looking into the literature and feel like a Celtic imp . `` Oh , how I am glad that no one , no one knows ... '' No one suspects that the dream is not nonsense but wish fulfillment . `` Indeed , this is the premise of Freud 's entire thesis
 This is a revised edition of A. Brill translation adapted into American English . This is a widely accepted translation and the reader should trust the translation . I did not see any typo . The book is great as Freud 's geniality and ideas are . I love Freud , he is greater than Einstein and many others . His coutribute to humankind is priceless .
 I am a Psychology student and purchased this book to futher my education on dream analysis . This a well bound quality paperback version of Sigmund Freud 's work , as well as cost efficient . I would definitely recommend it .
 by the ever-turgid Strachey , who loves medical metaphors and Latinized phrasings more than Freud loved literary clarity ; but aside from that , THE classic of psychoanalysis , and the first -LRB- and , for Freud , the favorite -RRB- of Freud 's great works.One can imagine that modern dream research would have interested Freud as much as its reductionist speculations would have amused him . Certainly he 'd never have argued that because a patient 's stomach hurt during a painful recital of an early memory , this indigestible piece of emotional trauma was `` caused '' by the gastronomic rejection of a burnt piece of toast eaten just before the session . OF COURSE psychical activity has a physical substrate . And , perhaps , vice versa . What he 'd have wanted to know was
 This is the most important book published in the last century ; further , it is fascinating and brilliantly written . Emotionally unstable readers should avoid it , however ; their need to deny their own problems often leads them to attack the messenger
 Freud offers here the healing of people by understanding their dreams , it really opens the door to our inner Self . Neurosis of inefficiency can be changed into a happy life of success . Often it 's forgotten he uses one perfect method . From the past with healing with hands , from hypnosis to suggestion , this interpretation is new , since 1900 for all times to come . One can see this as an introduction into `` One Self '' . Like Joseph explained the dreams of Pharao , the reader can learn to read his inner Self by his dreams . Buy and read this book !
 This 2005 publication is A.A.Brill 's revised translation of Freud 's masterpiece , its 3rd German ed . -LRB- 1911 -RRB- . There were five more editions -LRB- to 1929 -RRB- , which are integrated in the standard edition translation by James Strachey -LRB- Avon/Discus pb 1965 -RRB- . This one , however , benefits from a creative intro by Daniel O'Hara and Gina MacKenzie , who correct some of the translation in an appendix , adding endnotes , comments , questions and valuable suggestions for further reading .
 Freud 's book must be read by anyone who studies dreams , because it contains about 220 dreams and valuable information about the dreamers ' life experiences related to their dreams . But , his wish fulfillment theory of dreams is definitely wrong both concerning its origin and its consequences , as explained below.Freud began to interpret his patients ' spontaneously reported dreams by likening them to daydreams and psychotic hallucinations . Everyone knows that daydreams are produced for fulfilling wishes in an imaginary way , and psychologists know that most psychotic hallucinations constitute imaginary fulfillments of wishes frustrated in the waking state . But , likening waking-state products to sleep-state products does not look realistic , because the waking state is a time for fulfilling wishes , whereas the sleep state is known to realize resting and self-restoration rather than realizing new successes and gains . So , Freud 's first step in dream interpretation was most probably wrong.Nevertheless Freud became convinced that dreams meant wish fulfillments because of two dreams that he misinterpreted , as explained below.Pepi 's dream
 The science of interpretting the hidden meaning of one 's dreams is the key to unlocking the door to our unconscious psychic life . Sigmund Freud was the one who discovered that through our dreams we can explore our unconscious , which means that if we can unravel what our dreams mean , we can find out what our mind secretly wants and desires . These wants and desires are otherwise hidden and suppressed by our conscious mind because of our moral and social inhibitions and tensions . In fact , Sigmund Freud theories invented a whole new branch of treatment for neurosis . Freud 's `` Interprettation of Dreams '' has its flaws , and his theories have been constantly modified and improved upon in accordance with new discoveries in contemporary psychology , but it was Freud who first put the wheels in spin.David Rehakauthor of `` Love and Madness ''
 Hey pretty good review title , maybe I should write a book.Sigmund shows us the importance of dreams as an analytical tool for exploring the clients present and or past states of mind and or cognizance of certain times thru the minds of the client.Very good approach to creat an opening of client trust .
 i did a report on this book about 11 years ago . i am still excited by the book although it is not the original more like a summary . i still enjoyed reading .
 I am not as smart as today 's psychologists who say the validity of The Interpretation of Dream is perished . And I have not read other Frued 's book yet , beside this . Furthermore , I can not say that I can completely understand what this book says . But I wonder why there is only one person writen a command about this book . And it was three years ago and I feel it is my responsibility to write one . There is a very common saying that the three most influential persons in the 20th century are
 Ordered it . It arrived quickly . It is used and is as described . I 'll update whenever I read it . d
 The book came to me before I really expected it to , and it was in perfect condition , as the seller claimed . I will buy from this seller again if the opportunity arises .
 Freud based his ideas from no scientific facts . There is no way to measure somthing as subjective as dreams . I enjoyed the the book as entertainment , but would not derive any factual information from it .
 Make up your own mind about Freud , but in the meantime , this is one of his great works that anyone can read without having technical knowledge about psychology . Freud included much about his own dreams , and the reader will suspect that he did n't `` tell all '' about his own introspection -- nor would most of us ! But this work , along with `` The Psychopathology of Everyday Life '' and `` Wit and Its Relation to the Unconscious '' are for all readers . It is worth your while to peruse one of the most influential books in human history . As for the violence of the controversy that Freud inspires -- well , that vehemence must mean something
 The best translation available is by J. Strachey . Do n't get the one by Brill . This books is no light reading , even for those accustomed to reading serious books . Freud 's style presents no difficulties , but moral courage is needed . Nevertheless for those courageous enough there is also enormous entertainment here . Personally I find it extremely difficult to read it often . It 's too dense and challenging . And much of it is also deeply flawed because the author was overly confident . Despite all this , this may well be the greatest book of the 20th century , and those who want to take the challenge ought to try it . My pragmatic advice is to skip the first chapter , which is a rather dated review of literature .
 Most reviewers see the value of this great work , which lays out the dynamics of the unconscious mind . Others have a variety of misconceptions
 This is the book that started the revolution in our view of human psychology
 This book changed my life in a profound way . Freud taught me that everything is connected . He used dreams to illustrate this . During the few weeks I was reading this book , I began looking at everything around me as possibly symbolic and/or connected . It is amazing what is available when you are receptive to this information . Freud can teach you to see the meaning in your dreams , but these lessons apply to all of life.Freud also has such a disarming way of writing that I felt as if I knew the man as a friend once I was done reading .
 Easy to read and perfectly inteligible for the averagenon-professional reader like me . This is the most important book written by Sigmund Freud and is in the Freudian tradition of writting some books which focus on difficult issues with a rather simple to understand language and fine style . The purpose of the author , in his own words , was to disturb the sleep of mankind.This is the kind of book that will help you a lot in understand the mechanisms behind one 's dreams and all the relationship between what Freud calls your `` waking life '' and your `` dream-life '' . Before going on interpreting a lot of his and his patients dreams , something that took a lot of personal sacrifice to someone so jealous of his private life as Freud , the author introduces us to the then -LRB- 1899 -RRB- accepted theories of dreams , which basically took the dreams as irrational and confuse manifstations that did n't have nothing to do with our real or waking life.The rationale Freud uses to demolish the anti-Freudian myths is powerful and convincing and he even suggests that reading the book will have some effect on our immediate dream life -LRB- it happened to me -RRB- . Despite quite voluminous -LRB- 700 pages -RRB- it deservs the attention and the effort of all of us who want to understand what dreams are all about . Here also , one reads the first paragraphs Freuds devotes to the Oedipus complex , and one has the opportunity to explore along with Freud the mechanisms of the UCS -LRB- unconscious -RRB- and of our Conscious activities , which some decades latter would lead to the concepts of Ego , Super-Ego and Id.As a trademark the text is always polemical , remembering this same quality one faces in Marxists texts .
 Although Freud 's ideas and psychoanalytic theory have n't fared that well in recent decades -LRB- Jung 's views and reputation have actually done much better -RRB- , there is no doubt that Freud 's ideas were a major contribution to the understanding of human behavior and the mind and remain at least historically important today . Although perhaps superceded by the cognitive and neurobiological approaches that have developed in the last few decades , Freud was still a brilliant thinker who changed our undestanding of the mind for the better.For example , although his idea of the ego , super-ego , and id are now being supplanted by more physiological explanations -LRB- the limbic system of the brain being a very good analog to the id -RRB- , nevertheless , basically what Freud was saying was that a shaping process goes on during early childhood that results in the formation of relatively enduring personality characteristics . There is no doubt that this developmental idea still has validity to this very day.However , while I certainly respect and admire many of the early psychologists , and they were great pioneers in many ways , and some of their ideas are still important , nevertheless , a lot of what they said has to be taken now with a considerable grain of salt , and the area of dream interpretation is one them . It does n't mean that dreams are completely valueless , but they 're of much less significance than has been claimed in the past . The most serious critique of the psycholanalytic -LRB- and others -RRB- view of dreams comes from recent research into the brain and neurobiology . The problem is that dreams are really not what people think at all most of the time -- which is some sort of cyptic but profound message from the unconscious mind.For example , consider the question of why most dreams seem to consist of collections or sequences of difficult to interpret images , thoughts , and memories that seem to be combined or strung together in a not very logical and difficult to interpret fashion . The reason why , contrary to the popular belief that this reflects some profound and not easily discernible meaning , is that the order really is almost random , or is governed by very weak associational processes . The reason why this is , and why most dreams seem so puzzling and difficult to understand is that when you go to sleep , the memory areas of the brain located in the temporal cortex become more active through a process known as corticocipedal disinhibition , allowing memories , images , and thoughts to flood into consciousness willy-nilly . This is prevented or inhibited during normal waking , otherwise the flood of thoughts and images would interfere with normal memory retrieval and thinking processes.This is a little off the subject , but one area of pseudo or quasi-scientific theory and speculation that has been getting a lot of attention lately -LRB- and shows how much more sophisticated the more fantastically oriented or perhaps `` mystically '' oriented types in psychology are getting -RRB- is the idea that the brain is a `` quantum computer '' and uses quantum mechanical and even multi-dimensional spatial capabilities to do its work . At least one world-famous physicist and mathematician , Roger Penrose , has suggested it himself . -LRB- I critique Penrose 's proposal on this in my Amazon review of his book , The Large , The Small , and the Human Brain -RRB- . However , although a fascinating idea , there is still no real evidence that this is in fact the case . Neurobiologists have drawn analogies between devices like SQIDs -LRB- super-conducting quantum interference devices -RRB- and nerve cells , but this is reaching a bit.One main problem for me would be the noise factor . There is already a huge amount of random noise in the firings of nerves in the human brain and quantum mechanisms are far below the level of this noise . The brain seems to ignore the high noise level just fine and to operate pretty well despite it and so I do n't see how quantum effects which would be far more subtle would have much of an effect.The other main problem is that the brain typically shows a huge amount of integration and convergence in its mechanisms , and phenomena at the level of quantum effects would probably just get lost in the overall convergence process or even the resting level of noise . Another way to think about it is how likely quantum effects are to manifest themselves at the molecular level , let alone the cellular level or the level of a neural circuit or the entire brain.So until there 's some real evidence , I remain sceptical , and this is probably another `` mystical '' idea that will probably go the way of all the others.But anyway , getting back to the present book , that little digression was really by way of pointing out that unscientific speculation has been rife in psychology from its birth in the mid-19th century with thinkers such as Rudolph Lotze , Paul Brentano , Wilhelm Wundt , Johann Fechner , Hartmann and the Scottish faculty psychologists , Janet , Freud and the other psychoanalytic theorists , and many others . It 's just getting harder for the layman to recognize this sort of thing when he sees it since their ideas are more and more taking on the language of physics and engineering and neurobiology . But that does n't mean it 's not the same old unfounded speculation and mystical nonsense .
 The ego has no need to mediate between the id and the super ego when coming down to the problem of which this book is worth reading because the super ego wins by far ! Did you understand that last statement ? If not then The Interpretation of Dreams by Sigmund Freud explains it all . It is the `` Rosetta Stone '' so to speak of all things psychanalytical . Not only does Sigmund demonstrate the process of interpreting the underlying meaning of one 's dream but he also answers the age old questions of why one sleepwalks and sleep talks . Also , why do you forget your dreams soon after you wake up sometimes ? Sigmund Freud answers that . Why does everything in your dream feel so real ? Sigmund knows the answer to that too ! Sigmund not only interprets dreams but he also explains such things as the psyche , psychology , psychoanalysis , psychosexuality , and the psychic apparatus , the Oedipus complex , and the Electra complex as well . According to Sigmund dreams are n't just stories made up while you sleep . Dreams are wish fulfillments ; stuff you wish you could do while you are awake , or stuff you could n't possibly do while you are awake . Every step you take , thing you do , and word you speak has an underlying , symbolic meaning -LRB- latent content in Freudian language -RRB- , and interpreting that could quite possibly bridge the gap between consciousness and subconsciousness , resulting in a more meaningful life . According to Freud 's drive theory that is one of the most clear , obtainable objectives one could stride for , next to death that is .
 This is indispensable for any student of Freud or psychoanalysis . It reads almost like an autobiography of Freud . A note of caution , it may be hard to get the dream interpretation material without the assistance of an instructor .
 Naturally , I required this book for my comparison of Freud and Adler 's dream analysis theories . Freud was one of a kind !
 Freud 's `` The Interpretation of Dreams '' is a unique book . His treatise on human dreams is truly a product of a brilliant mind . But neither the process of creation itself nor not the results and findings it brought out are the true wonders of this book . The great achievement of Freud 's theory is its immunity to criticism . In other words , it is virtually impossible to criticize the results and propositions inserted in this book . His main tenet - a dream is a fulfillment of a desire - can not be attacked in any intelligible way . If one says for instance that an unpleasant dream or a bloody nightmare is clearly not the fulfillment of a desire , Freud would promptly mention masochism or self punishment . Or , if one finally brings forth a dream that is surely not a desire fulfilled , he might nonetheless say there is at least a desire accomplished , viz
 This edition of `` Interpretation of Dreams '' hits all the marks-it has extensive introductory notes , bibliography , and a more than adequate index . Moreover , specific dreams in the text are referenced in a separate index . They also have the English translations of the foreign-language footnotes , which is always helful for those of us who only speak three and not seven languages . The editors understand all facets of `` user friendly , '' which means that this book not only friendly to the user , but friendly for use . It has every bell and whistle that any student , scholar , or savant could want in a book , which is a rare thing.Moreover , the cover art is very eye catching , since the blurred water-color profiles have a dream-like quality about them , reinforcing , but not distracting from the books subject and contents . In many ways , the book is the cover.I admire the heavy secondary research Freud put into his book . Keeping in mind Freud 's ideas were gestating in the late 1800 's , when there was none of the perfected scientific research and research methods that we have today . Like Darwin , Galileo , or Newton , Freud did so much with so little in the way of technological gizmos . This adds even a greater luster to his genius.However , there are two issues I have with Dr. Freud 's methodology . First , his has a very odd universe of sampling , namely himself and his neurotic patients -LRB- 136 , 138 -RRB- . First of all , relying on his own dreams for analysis tends to make his research solipsistic , which is to say we may be looking more at Freud than his research and conclusions . Moreover , relying on neurotic patients does not yield statistically balanced data . His skewed sampling leads to a skewed conclusion.Secondly , Freud comes to the reductionist conclusion that all dreams are wish fulfillment . Keeping in mind the strange and limited universe of sampling , it is no wonder that Freud came to this rather odd conclusion . Part of the problem is that Freud completely ignored the creativity aspect of dreams . The classic example of the creativity in dreams is Elias Howe 's invention of the sewing machine needle . He was an English inventor trying to invent the sewing machine . He had all the parts in place expect the needle , which was giving him problems . He fell asleep at his inventor 's table and dreamt cannibals were chasing him , whose spears that had holes in the tops . He woke up and put the hole in the top of the machine needle , and presto ! A new industry.I recognize that this book is an essential the historical literature of psychology . And I have no qualms about typical and ubiquitous Freudian sexology . Sex , or better yet reproduction , is a power drive in humanity , although I do not concede that it is the one and only drive .
 I read this book when I 'm the student of a high school . It was not so easy to understand the theoretical part in contrast to the practical interpretation of dreams . It was so interesting that I could interpret the symbols of dreams . However it is different between the understanding and the assurance . I thought his assertion was false in spite of the logical coherence . All psychopathic phenomena derive from the suppression of the sexual desires ! How foolish ! For a rural young boy it seemed that `` Love '' by Standhal was more realistic . In a few weeks , I shut out the content of this book from my brain because I took it serious . This effect was too pessimistic to interpret the human being.This book shows two important results . At first , the psychopathic is understandable if the unconsciousness exists . At second , the neuroses disappear if the unconscious sexual desires are made conscious . These findings will help the understanding of the later psychoanalysis and psychiatry.As the unconsciousness is one of the most important discoveries in the 20th century , this book should be read .
 Reportedly , this is the first time in our country 's history -LRB- USA -RRB- that we have four generations in the same work place . Some times you can feel like we are back at the Tower of Babel , a parable in the Bible , where everyone began to speak in different tongues -LRB- languages -RRB- . If you are a senior worker being supervised by a much younger boss , heaven help you if you do not step back an look at the situation from multiple perspectives . The last thing a younger boss wants to hear is an employee that sounds more like a doting parent than an employee . The last thing a senior worker wants to hear is a younger boss treating them like a mindless , boob child and not valuing the experience they bring to the work arena . Educating oneself on the differences of generations in terms of their respective expectations and style-flexing with communication without becoming a very flaky `` kiss-up '' employee can make lots of difference in establishing your well-earned credibility . Go for it , knowledge really is power . This book will take you to a new point of productive wisdom and change your paradigm of communication in the workplace from a battlefield to a collaborative , productive work culture . Here 's hoping , we are going to be together for many years to come !
 Stacey Levine 's collection , My Horse and Other Stories , and her novel Dra - , are among the most stunningly bizarre and pleasing works of fiction that I have ever read and I count them among only a handful of books that I frequently pick up and begin reading for writerly inspiration , as they defy categorization and never lose their capacity to surprise and amaze . Anyone who seeks writing in the tradition of Kafka and Kobo Abe will absolutely love these books . Publishers Weekly mentions `` sacrificing internal logic , '' but a more accurate description might be either `` redefining '' it or `` not succumbing '' to it . If internal logic is tone and voice , then Stacey Levine 's work introduces even the most jaded reader to something completely new . As a reviewer once wrote -LRB- apparently I am not supposed to refer to reviewers on this page -RRB- , her writing is often both `` simultaneously funny and disturbing , '' and combined with her rapturous lyricism , the effect is cathartic and out-of-body , even when the writing is explicitly exposing `` the oppressive mechanisms '' of the body itself , as the reviewer so aptly described it . Even the darkest and most disturbing passages can not be called `` gruesome '' -LRB- as PW put it -RRB- because they are controlled so expertly by Levine 's masterful tone that there is always a kind of strange otherworldly beauty that shines through , and humor , uproarious humor that suddenly wells up , making one want to immediately share it with whoever is around , including strangers , for these are among the most laugh-out-loud funny books I have ever read . Even in the darkest most blackly poetic scenes there is a kind of disturbingly giddy humor that makes one want to climb out of one 's skin for joy . On the other hand , if what is meant by `` internal logic '' is the trite conventionality and expectation that continues to hold morbid sway over the dominating and overspent traditions of realism -LRB- yes , I am beginning to sound full of myself , sorry -RRB- than this is exactly the sort of writing that Levine refuses to succumb to , and that is what makes her writing so great
 On the surface , this book offers startlingly beautiful language and heart-stopping imagery . But its offerings merely begin there . Levine , a master of metaphor and tone , uses these 18 surreal parables to critique power dynamics and to expose the oppressive mechanisms of family , relationships , body and gender . Often simultaneously funny and disturbing , these stories will resonate years after a first reading . Her expert use of the surreal is often called Kafka-esque , an overused and misused literary cliche that , for once , fits the bill . Her keen grasp and expression of humanity 's politics precisely suits Kafka 's legacy while her expert use of language and imagery remind us that writing really is an art .
 On the surface , this book offers startlingly beautiful language and heart-stopping imagery . But its offerings merely begin there . Levine , a master of metaphor and tone , uses these 18 surreal parables to critique power dynamics and to expose the oppressive mechanisms of family , relationships , body and gender . Often simultaneously funny and disturbing , these stories will resonate years after a first reading . Her expert use of the surreal is often called Kafka-esque , an overused and misused literary cliche that , for once , fits the bill . Her keen grasp and expression of humanity 's politics precisely suits the Kafka legacy . Her expert use of language and imagery remind us that writing really is an art .
 Swaney 's guide to Botswana , Zimbabwe , and Namibia is the best on the bookstore shelf . The level of detail is superb , from major cities to rural villages . She should consider herself more a regional geographer , as her detail concerning things like history , climate , people , and place are akin to that of one ! All this and she manages to fit in the best deals on lodging , food , and travel sites , not to mention important info concerning safety and hazards associated with travel . I used this book extensively during my travels throughout last year , when I lived in Windhoek . Indeed , you can find no better than this - and the information is as good or better than what the locals give ! I once had the opportunity to meet her at a hostel in Windhoek , when I was doing some academic research there , and never had the chance to tell her how much I praise this guide !
 excellent book on how to raise godly children to fill the church of the next generation . full of great ideas although you might not agree with every single detail in the book , but which was the last book you read in which you agreed with everything in it , besides the Bible of course . bottom line , if you want to raise a godly man or woman , please do yourself and the U.S. a favor and get this book and apply it 's ideas .
 Another treasure from one of the world 's greatest-somewhat-unknown poets ... more more more is all I can say ! To see his translations in his own hand is the greatest thrill , as well as the brief but wonderful interview at the end conducted by the editor and publishers . A true touchstone for living dharma and freedom .
 Issa was a brilliant poet , but given his rather difficult life , his poems tend towards the down side . One of the reasons I love haiku is that they are generally rather joyful , and Issa 's work rarely is . However , if you do n't mind the down , Issa was a master with words .
 I was introduced to Hidalgo Quixote , Knight of the Woeful Countenance in high school and was overtaken by the power of the music and the story . Two years later , I was living in Portugal . Though it was n't Spain , I still felt the same breeze , and saw the same type of windmills that Quixote tilted in his tilted reason.Joseph Smith once observed that , `` by proving contraries , truth is made manifest , '' -LRB- History of the Church 6:428 -RRB- , and Aristotle once said that if you want to find truth , invert . Cervantes follows this pattern of putting things upside-down to show right-side-upness . He accentuates reality by taking an insane man as his lead character . The paradox , however , is that Quixote seems to be the sanest person in the story . `` The Man of La Mancha '' has two advantages over its parent-text `` Don Quixote . '' The first is that Wasserman , et al. did a marvelous job of pairing down Cervantes ' two part book into a one act play . A lot of Quixote 's adventures are funny parody , but it at times becomes a bit over-done . The play captures the essence of the Quixote-Idea without any gas . `` Brevity is the soul of wit , '' as Shakespeare testified.The second advantage is the music . `` The Quest -LRB- The Impossible Dream -RRB- '' is a triumph not only for Wasserman et al , but it is a triumph for humanity . So this book needs to be read with the soundtrack . The original Broadway is my favorite , since it captures the Iberian wind that blows over the story . The Peter O'Toole film is too produced and had too many sweet strings that drench out the Spanish guitars.You know how good a work of art is by seeing how it is parodies . Quixote has been copied on `` Quantum Leap , '' and Alf , and Jim Neighbors sung `` The Quest '' on Gomer Pyle . There is even a cartoon `` Don Coyote and Sancho Panda . '' And , of course , there is the classic Mr. Magoo -LRB- Jim Baccus -RRB- version of Don Quixote.So buy , and enjoy this play . Read along with the movie , and ponder reality through the eyes of an insane man .
 Man of La Mancha remains my alltime favorite musical . Others such as Les Miserables and Phantom of the Opera are perhaps better in many ways , but nevertheless , Man of La Mancha holds a very dear place in my heart . It is a powerfull tale of a man who , disalusioned with everyday life , decides to become a Knight Errant and sally forth into the world righting all wrongs . Its overall themes of good over evil , and the search for happyness are an inspiration . Don Quixote may be a bit out of his time , but is he really so insane ? Perhaps its the rest of the world that could do with some of his peculuar brand of boldness .
 I really enjoy the story of Don Quixote and all of his quests . In all honesty , -LRB- it could be my fault -RRB- but i thought this was going to be a straight up book of Man a la Mancha , but instead it was more like a script of the musical . It 's still great though . If you order the book you should definitely get the CD to play along with it .
 Maddest of all is to see things as they are and not as they should be.This simple premise lies at the heart of every marriage proposal , politcal campaign , revolution and of course the birth of every religion.That such a poignant essence was successfully reduced for theatrical presentation from the lengthy Cervantes work is nothing short of genius.All too often its easy for story tellers , playwrights and movie makers to tease out the prurient drama of human suffering . It is so much more compelling when someone manages to capture that moment of inspiration when someone dares to believe and others chance to join.First with Sancho , then fair Dulcinea , then ultimately maybe us , we gather eagerly to that spark of faith that grows in this play.If you think about it , `` Impossible Dream '' could easily have been rendered maudlin in the wrong hands . It 's a testiment to this play and this writer that it actually inspires .
 This musical is absolutely hilarious . Any one who considers themselves a theater junkie and likes musicals needs to read this classic . It really lifts your spirits .
 Man of La Mancha / 0-394-40619-2Though I find the Don Quixote story to be moving and meaningful , I am the first to admit that the full work of Cervantes can be incredibly daunting - not exactly light evening reading . `` Man of La Mancha '' has managed to perfectly distill the Don Quixote story into a short , heart-warming play that is , if possible , even greater than the source material.In `` Man of La Mancha '' , the ravings of our madman show us the veneer of the world we ought to live in . The character of Dulcinea is particularly touching - where those who would use and abuse her see only a whore broken by life 's cruelties and painful necessities , our mad hero sees a woman capable of love , kindness , and friendship . He sees a person , with pain and sorrow and strength and inner beauty . How can we know that this view is `` insanity '' ? Perhaps it is the rest of the world that is mad , and only our dear man of La Mancha has clear senses . ~ Ana Mardoll
 During reading I pursued my impossible dream and at the end the sensation was
 The above is , as I see it , the theme of this splendid adaptation of the adventures of Cervantes ' `` Mad Knight . '' It is about the infectiousness of Hope , the transference of dreams , especially of the `` Impossible Dream ! `` The character of Aldonza starts as a self-described `` Strumpet men use and forget '' She sings of being `` born on a dung heap , to die on a dung heap , '' and sings `` what use is the sky to a creature who 'll never do better than crawl ? '' She rails against the hope he brings her and tells him that `` of all the cruel bastards who 've badgered and battered me , you are the cruelest of all . `` Yet , something magical happens , and by the end of the show she is singing , for herself , of her own `` Impossible Dream '' and is joined by many others . A new disease , HOPE , has claimed another victim , and so is passed on to another generation.It IS catching . Catch it for yourself .
 I read this stage play as research for something I 'm working on . I saw a production of the play when I was in high school -LRB- long time ago -RRB- and remember liking it . It 's the condensed story of Don Quijote , book-ended by Cervantes in a Spanish prison , awaiting his trial before the Inquisition . Obviously , reading the play , especially a musical , is nothing compared to seeing it live . But it 's entertaining , you get a good sense for the characters , and the story , though goofy and slapstick , still comes across well .
 Having performed a goodly segment of this script during an ill-fated production from hell , I must say that it was quite good to have a copy of the script that was what I was looking for . Man of La Mancha is most certainly NOT the original -LRB- Don Quixote -RRB- , but it does n't need to be . If you want the original book , you may as well read it in it 's original , Spanish text -LRB- as I have -RRB- . Have fun with the story , it 's one of the more referenced , when dealing with insanity .
 I cried . It 's sad , yet beautiful -- a refreshingly simplistic , and elegant musical which was oddly conceived in an era of gaudy , whimsical Broadway cheesecake .
 Man of La Mancha portrays the tale of a man who , in an attempt to escape reality , lives inside his illusions . His false life as a knight allows him to escape his current situation .
 A sequel to it 's very enjoyable Retro Diner , More Retro Diner revisits those classic establishments of roadside cooking in a nostalgic trip back to the era of breakfast specials , club sandwiches and hot soups . The diner has undergone a renaissance in recent years and while there are no where near the number of diner establishments that there were in the 50 's and 60 's , people are once again seeing the allure of the tiny , home-cooking stops . The diner influence can be seen today even in many mainstream chain restaurants with menu options reminiscent of diner foods . As the authors of More Retro Diner point out , while all diners sold burgers , soups , etc , it was their unique creations that often out them on the map and kept customers coming back for more.Along with vintage photos and art of diners , and diner menus , the book provides dozens of authentic recipes culled from some of these legendary eateries , many of which are still in business today . Frequent travelers , particularly in the eastern part of the country where diners flourished will certainly recognize many of the names . At it 's core diner food is the best comfort food , good tasting and filling . There 's the French onion soup from the Oasis Diner , Cincinnati-style Chili , fish & chips , and Ken 's real onion rings.Sandwiches were always a diner staple and Mastoris diner in New Jersey boasts a menu of over 80 different sandwich selections . You 'll find recipes for classics like chicken clubs , Philly cheese steaks , Sloppy Joes , and the good old meatloaf sandwich . Moving over to the grill there are delectable recipes for chicken-fried steak , skirt steak fajitas , and cheese-stuffed burgers . But getting back to those unique recipes , the section devoted to blue plate specials includes fare like the chicken & rice casserole from Moody 's Diner in Maine , in business for over 75 years ; the crab cakes from the Blue Comet Lounge , and Betsy 's Shepherds pie.For those who long for the feeling of those family vacations in the car of yesteryear , or for anyone who just loves good home-cooking , More Retro Diner satisfies the hunger.Reviewed by Tim Janson
 When someone gifted me this book , my first thought was , `` Oh , No , not ANOTHER cookbook ! '' Boy was I surprised as I turned from mouth watering page to mouth watering page . I want to make ALL the recipes , and better yet , I can ! Not a book full of exotic ingredients and impossible techniques , but real , hearty -LRB- and not so unhealthy , as you might think -RRB- family meals.Every recipe I make is more fantastic than the next . Thank You Thank You ! Randy and Teri are clearly expert in this area , and they have definitely brought a fresh spin to the Retro book series . Kudos to Retro for finding them and getting them on board . Let 's see more !
 I love these recipes and you can spend a whole afternoon just looking at the pictures and thinking about a by gone era . I just love it and the Retro Diner first book is awesome too !
 Amazing tale ! Someone gives a troubled woman a chance in life , and gives her some hope ... little did she know the horrors she was about to face . And face them she did . I want to write more , but I do not want to give away the book . A good read . Easy to get into , and easier to keep reading to the end .
 This book was so well-written and absorbing , I actually wrote the author to ask when her next book would be out -LRB- April , she said -RRB- . This was one of those books that you simply can NOT put down !
 I have been an avid reader of true crime for 30 years now , and would say that this book is a real gripper ! The stars must have been in a real upheaval when Sandra Coburn Underhill was born -- the poor girl/woman had been beaten down -LRB- many times literally beaten -RRB- her entire life . What are the chances that just when she thought her she life was about to turn around and her dreams realized , that she would then put her faith and trust in Miles Bondurant , a wolf in sheep 's clothing ? I have always believed that answering an ad in the personals is dangerous -- now I KNOW it is . I could n't put this book down .
 It is hard to imagine how the three characters in this triangle came to be involved , but the author did her research well -LRB- complete with photos -RRB- and shows us how it all happened . How could this multi-millionaire make such terrible bizarre decisions ? And this is a true story !
 Irene Pence is a fine True Crime investigator and writer . This reviewer thinks she 's even better than Ann What 's - Her-Name . Pence does n't drool on an on about every interviewee being so `` beautiful '' `` handsome '' and `` intelligent . '' Ms. Pence is so good at what she does that the reader forgets the writer 's there - none of the over-written stuff that pulls the reader out of the story to focus on the raconteur - she artfully lets the Tale do the talking and her words do n't get in the way.This is a True Texas Tale about old Miles Bondurant , his vulnerable and gullible young quasi wife , and her true friend - a twisted lover 's triangle in the Lone Star State . Reviewed by Tundra Vision
 This is a very well-written book , and it made Irene Pence one of my new favorite authors . I have read all of her books since . She does an outstanding job of allowing the reader to really get to know all of the characters . Although some of the people in the book make choices that most of us would not -LRB- hopefully -RRB- , by the time those choices are made , the reader understands why the person is the way he/she is . You feel the fear and frustration , and it made me incredibly angry to see that the murderer used innocent children to force his girl friend to do what he wanted her to do . It is a very sad story . I recommend this book to any true crime fan , and I strongly recommend any book written by Irene Pence .
 This story was filled with twists and turns . I could n't imagine a multi-millionare committing murder over a woman he knowingly plucked out of prison , but the author did her homework and made the story very believable .
 WHEN YOU START READING THIS BOOK YOU CAN NOT PUT IT DOWN . YOU WONT BELIEVE WHAT HAPPENS . I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN UNTIL I FINISHED IT AND I AM SURE YOU WONT EITHER . I TELL YOU IRENE PENCE IS ONE GREAT AUTHOR I WOULD READ ANYTHING SHE WRITES .
 THIS TRUE CRIME BOOK WAS ONE OF THE BEST TRUE CRIME STORIES I HAVE READ FOR AWHILE . IF YOU PLAN ON READING THIS BOOK MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE TIME BECAUSE IT IS VERY HARD TO PUT DOWN .
 ... you should acquire this title . It 's encyclopedic in scope on the topic of garlic , and L.J. Harris has a lively writing style and a passion for the subject that keeps it from ever becoming stuffy or long-winded . Health Quarterly described him in their review as `` kindly , mischievous and talented '' . Included are chapters on references to garlic in the Talmudic and Mohammedan traditions and quotes from Pliny and Virgil that are surprisingly contemporary in their points of view about health and society . Herbalist and culinary traditions from China and India are represented , as are the viewpoints of the British -LRB- alliophobic -RRB- and the French -LRB- alliocentric , depending on geography and politics -RRB- . Literary lore , folk medicine , herbalist tradition , and culture & politics all contribute to this very readable volume . My two favorite recipes were Puerto Rican Garlic & Egg Soup , and Nancy 's Artichoke Pie .
 Loved the book . If you 're from the South you can hardly fail to appreciate this story . My Mom read it to me when I was little . Every time I see a heron I remember this story .
 I get a kick out of Jonathan S. Harbours books . I enjoy reading them and I own several of them . He seems to really enjoy his job and that makes for a good read . He also seems to know quite a bit about what he 's doing , which lends the reader confidence . Confidence enough to try things that may cost you money ? We 'll see ... This book is about modding your XBOX . There are several reasons someone would want to do this , and the author covers most of them . The primary reason is to run import DVDs and to install software on your XBOX harddrive . Other valid reasons include increasing the hard drive capacity and turning your XBOX into a Media Center . One reason that is n't valid is software piracy . Unfortunately 95 % of the people who see this book on the shelf will assume that 's what it is about . Those people are wrong . Fortunately the author does n't dwell on that topic for long.The primary focus of this book is around the Xenium mod chip , although others are mentioned . The author provides tons of photos and references to help you determine which version of the XBOX you have -LRB- who knew there were so many ?? -RRB- and includes detailed instructions for installing both soldered and solderless modchips . The is relevant because certain versions will only allow one or the other.I have to admit I 've been leary of cracking open my XBOX but after reading this book , I 've changed my mind . After all , as the author states repeatedly , it 's just a PC and my 90 day warranty ended well over a year ago . Even if I do n't mod my XBOX , I should at least take a look under the hood.Will I be adding a mod chip to my XBOX ? No comment . Will I be following some of the tips and suggestions for tricking it out and adding cool stuff like lights or a new case skin ? Probably . Even if you never crack the case , this is a book worth reading . I read it over a couple days and really enjoyed it.The book also discusses flashing your XBOX bios , dissassembly -LRB- step by step WITH photos -RRB- , upgrading your hard drive -LRB- with more photos -RRB- and installing various after market software.At $ 25 the book is reasonably priced , although you can find it cheaper at Amazon . -LRB- $ 17 last time I checked -RRB-
 I recently purchased this wonderful book and let me say if you are into modding and have an Xbox then this is for you . It is aimed toward newbies and it is very detailed without becoming overwhelming . Detailed pictures are provided as is alot of walkthrus on everything from picking the right mod chips to opening your Xbox to finding the right software . Well Done !!!!!!!!
 Easy to follow , easy to read , easy to understand especially for a beginner like me .
 This book describes how to do anything and everything you could ever want with an xbox.It starts of very simple by describing how to open up the xbox and take out the parts . But by the end of the book you will have covered such things as ; - Installing Mod chips on all versions of xbox-Choosing the right dashboard-Learning the Xenium OS-FTP your computer and xbox-Flashing a bios and installing a dash board-Customizing your own dashboard-Replacing the case-Installing hard drives over 137GB 's - Custom lighting-Xbox Media CenterThese are just a few of the many things that fascinated me about this book . A person who has never seen an xbox before could pick up this book and read it and have a completely pimped out xbox in a week.It is FULL of very detailed explanations and it has tons of very useful photographs.I would HIGHLY recommend this for ANY one who is going to open up their xbox .
 This book is very helpful if you are contemplating making any hardware changes to your Xbox . My primary reason for buying this book was to replace my Xbox DVD drive which started giving me read errors about a year after I bought it . While DVD drive replacement is not one of the topics fully covered by the author , there are sections in the book that will help you get most of the way there and you can find the rest on the web . The author does cover installing a mod chip and upgrading the hard drive , and he does this very well . The book is full of illustrations and step-by-step instructions . Above all , the book helps you get more out of your Xbox while keeping it legal , as piracy is not condoned by the author , nor does he show you how to do anything illegal . This was definitely a good purchase for me .
 It 's an outdated book , but gives you the idea of how to mod your xbox . It focuses on one particular chip that is no longer in production , but you can take the idea and adjust for others . Gives a lot of info on stuff to try and what he did . This is more of a how-to book on using mod chips .
 Just as expected Just as expected ... . Zzz z z z z z z z z z z z z z z z zz
 I really like to Thank 's for this Amazing book , well done ... this book is a beauty and fully contain a lot of informations about my beloved XBOX System ... and more ... a lot of more ... . I want to say for all ... . Buy this item and enjoy ! ; - -RRB-
 This is a great book because has a lot of pictures and is very easy to understand .
 book helped me with what i needed to accomplish.Got the job done and couldnt of done it without it
 THIS IS A GREAT BOOK FOR SOMEONE WANTING TO KNOW HOW TO MOD X-BOXS . IT IS EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND FOLLOW .
 My little boy likes these to put on all his toys to identify his from his sisters . There is a decent quantity in the book and the price is right .
 These are nice stickers and a fair quantity for the price , however my kids prefer the activity books which allow them to decorate scenes on the plastic coated booklet with the stickers . These stickers are not meant to be stuck to the book , but can be used to decorate other things or wear on their clothes , etc. .
 the only thing that I wished the book were bigger and thicker ... but in another word the book was great
 Sister Souljah is awesome !!! I strongly advise all African American Sisters out there to read this one . No Disrespect is outstanding !! Once you start reading you wont be able to put it down . Sister Souljah keeps it real !! My daughter and I both read NO DISRESPECT and THE COLDEST WINTER EVER . I mentor young girls in my community , I advise them to read both of Sister Souljah books . I have a lot of respect for this Sister !!! No Disrespect have Lessons in Life that we all learn from . Keep your head up African American Sisters !!!
 This is a good book , Sister Souljah has been through a lot in her life and this book explain everyone who had an influence on her life . And reading her autobiography has made me understand her books a little bit more , now that I read No Disrespect .
 This book chronicles the life of a strong woman dealing with weak men . I think every woman will be able to relate in some way , shape , or form with this book . I do n't read often , but this book only took me two days to finish . I could n't put it down !!
 This book is the type of book that you can imagine every scene as you are reading the book . Every young girl who is out here living the life of the fast lane should read this book . It was to real and extremely informative . People do not realize what is going on out here . Everything that glitters just is not gold ...
 This is a very GOOD book . Even though I disagreed with a lot of ideology , I still found her stories compelling . I read this book in 1 day . I was obsessed . I truly could n't put it down.In many ways her true life story mimics some of the character 's in Terry McMillian 's `` Waiting to Exhale '' . Intelligent black professional woman gravitating toward destructive relationships . The sacrifices Sista Souljah makes for black men who use and abuse her leave you bewildered . Sista Souljah aks -LRB- SS -RRB- makes too many excuses for black men which cause her much pain and disrespect . She never once discusses the issue of black men respecting and uplifting black women or even more importantly - themselves.My main dislike -LRB- there are a few others -RRB- - her racial views . Yes , racism exists . Yes , due to racism we have many ills in our community . -LRB- -LRB- But now what ... she leaves you hangin ' -RRB- -RRB- I think she needs to consider writing a separate book addressing this issue . Or at least add a some kind prelude to this book because it might solidify some of her arguments.Instead , -LRB- SS -RRB- does not explain her racial and political views , she assumes you understand the issues and it 's manifestations - this is a big mistake . Instead , it gives you the appearance that she blankets racism as the excuse for ALL negative behavior in our community . This gets redundant and you begin to question whether or not she entertains other possibilities.There was a comment by a reviewer that she came across as having an `` I 'm all that '' attitude about her appearance and intelligence . And -LRB- SS -RRB- does go at length to discuss her beauty and intelligence - many , many times ! But when you look at the choices she makes in her personal life , her attitude only masks her low self-esteem . As you can see this book gets you questioning and thinking about your own views . IT 'S A GREAT READ !
 This was great book . It took me one day and half to read it . I could not put the book down for one second . Winter , was such a self absorbed person . This book allowed me to analyze a couple of things in my life . And showed me that there are alot more things to worry about then the materials that we use everyday . Such as name brand clothes and the fancy cars we drive .
 I began reading this book and so far its an excellent read . Now that im on break I can finish it . Im expecting it to end as great as it started .
 This book is so true to the title . Sister Souljah was transparent in telling her story . My respect level for Sister on a rating from 1 - 10 is 10 . Every young woman between ages 18 - 25 need to read this book . Her experiences and knowledge about life can keep young woman from making huge mistakes .
 Awesome , as I knew it would be ! I have been wanting to read this book since The Coldest Winter Ever ! That has been-I know at least six or seven years ago . I felt in my heart that `` No Disrespect '' would answer a lot of questions that we-African American females-have buried within our souls . Sister Souljah wrote this novel so black women , young , old , mature or not could be delivered from secrets of our past or even exotic and freaky thoughts that cross our minds today . Thank you for being a forerunner for many .
 It makes us look at our lives as Africans living in America ... trying to assimilate into mainstream America or maintain our Blackness . One thing that affirmed what I 've always said is that we have to try to help whomever we can to realize their potential .
 I admire Sister Souljah 's great talent for telling stories . Because it 's her very own story , this one happens to be true . I refuse to give away anything about this book besides saying that I have enjoyed it very much . `` No Disrespect '' compells the reader to have an undeniable sense of respect and admiration for the writer who is nothing less than honest all the while being unapologetic and in your face . Love this book , and I totally respect/appreciate this woman 's story .
 sista souljah was very open in sharing her life with the reader.she has great knowledge and understanding of how and why some people in urban areas may behave.i think this is a great , must read book for young people.you can appreciate sister souljahs genuine love for the under-served , and need to be part of the solution and not the problem .
 every young lady and young man should read this book in high school or freshman year in college . easy read in one day , get it , read it , enjoy it , i did twice : -RRB-
 Thought this book was excellent . She has taken the time to practice some of the things that others are doing even though its not her lifestyle and she has found it to be of benefit to her .
 Sistah Souljah is dynamic ! She has the ability to provoke thought in such a critical manner that it gives me chills . Yet another inspiring woman that has shown resilience in adversity and emerged victorious . Her raw edge bears no apology as her goal is to not sugar coat . This is a must read for all african american women in every age group .
 This book has uncovered layers and layers of hurt and pain and struggle for the black woman in American society . Through reading her book as a young African American woman in college I was able to look into myself and similar situations that she experienced and realize that I was n't alone in fighting against what people think I should do . I too struggle with finding a way and means to fight for social justice while finding love in other black men and men in general . I encourage all African American women to read this and women in American 's society to gain insight into our struggle to rise and live for God .
 Sister Souljah is so down to earth ... no pretense . I love it . I am giving this to my 16 year old granddaughter to read . Let 's be real . Our young ladies need to hear the truth in a way that they can relate .
 I was in my early twenties when this book found its way into my heart ; I will never forget the sound of Sister Souljah 's voice in my head , I could hear her words and feel the pain rising from the pages . Though it has been since the early nineties that I read No Disrespect , I will always heartily recommend Sister Souljah 's grand debut ; this book is pure heart ; not easy to come by in these plastic times . I say , pick it up and give it a read , you wo n't be disappointed , and something might change within your soul , a new perspective , or even a song within your heart might be born and you might chance to sing along with No Disrespect ~ I think it takes guts to write like this , and this author has my full respect for putting herself out there . Not an easy thing to do . Sometimes its not easy to read a book chock full of opinions that one may or may not agree with ; and that is the glorious thing about this book ; new perspective , new horizons ; freedom to think newly .
 I had never even heard of this book . I was in the bookstore looking for The Coldest Winter Ever & it was out of stock -LRB- again -RRB- . So I happened to see No Disrespect by Sr. . Souljah & took a chance on reading it . I finished it in 5 days . Excellent reading , it held my attention . I recommended this book to a few of my friends .
 This story weaves many of our public and private lives as African American and the sorrow and joys that we must face being the in that # that is destined to succeed in the odds against the 85 % .
 Sister Souljah is deep . I 'm from Nairobi , Kenya in East Africa and we can relate to what she went through in No Disrespect . I have passed the book on to the rest of my girlfriends and it is changing their lives . Thanks for teaching us that black women are no longer meant to remain barefoot and pregnant . We have exhaled !!!
 Sister Souljah is deep . I 'm from Nairobi , Kenya in East Africa and we can relate to what she went through in No Disrespect . I have passed the book on to the rest of my girlfriends and it is changing their lives . Thanks for teaching us that black women are no longer meant to remain barefoot and pregnant . We have exhaled !!!
 This book was very good because it is something rare , hard and true
 This book was amazing !!! If there is one book that everyone -LRB- white , black , latino , etc -RRB- should read , it is definitely this book ! It is very hard to set this book down once you begin to read it . The scary thing about this book is that it is true . The information about the thousands of African-American youth living in welfare hotels and damaged families are present in the US . After finishing this book , you should be more inspired in help others in need.I love this book and I highly recommend it .
 There are n't enough words to explain how much I enjoyed this book . Everyone should read this joint ! I read it twice !
 It 's no doubt that Souljah is one of the stronger voices of our generation . Her debut bio `` No Disrespect '' tells us various stories that influenced her to become the person she is today . I can appreciate this book because , she got what you call `` a little salt in her sugar . '' Because of her massive intelligence , potential and overexerted confidence , she was to blind to use foresight and see that she was n't immune to heartache and bruised emotions that harsh realities could bring . Little did she know . Souljah goes into intricate detail about her past relationships and friendships with people that affected her life the most . Her stories will blow you away with mouth dropping and lip-curling consequences . I learned a valuable lesson after reading this book , always use foresight in whatever you do . A definate wake up call for those who are sleeping .
 I 've been reading this book lately . It was one of the first books recommended to me as to be really good . It is pretty good and I have to admit Sister Souljah does tell it like it is and she sounds very respectful towards herself and others . Personally I think she was too goodie-goodie , though . She stays monogamous for way too long . I 'm not going by other reviews either . I do n't know any girl that thinks as pure as her , and I know goodie-goodie girls ! But all in all , the chapters are pretty much like glue and they 're realistic . The book is definitely good and I do recommend it . Especially for people who like being in touch with who they really are . I definitely want to keep reading on .
 The book was excellent , very well written.J
 I ca n't say enough about this book . This book is excellent and affects me everyday . The one thing I enjoyed about this book is Sister Souljah tells the TRUTH about Black America . `` Where did we go wrong '' is the question I have . She talks about black female empowerment and our responsibility to our community . In fact , this book inspired me to work in my community more . I do n't care for all the controversy around this woman , all I know is what this book makes me feel .
 Sister Souljah did a great job of expressing her true thought process on paper while undergoing lifes lessons . This is a great book to read regardless of gender . Being a black man in a community of white corporate america , and talking to young minority labours and students , it is important to focus on yourself . Talk to yourself and listen to yourself . Family , friends and loveones will always try and redirect you . Stay strong and focused like Sister Souljah , and your accomplishments will come . It is nice to see a strong black woman deal with it all and still be a strong black woman with morals and most of all self dignity . Stay up and stay strong and keep God in your life regardless of your personal practice .
 SISTER SOULJAH WAS VERY DIRECT ON HER VIEWS , SOME OF WHICH I AGREED WITH & SOME I FELT THAT SHE WAS WAY OUT IN LEFT FIELD . THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH SUPPORTING YOUR `` BLACK MEN '' IF THAT IS WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN . BUT THROUGHOUT THE BOOK , NOT ONCE DID SHE EVER STREES THE IMPORTANCE OF THE BLACK MAN SUPPORTING THE '' BLACK WOMAN '' . IT SEEMS TO ME THAT EVERY MAN SHE ENCOUNTERED PLAYED HER . I THINK THAT BLACK WOMEN WERE RAISED TO BELEIVE THAT A BLACK WOMAN SHOULD STICK BY HER MAN NO MATTER WHAT , & THAT IS A STEREO TYPE I STRONGLY DISAGREE WITH & THIS BOOK SUPPORTS THAT `` OLD '' THEORY . I THINK IT WAS VERY INTERESTING AND VERY ENLIGHTING AS FAR AS SOME AFRICAN AMERICANS ON THE SUBJECT OF OPPRESSION & `` THE SYSTEM '' AS FAR AS WELFARE GOES . ALSO , I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE HER PRAISE AS FAR AS HER CELIBACY & MONOGAMY ISSUES GO . I MYSELF HAPPEN TO BE ONE OF THE FEW BEAUTIFUL BLACK WOMEN THAT ARE PRACTICING CELIBACY . AND IT FELT GOOD TO KNOW THAT SOMEONE AS OUT SPOKEN AS SISTER SOULJAH DOES N'T SEEM TO THINK THAT IT 'S CRAZY FOR A SISTER NOT TO `` GET HERS '' EVERY CHANCE SHE GETS IS REALLY GREAT . KEEP FIGHTING FOR THE INJUSTICE OF BLACK PEOPLE EVERY WHERE GIRL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT 'S CAUSES LIKE THAT THAT ME FEEL GOOD TO BE A GREAT NUBIAN PRINCESS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I enjoyed this book very much . Saw a lot of myself in the pages . Some good and some bad , I think all females should read as rite of passage . Will enlighten and encourage a different behavior . A book that should be read and passed on to others .
 Sister Souljah gets you involved from the beginning and takes you through her life . Alot of progression in this book . The characters were well developed . The individual stories were full of experiences and lessons to learn . The personal note at the beginning and end will deffinitely add something to your life . Sister Souljah has displayed versatility in her books -LRB- fiction and non-fiction -RRB- with characters that leave you wanting more . Outstanding , Sister Souljah ! Anxiously awaiting your next masterpiece .
 I love her work and I thought she was keeping it real . Every black woman should read this book !
 I can always respect someone with strong views as long as their argument is intelligent and they have experience in the area . Her book was well-polished and a page-turner . I thoroughly enjoyed every word of it .
 I thought `` The Coldest Winter '' would be just another tacky sex filled getto love story . It proved to be the absolute opposite . The realism in this story inspired me . I related to it as an African American and as a woman . The Coldest Winter left me thinking that we should never take our lives bodies and our love ones for granted . We should love ourselves and each other unconditionally .
 SISTER SOULJAH KEPT IT REAL WITH THIS BOOK AND SHE IS AN AMAZING AUTHOR . SHE KNOWS HOW TO CAPTURE THE READERS ATTENTION . I ALSO RECOMMEND `` COLDEST WINTER EVER '' . I CA N'T WAIT TO SEE THAT BECOME A MOVIE .
 Sister Souljah became my favorite writer when I finished The Coldest Winter Ever . I just loved it ! This led me to read No Disrespect . The book begins discussing her childhood and how her parents marriage came to end , and as a result her family moved into the projects . Throughout the book she refers to her beauty . She always describes her full figure and constantly compares herself to other women . This became a little boring , until it finally clicks that even with her physical beauty and inner strength , she was extremely vulnerable . She experienced so many trials and tribulations , even though she was well known and respected in the black community.I can not say enough about this book . Her honesty became clear to me in the end . That I really appreciate . Her depiction of `` Black America '' is most accurate . I have stated many of these things myself . Read this book only if you 're not easily offended -LRB- black or white -RRB- and if you really want to grow as a person . My props to Sister Souljah for living up to my expectations . !
 i was walking around a bookstore and what caught my eye was the title of the book , . . then the woman on the cover had a sense of mystery in her eyes . I started to read this and was cought up within the first few pages . As I read more aobut people ; and the situations that anyone can find themselves in , it made me think of all the f. . . uped relationships that I have had in my life and all the lessons that were taught to me through those folks . that 's what this book is about ... learning and relearning life lessons , ... the author seemed filled with pissosity throughout this book , though . It seemed to me that the author was blaming all these people in her life were to blame for failed relationships , and as I read the end of the book , still took no blame or shame with the part she played in those relationsips , . . everyone lied to her about this or that , but she did n't accepet her own truths . Sister , like your syle of writing , though ...
 Sister Souljah is the BOMB ! I borrowed the Coldest Winter Ever from a friend to take on my cruise next week . I got the book from her on Monday and finished on Wednesday -LRB- 3 days and that 's only because I had to go to sleep -RRB- . I 've read a lot of book in my lifetime but this is the BEST I 've read since reading Long Distance Life by Marita Golden several years ago . Keep up the good work Sister Souljah ! I ca n't wait to get No Disrespect in the mail . I hope I get it before I leave on 8/27/00 . Peace !
 I am an 18-year old college student who read The Coldest Winter Ever . I thought that it was the best book I had read in my life until this book . This book is a must-read for all African American women . It tells a lot about our past experiences as black people and covers subjects most black women would be afraid to talk about , futhermore , tell their story . I relate to Souljah a lot because like her I am very smart , but I have made some very dumb decisions in my life . PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEE read this book !!!! You wo n't be disappointed .
 To all my African American Sista 's this is excellent book , I found alot of the story to hit me personally and I am sure at some piont of the book it will hit you to . I found that this book was written with us in mind it will hold your attention because you will feel like she is writing it about some of your life experiences . I encourage you to buy it , you will not be disappointed .
 Sister Souljah is awesome !!! I strongly advise all African American Sisters out there to read this one . No Disrespect is outstanding !! Once you start reading you wont be able to put it down . Sister Souljah keeps it real !! My daughter and I both read NO DISRESPECT and THE COLDEST WINTER EVER . I mentor young girls in my community , I advise them to read both of Sister Souljah books . I have a lot of respect for this Sister !!! No Disrespect have Lessons in Life that we all learn from . Keep your head up African American Sisters !!!
 I think this book is a lesson to all young black girls it says no matter where you come from and what mistakes you make you can make it if you have the determination . This was written well .
 I recomend this book to any young african american and women who are having problems at home and with their peers ... Pick up this book ... it will help alot . Wonderful book Sister Souljah
 Sister Souljah , once again is one of the best story tellers I know . This book was educational eye-opening and above all it was straight from the heart . It helped me to see what I knew to be the case all along , that the things that are going on in our communities is apart of vicious cycle . That we must put a stop to . We are doing it to ourselves .
 Sister Souljah has written one of the most important books of the century . The honesty and sincere concern in which she wrote her story , exposing all of us to our strengths and weaknesses . Maybe it is time that we all take a look at the reality of or environment , our culture , our cities , country and the world . We are sick , very sick indeed , and the only way to cure our illness ' is to first diagnose them . Sister Souljah laid all the cards face up , unashamed and unrepentant . She saved her own soul and unselfishly gave those who will understand a dose of the same medicine that ultimately and may in the end be her salvation . Being a savior has never been easy , but it has always been enlightening . And it is that light that she shared with the world that one day will be recognized as prolific and prophetic . Ms. Souljah that is definitely an award-winning motion picture . Who has the Rights?Richmond , Va. . Feburary 1999
 This book is a must read . Sister Souljah comes live and direct . Nothing sugar coated . This book is the real deal . Any black woman can probably relate to everything in this book , especially the different relationships she encounters . Go grab this book my beautiful people !
 Didnt buy this book from amazon but instead got a copy from my sister and i also just finished it . this book was so awesome it really was a page turner i couldnt put it down i would stay up late at night and read until my eyes began to hurt and i still wouldnt wan t to put it down . this book is very well written and also very inspiring if you are thinking about buying it then i really suggest that you do . you will not be let down at all . i highly recommend this book to anyone out there looking for a good book .
 Sister Souljah is one of the greatest authors of all times . I read this book three times over the course of having it . Sister Souljah touched on so many issues that the black community is facing . I appreciate her honesty as she talked about up and personal issues that so many women go through , but are afraid to admit it . Sister Souljah is not only a writer but she is also an intellectual person who speaks from her heart . Anybody who reads this book will be moved . So many women can learn what not to do by listening to this powerful story . This book on all accounts is certainly a page turner . In a few more years I will revisit this book so I can read it again . This is one of the best books I have ever read .
 Every one of us chooses our station in life , a position from which we posture our convictions and beliefs ; which without apology Sister Souljah is no different.Admittedly I was n't warmed by the opening . It took turning to a page just about in the middle of the book , -LRB- page 109 to be exact -RRB- , and reading from there for a few pages before going back to the beginning to understand this woman 's philosophies , and where she 's coming from.After that , from beginning to end I did n't want to close the book . Anyone who advocates for children wins me over , before and after all else . Of course there is much more to Sister Souljah 's autobiography than the children she crusades for ; she had to go through some things before reaching a platform from which she could stage her fight to help empower disenfranchised children.Other spots that engaged me as well ; her relationship with her family , and as well other relationships ... Nathan -LRB- of course being the premier -RRB- , but also Joseph ... -LRB- Sonya 's spiel was truly potent -RRB- , and Chance I just adored ... at first ! And that incident in Baltimore had me in stitches . Oh , that was one of a special kind of hilarious . Nikki was interesting , and also that talk on lesbianism with Mona . Tusani , and her mother Nita , just may have been the most stirring . It was the message behind the mother 's message that I found tremendous ; one where although it was n't written , I felt was n't lost on Sister Souljah either -- the other thing I found impressive ... her openness to hear what the people she was trying to help , and as well all of those she forged relationships with , were saying.I highly recommend ` No Disrespect . ' I really want to go on and on here , but in summary this work is as compassionate as it is passionate , intellectual , and outstanding .
 This is one of the best books I have ever read . I do n't keep my books after I read them . If they are hardcover I donate them to the library . If they are soft cover and I ca n't find someone to give them too , as much as I hate to , I toss them in the trash . Which is why I now have a Kindle . I have had this book since 2000 when I read it . I LOVE this book . It was well written and I personally identified with it , being of the same generation as the author . I was inspired by the words I read . Between Morrison 's The Bluest Eyes and this book ... `` WHEW '' is all I can say . If I had a teenage daughter I would give her this book to read just like my father gave me `` Young , Gifted , and Black '' to read . I never read the same book twice , with the exception of this book . LOVED IT !!!
 Sister Souljah is MAGNIFICENT !!!! I read `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' first , and I had to have this one !! The man at the bookstore told me that President Clinton had real issues about `` No Disrespect '' . Thats when I REALLY wanted it . And I 'm glad I got it . The girl is BAD !!! I ca n't wait for her next book to come out !!! This book is definitely a page turner !!! I highly recommend this book to every African man and woman !!!
 DAMN ! And I mean that in the best way
 After reading Coldest Winter Ever , I had to pick this one up !
 I NEVER WOULD HAVE A THOUGHT AN EX RAPPER WOULD B ABLE 2 WRITE SO WELL WITH SUCH THOUGHT PROVOKING TRUE LIFE HEART 2 HEART SOUL.N E AGE WILL ENJOY THIS
 I THINK THIS WAS A REALLY GOOD BOOK . IT REALLY EDUCATED ME AND REMINDED ME SOMEWHAT OF MYSELF .
 I love this book ... this is a must read . I read the coldest winter ever and was blown away but this book took that to a completely different level because it is thought-provoking , honest , and most importantly true . I can not wait to see what Miss Souljah has in store for us next .
 When I read No Direspect I was 16 yrs old and was refeered to read this book from a friend this book was the best book I have ever read and I strongly suggest that every black person read it . I loved this book so much I lent it out and the girl past it on and almost most of the black kids in our class read it and it is still being passed on for people to read . So I bought another one and read the book again to get a better understanding of what was being said.I think everybody should get this book I have read over 97 books and out of all the books i have read this is my favorite
 I agree with what Sista Souljah has to say about being socially retarded and just plain not knowing about different types of people that are no good for you . In life I have learned that there are people who you will meet that are not worthy of you knowing on any level . It 's nothing personal , but there are just some people who you will meet in life that are just full of it and have no aspirations , goals and/or plans in life . Sista Souljah does speak the truth on many issues such as racism , sexism , being intelligent and at the same time being overlooked in the black community , poverty and education.I would recommend this book to anyone who is willing to question our status as Africans living in America .
 I love Sister Souljah 's book . The book was her truth and her all the experiences and thoughts put together in the book . I am an avid reader and I could not put the book down . I totally disagree with anyone who could dare say anything negative about the book . It was definitely not boring and not another book on oppression . It was her experiences and her thoughts about her experiences . Anyone who says the book is just about racism is obviously living in a fantasy world . I strongly advise the reading of Sister Souljah !! Any person of color true to themselves can get something positive out of her book .
 I was so touched by this book . Sister Souljah is such an inspiring young woman with quite a story to tell . Her drive and passion in helping Black Americans is endless.Her biography was touching and the lessons that she learned in her short life especially with respect to relationships were enlightening . The style of her biography is `` storylike '' which makes it an easy yet educational read . After reading her other book `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' a couple of years ago , I thought that nothing that she wrote would be able to captivate me the way that book did , however I was wrong . Sister Souljah 's life as told in `` No Disrespect '' loosely resembled the main character 's life of `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' . This is a must read !
 Sister Souljah is a writer who is no scared to express the hardships of life I think this is what makes he a very good writer , not only for the African American community but for any race and any generation . From this book I gained so much information about what really goes on in African American communities . What I really likes is how she displayed the overcoming of a strugle .
 Who is this Sister Souljah ? - She 's fantastic !!! What an amazing book and a real eye opener for anyone who ever wondered what life was like living in the drug world . Sister Souljah addressed all the issues that I was questioning as I read along . This is a very well written book and should be read by all African American females . SS made me care about the characters , especially Winter . Boy , did I feel it for her , and what a fighter . Right or wrong she had to try and survive . Unfortunately her fight for survival had serious repercussions , with a totally unexpected ending . This book is far from predictable . There are many lessons to be learnt in the reading of this title.Fantastic !
 this book really was well written . it hit home personaly . since i knew the characters whom she had written about . Sister , described them to a T. I hoped all would enjoy this book . unfortunately all did n't some of the persons that Sister wrote about wanted to take legal action . But Suljah overcame that , just like she overcame all the other obstacles she had to face in her life .
 This work is simply inspiring , this book should be required reading in all African American courses . As a young Black and endangerd male , living in the United Snakes of Amerikkka , I related to her brutal truth about living in White America . This text strikes at the root of the struggle , while also relaying the human struggle of African American Women . Most impressive was Sista Soulja 's ability to succeed , while remaining true to herself and her people .
 I FELT THAT THE BOOK TOUCH UPON ALOT OF REAL ISSUES IN THE BLACK COMMUNITY . I DID NOT AGREED WITH EVERYTHING BUT EVERYONE CAN HAVE THIER OWN OPINIONS . THE BOOK NO DISRESPECT ALSO GAVE ME AN IDEA OF SISTER SOULJAH 'S LIFE AND BACKGROUND , WHICH WAS A HARD LIFE . I LOOK FORWARD TO READING ANOTHER BOOK FROM SISTER SOULJAH AND MUCH RESPECT TO THE BOOK .
 This book is an eye opener . I learned things about her past that make me see her in a completely new light . This is not for the faint of heart as she will keep everything straight up with you .
 Sistah Souljah created an honest look at the truths of society . To call her a racist for being honest reporting her realities and what she has witnessed in her work and service to communities is mere ignorance . I do not fully agree with every word Sistah writes . However , I commend her honesty , her openness , and her consciousness.The book is a must read regardless if one agrees or disagrees . It is not to be used as a life manual . It is to be used as a mirror , or a stepping stone . If you are the person she regrets being or you want to elevate to another level the book will give you insight that may not be easily found in accessible literature .
 This book was as brutaly honest about black male female relationships as it gets.This book made me a black male look at myself and Black woman in a whole new light.I admire and respect Sistas unrelenting love and passion for her beliefs in self and her people.This sisters story proves greatness in the black womans spirit . Her story proves that in order for black people to truly love one another it requires sacrafice , activisim , vision , patience , and most of all an understanding of the dynamics associated with racsisim and its catastrophic effects on this ability to love one another .
 I heard raving reviews about this book a while ago , and although this is not my type of book , I read it . It started out great , and it was awesome to see someone so focused and confident at such a young age . Then as SS got older , that confidence stuck with her and created her into what she has become today . Towards the end , I must admit , I began to get rather bored and could n't wait until the book finished -LRB- too many bad relationships and a little more Black Power than I care for . -RRB- The book kept my attention because of the different twist that it continued to take , in particular , her relationships with Joseph , Nikki and Chance . It was a unique balance between being confident and being naive , or rather , needing to be loved . It was puzzling to see someone so self-assured and to a degree self-rightous , be so naive when it came to relationships . To a degree , I think that was the point she was getting at.I recommend this book to the young woman who is soul searching .
 No Disrespect is a book that my sociology professor had assigned for the class to read . I must say that it is one of the best assignments that I had ever been given -- mainly because it gave me a new pair of eyes . I can also relate to a lot of situations that Sister Souljah expressed in this book . For example , I too am angry when I come home from work and see the same guys standing or sitting in the exact same place as they were when I left for work . If one is blind to the harsh reality of life within the African-American community , this book will make one see .
 This book was thang ! I read it in three days , it could have been less if i did n't have to work . I just could n't put it down . The end had me in tears , which i could n't really believe . I thank Soulja for writing this book in so many was , but most of all to let our young , black women know the real . Thanks , Soulja
 I really LOVED this book it was so different and interesting . Siser Souljah really kicked AZZ with this one . I ca n't wait until she comes out with something else .
 Often overshadowed by The Coldest Winter Ever , No Disrespect is my favorite book of all time . The talented Sister Souljah , will keep your eyes glued to this book . When you think things could n't get any more intense , they do . You will turn so many pages , before you know it , you 'll be finished . Read this one !!
 This book will hit you smack between the eye sockets as Sister Souljah describes her own upbringing in the projects , in the grips of a welfare system designed to convey feelings of inferiority , an educational system in which black children were given no reason to take pride in their colour , their origins or their past , life in college and as an activist . She discovers a class beneath the underclass where she grew up . Souljah writes of the desperation that gripped not only adults but children and the complete death of love between black folks -LRB- 235 -RRB- . She calls welfare hotels urban hellholes where `` African children were doomed . It was a recipe for extinction of my people . It was genocide . '' This story brings to mind an activist called Geoffrey Canada who tried to convey the urgency of the problem . Souljah nailed it beautifully . Man/woman relationships play a significant role in this story . Be prepared to be jolted out of your seat .
 As I read No Disrespect , I developed a new respect for Sister Souljah - for she is bright , strong , sober , calculating , and in your face , telling it like it is ! I 've read works of so-called prolific writers more than twice her age , yet none have touched nerves and brought revelation to me as she has in No Disrespect!I smiled to myself as I read the penetrating questions she asked the people in her life . I admire her ! I wish every Black man and woman could and would read this enlightening tome , for it is a life changing adventure into a world where knowledge is king ! The multitude of lessons learned are a by-product of a very entertaining read !
 This is my first time reading anything By Sister Souljah and I must say that I was quite impressed with her novel . It felt so real and alot of things hit home with me on a personal level about how we view ourselves as African Ameicans and where our priorities lye . All of her characters where certainly people that I could relate too She kept it real and insightful she made you think about everything she wrote down . I think that I have just aquired another author that I will continue to read whatever she writes because she did such a damn good Job Word sistah Souljah keep doing what you are doing and I will keep buying .
 This book really did it for me my daughter said mom you read her other book you 'll love this one it 's more about her life . I said I really don `` t want to read about her life . It 's probaly boring.No the bomb i could not put it down I read it in two days every break I got at work had me picking up the book . now I wish everyone could read it . Starting with every black child in every ghetto anywhere . We all lived it no matter how you try and hide it . Maybe the parents need to pick it up they might learn something .
 FIRST OF ALL LET ME START BY SAYING THIS WAS A VERY GOOD BOOK . I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THAT ALL TEENAGE GIRLS READ THIS BOOK . I FOUND IT TO BE VERY UPLIFTING , & LIKE EVERY DAY LIFE . MUST READ !!
 I normally do n't like autobiographical books ... but this book puts such a spin on in that category ... . it was unbelievable . I could n't put it down . I found myself laughing , crying ... and most importantly FEELING where she was coming from . I learned all types of information ... and all the while ... was still enthralled by her story . Souljah is without a doubt ... one of the most powerful writers that I have ever come across . Do n't delay ... . elevate your mind ... and read this book today .
 This book was wonderful . I saw myself in her . This is a must read .
 Peace ... I have read both of her books and I am very impressed on her idealogies of life and things she has endured . She definately gets my respect for manifesting her life on paper to share with those who have possibly gone through simular things . I definately suggest reading this book ESPECIALLY if you are a young woman trying to search and find out who you are .
 This book is TOTALLY AWESOME . I started reading this book on a Friday afternoon and was finished Saturday by noon . This book was so captivating that I could not put it down once I started . I am looking forward to reading more of her writings .
 This book was given to me as a gift and I had no idea that I would enjoy it as much as I did . All I knew about Souljah at the time was that she was a controversial sista who used to hang out with Public Enemy . But this is not your average autobiography . The way she tells her story and names her chapters after characters in the order that they appear in her life was very unique . Her characters were well developed , especially Nicki . Miss thang was a trip ! The unexpected turns that happen in Souljah 's life , the disappointments , the triumphs , the crazy people in her life will keep you up at night constantly turning pages . This is a great first novel by Souljah and I am eagerly awaiting her next project .
 Sister Souljah is MAGNIFICENT !!!! I read `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' first , and I had to have this one !! The man at the bookstore told me that President Clinton had real issues about `` No Disrespect '' . Thats when I REALLY wanted it . And I 'm glad I got it . The girl is BAD !!! I ca n't wait for her next book to come out !!! This book is definitely a page turner !!! I highly recommend this book to every African man and woman !!!
 No Disrespect , October 29 , 2003The novel No Disrespect by Sister Souljah is about the life of a young African American woman . Full of stories of triumphs and tribulations , the main character in the book is put into situations that help her grow as not only a woman but also as an African American woman . Sister Souljah No Disrespect takes you on the real journey of her life . She is a writer who is n't scared to express the hardships of life . After reading her first , novel , The Coldest Winter Ever , I knew that I was going to have to read No Disrespect and I was not disappointed . The book begins discussing her childhood and her experiences that she learned from in the projects . It 's a real journey of Sister Souljah 's life full of knowledge and truth . Her writings in each chapter are about people in her life that both educated her and mis-educated her . With this start Sister Souljah captures the readers attention by causing many different emotions . These experiences for Ms. Souljah have helped her to be the intelligent , courageous , strong woman she becomes by the end of the book . With these experiences the author informs her readers with an understanding of the real African American life . It 's a book about a young confused girl who alters into a strong enlightened woman . Throughout the book Sister Souljah the author refers to many experiences in her life that always end up with a resulting lesson . With these lessons Sister Souljah teaches her readers about class , gender , and the prejudices that are associated with them . By the end of the story Sister Souljah refuses to allow people to disrespect her but only gives and expects the respect she always wanted and deserved . No Disrespect is an amazing novel that everyone should read at least one time in their lives .
 I thought this was a great book . Sister Souljah and Eric Jerome Dickey are two of my most favorite authors . Her book is so real , interesting and exciting I did n't want to put it down . Her characters are some of the most interesting and complicated people , and the way the plot goes keeps you wondering whats going to happen next . It is a great book and I promise you wo n't be dissapointed if you read this . Some other good books are Cheaters , the Liar 's Game , Milk In my coffe , and Friends and Lovers , by Eric Jerome Dickey . The coldest Winter Ever and all of Mr. Dickey 's novels would make wonderful movies .
 After reading `` No Disrespect '' , I have learned that the behavior of a race is greatly influenced by the surroundings and the brainwashing of other cultures . Although many people will not admit to being prejudiced , the evidence is apparent . I myself feel that African Americans need to learn about our beginnings just like the teachers in the schools want us to learn about the beginnings of this country . February should not be the only month for Black History . We are black everyday we are on this earth . Sista Souljah kept it real in her book . `` Black Problems '' are real and will always exist . This is a book I recommend for teenagers to read to get a jump on life and the experiences they will face . I have much love for my people , and want us to again unify and take care of business ; raising strong black children .
 I really enjoyed this novel . After reading `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' , I knew that I had to read this book . Although `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' was fictional , and `` No Disrespect '' was more non-fictional , there are overlapping similarities . It is a novel that I felt I could not put down.Souljah talks about her life from childhood , adolescence , and then young-adulthood and reflects on those people in her life that taught her valuable lessons -LRB- whether intentionally or unintentionally -RRB- . As an African American heterosexual woman , I disagree with her views on both homosexuality -LRB- I felt that she was a little homophobic and misunderstanding about that aspect of sexuality -RRB- , and the extent of her talking about interracial dating , the black vs. white issue , etc. . However , I respect her opinions and feel that she was speaking her life truths , and what was important in her life . I deeply respect Souljah 's opinionated mind , and agree that writing is all about expressing your personal beliefs and truths .
 I could n't put this book down when I read it . Sista is cut throat and straight to the point . Like the most dedicated rapper , she speaks her mind and she 's not very concerned about offending those who might disagree with her.Though I do n't share her views about homosexuality , I think this book , like Assata Shakur 's `` Assta '' is very important work about cultural identity . I could relate strongly to Souljah 's coming into a sense of her African self . We shared the same experiences of going to college and reading about African history , by Black authors . This experience helps to shape one 's cultural identity and sense of African pride.I 'm sure many people will find Souljah a little egotistical , but I 'm also sure she was and remains a powerful roal model for many young people.I strongly recommend this work for high school and college classrooms .
 Every now and then we will look at a book on a shelf , a cd next to an entertainment center or a television show and see the people whom star , sing or are the author as immortal . Like they can do no wrong , and if they do we persecute them for their flaws . We do n't understand that they are flesh and blood like you and I . This book is brings you back into reality . After reading The coldest winter ever I picked up this book expecting to read about a highly enlightened woman whom 's understanding is on a plateu that we as mere mortals can not forsee . Yet as I began to read I found my self saying , `` Oh hell naw ! '' to this and `` WHAT ! '' to that . I even found myself disliking some views while being intrigued by others . If you do n't read another book you need to read this one . And read it right now . I 've recommended it so much I messed around and let my own copy loose and I have to rebuy it myself for my personal collection . This is one of those books you just need to have in your collection no questions asked.Nikkea `` Auset '' Lewis
 This book is soooooooooooooo good . I have a teenage relative that does n't like to read and she read this book in two days . This book gives insight into the life of a drug dealers family - particualary his older daughter to outsiders . All teenage girls should really really read this book . Anytime I see someone reading this book I tell them your money is well spent .
 I was really feelin ' this book . She was able to keep my attention from start to finish . The thing about this book which was most impressive was how I was able to look at her past experiences , highs and lows , and be able to apply that to myself and my situations I 've had in the past and my current ones with the opposite sex . I gained a new amount of respect and admiration for her from her story .
 I REALLY ENJOYED THIS BOOK . IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME . MY NEXT READ WILL BE THE COLDEST WINTER EVER . DEFINATELY A SUGGESTED READ .
 This was a great book , but not better than the Coldest Winter Ever , also by Souljah .
 I enjoyed reading about the people in this book . Her view on life in this country as a black woman was not watered down .
 Sister Souljah is a writer who is no scared to express the hardships of life I think this is what makes he a very good writer , not only for the African American community but for any race and any generation . From this book I gained so much information about what really goes on in African American communities . What I really likes is how she displayed the overcoming of a strugle .
 I just want to say a special peace and blessings to Souljah . I think for someone like her to get down and intimate and dirty into her life is remarkable , even more so because she is doing it for her people , particularily young African American females . Some of the experiences she had resonated deep within my spirit while many of them did not . The one thing that I think is frightful though is that if Souljah is not careful her book takes on a tone of racism . Now I understand that due to her rage , because for those who know history , it would be crazy not to be enraged and the injustice done to AfAm people . However , I think Souljah should push the idea of self-reliance more and also not be to overly romantic about Africa . Other than that , the language is raw but beautiful , Souljah lets us grow and learn with her . Who knows ? Maybe down the road she will come back with something else for us.Peace
 the story is about a girl named winter santiaga , her father sells illegal drugs for a living . she has 3 younger sisters . their names is mercedes lexus and porshe . her dad eventually got caught and sent to jail . now she 's struggling for survival between brooklyn and long island .
 This book was beautiful . I still ca n't believe all those things happened to her . Some people have the worst . I think she is a good symbol of the Black woman . Keep on keepin ' on Sista !
 I have learned so much from this book , about my culture and me I mean I already knew that as an African American I have to be twice as smart and work twice as hard as the average white person , but reading sistah souljahs book I have learned so much more .
 Sister Souljah 's `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' is one of the best books that I have read in a while . The characters are so real , it 's like you know them on a personal basis . Their is never a boring page , paragraph , or line . This book was OFF DA CHAIN !
 If you have time to sit down and read `` The Coldest Winter Ever '' how could you not have time to read `` No Disrespect ? '' This is a reallife survival book for the soul . Unlike `` Winter '' which is adapted from the streets and experience , `` No Disrespect '' is the actual written words of the experience . After this book , one will find that they will never disrespect another black female and you 'll look at your life a little differently .
 This book was sooooo good , Da Bomb . This was really and unexpected surprise for me . I thought that she would focus more on political issues and our -LRB- African-Americans -RRB- struggles in Africa . She did focus on those issues , but she brought them to life , with the story of her life . I want her to write another book .
 I throughly enjoyed this book . It has been quite an inspiration to both my husband and I to learn more about black culture . Although we were raised in the Caribbean we can still identify with the topics covered in this book . I have gleaned quite a number of child raring tips from reading this book . If you have not already done so , please go out and buy yourself a copy of this book and read it immediately .
 I recently found some clips of her on Phil Donahue from the 1990 's . She would whine about Back `` victimhood '' in a high-pitched baby voice while the show host would condescendingly encourage her to go on , all the while trying not to laugh at her.Fortunately for her , this book makes Sister Souljah look like a smart person and a great writer . Unfortunately , she also comes off as a desperate , man-starved , boyfriend-stealing wretch . For instance , she goes on one bad date after another with men who are either bums , or financially successful and incredibly conceited . I ca n't accuse her of being lazy ; on the contrary , she works hard at putting together healthy activities for Black youth . But I felt that her anger was misdirected . She makes out Black people to be victims , while at the same time describing her own people abusing each other . She writes about how her mother 's promiscuity disgusted her , and how it made her `` rebel '' by refusing to have sex with boys . But as an adult , she has no problem messing around with men who are already attached . Then she writes about the welfare hotels that housed the poor , and how the security guards extorted sexual favors from the female residents . But whose fault was that ? White people did n't force anyone into the welfare hotels.I 'd recommend the book anyway . However , I think the book needs a sequel . Most of the events in the book end around 1990 , and the country has changed since ; AIDS , computers , the internet , the dot-com explosion . She looks like she 's changed , so it would make sense for her to write another book like this .
 Sista Souljah is about knowledge and empowering the people . So if you want to know about the survival of the black community . Read this book , I do n't mean No Respect
 SISTER SOULJAH IS THE BEST WRITER THAT I HAVE EXPERIENCED SO FAR . NO DISRESPECT HAS FILLED ME WITH SO MANY FEELINGS AND THOUGHTS THAT I HONESTLY DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY . NO DISRESPECT IS A MUST READ FOR EVERYBODY , THIS BOOK WILL MAKE YOU THINK , YOUR OUTLOOK WILL CHANGE AND YOU WILL WANT TO CHANGE . GET THIS BOOK - GUARANTEED TO BE ONE OF THE BEST PURCHASES YOU CAN MAKE !
 I read this book and it enlightened me very much . I thank you Sister Souljah for putting into words what I have been unable to say . Sister Souljah writes of her own experiences and at the very least gives advice to young women on how to avoid the pitfalls that will certainly lie ahead of us . Thank you for a wonderful book .
 I just finished reading No Disrespect and I thought that it was a good book . I loved how she showed the reader into her personal experiences and at the end tied everything together to give a moral lesson . I liked how she showed that she even has flaws and works to try to fix them . But one thing I disagreed with was how she pointed the finger of blame at all whites for the problems African American people go through today . Yes I agree with her on the fact that the government is not doing much in the situation of lower and underclass blacks and the situation many face in the projects , but to blame all whites is a little far-fetched . If you must blame whites also look at the other side and blame some -LRB- not all -RRB- blacks also . She should stop making excuses for the black community because we can be in the wrong also . Other than that I thought it was a wonderful book and women can learn through her experiences .
 Gosh , if memories did n't surge back just by seeing the cover of this book . I too am an author and I 'm about the same age as this one . I must find this book and pay it a much needed reread . I do n't even think I have it in the crib anymore ... probably loaned it to someone ? Not sure . But it 's a good honest fully forthcoming memoir . And is n't that all we ask a memoir to be?I loved her memories at Rutgers but most of all of love she and Chance 's interaction -LSB- s -RSB- . That 3-way discussion held between he , she , and that lady with the nice Coach bag ... Classic ! I liked how it remained civil -- it couldda got incivil , in house , real gutta , real quick ! Thank heavens for class & restraint!Great fearless share . Thanks for this one , S.S. < 3
 Sista Soulja is BRILLIANT . The way she captivates the reader is amazing . No Disrespect , The Coldest Winter and the latest Midnight are on point . I love her bodies of work .
 Well put ! Interesting and a page turner , what I would have expected from an exceptional writer and person such as Sista Souljar .
 I PURCHASED THIS BOOK BECAUSE THIS IS THE 2ND PART OF HER 1ST BOOK THE COLDEST WINTER EVER I LIKED THAT BOOK AND I FEEL THAT SISTA SOULJA LIFE EXPERIENCES ARE OF VALUE FOR BOOK READERS TO READ ...
 let me just say sister souljah is one powerhouse of a lady . if anyone thinks this book isnt about uplifting our race then they must be white . this book has made me look deeper within my self . I stated I was afraid in my title that was because I wasnt sure I was able to hand what might be said . I have had this book for more than a year and I 'm glad i decided to read it awesome sista thank you .
 IT is very DISTURBING to see the negative reviews of Sister Souljah 's No Disrespect . While growing up I developed a sort of disliking to Sister Souljah because I believed that she was a loudmouthed , know-it-all that always had her nose in where it did not belong . Now that I am grown , I decided to put all those feeling to the side to read this book , by recommendation of a friend . And now I totally undertstand her . To all those that had a negative rating , you could not have experienced anything she described in this book . This book was not only educational , but it was a total eye-opener . She gave reasoning behind what some of the raters may say is racist . She is not a racist , she is only speaking through life experience - maybe some of you did not get that in depth into this book . It is obvious that African people have endured centuries of racism and to this day we still do . She only explained some of the reasons why African relationships fail . To the negative readers , it seems as if you would never understand . Hats off to Sister Souljah , she did a great job and I look forward to many more books to come .
 This Sister has the right jargon . When she tells a story that 's what she does , from the very beginning she captures you and you 're reading it because it 's so detailed , precise and she let 's it all out . Her books have you so enthralled you 're like DA ** !!!! She learns and continues to grow right in your eyes .
 It 's easy to see why this book is still in print
 Alberti is one of the more readable of the ` classic ' authors on Art , much less prone to gossip than Vasari and less convoluted than Cennini . That said , some of the text on geometry in book one can be a bit difficult to follow . Alberti also loves to name-drop , continually referring to antique painters , but this was expected at the time - the ancients lending authority and historical context . ` On Painting ' gives the reader an insight into the tastes and philosophies that inform the arts.Most interesting to me , as a teacher of drawing , were the insights on the fundamentals of life drawing - such as positioning of the head relative to the feet , and the shifting of values becuase of the limitations of white paper -LRB- or paint -RRB- being the brightest ` light ' available to the artist . the saying ` there is nothing new under the sun ' comes often to mind - you will read many of Alberti 's observations in any contemporary text.Much of this may seem irrelevant to the modern painter - for example , his comments on consistency in portrayal of the figure may have been more relevant in an age when lay figures were used and painting took hours , but nonetheless bring up key points for the thoughtful artist to consider , especially for those interested in traditional painting . Use this book in conjunction with a good pictorial survey of art history -LRB- or the internet -RRB- , so that you can readily refer to the pictures he mentions.For more of my reviews and links on Old Master Drawings , visit http://drawsketch.about.com/od/oldmasterdrawing/
 as is apparent from the other Amazon reviews . You would not read a medical treatise , or a treatise on physics written 600 years ago , unless you were interested in the crazy-strange ideas entertained by our scientific forebears , and wondered just how we ever got from there to here -- but every one of the reviewers here treats this pioneering treatise on the art of painting as if it were a valid -LRB- if occasionally heavy-going -RRB- alternative to current writings on picture-making ! Just for the record
 Book I is a leisurely introduction to the basic geometrical principles of painting . `` I usually give my friends the following rule
 I purchased this book shortly after its publication and it has fast become a treasured element in my collection.The publication -LRB- yes , I know it 's a bit pricey -RRB- covers all of the theatres currently owned and operated by the Shubert Organization in New York City -LRB- and a few across the country -RRB- . The beautiful , full-colour spreads give details that the average theatre-goer would not be able to see in a visit . History abounds in the richly detailed text that encompasses 100 years of American theatrical history.There are many production photos that add to the story that each individual house holds in its history . Many of these shots are previously unpublished or are quite rare to say the least.I can fully recommend this book to any person who holds a love of the theatre and/or the unique architecture that composes this luxurious world.Note
 Any theatre buff will think he or she has died and gone to hog heaven . It is virtually impossible to put this gorgeous book down . Put together by the archivists who work for the Shubert Organization , this book covers Broadway with the Shuberts for the past 100 years . Currently the Organization owns 17 Broadway houses . A history of each theatre and what has played there is covered on these pages . The photography and beautiful design make this one of the best coffee table size books I have ever seen . And I have quite a collection . You wo n't regret your purchase !
 An amazing book that I could n't put down . The Shuberts have compiled a great tribute to Broadway theater . It 's worth the money if you are a theater history buff !
 As far as I know , no Shubert family members contributed or added to the writing of this book . As a result , I disagree with the title , The SHUBERTS Present
 The action comes at you a mile a minute as a commuter plane takes off from Boston for a short flight to New Hampshire that should , under normal circumstances , be quick and uneventful . This , however , is no normal flight . Something has happened and the plane is in deep trouble . Even so , the plane might make it if only ... . Polidoro presents an exciting tale and does so with great panache as he weaves the story of multiple characters whose lives are coming together at a critical moment while demonstrating a keen knowledge of detail that includes flight control , harbor safety , guitars , tunnel construction and lots more . Just when you thought there was nothing to driving through a tunnel or taking a short commuter hop , Polidoro comes along to smack you up-side your head . This is a good read and a real page-turner !
 Rapid Descent
 An easy reading book that is recommended for all travelers . A detailed description of Boston area is excellent and accurate ; the reader -LRB- whether from Boston or elsewhere -RRB- may feel as if he/she is a part of the storyline and can experience the thrill as the plot thickens.As a fan of Polidoro 's music -LRB- which has an uncanny resemblance to Gordon Lightfoot -RRB- , I am surprised to find that he is also a terrific writer . I look forward to his next book .
 I was drawn to this book because I am a frequent traveller and Boston is one of my destinations . The descriptions of the scenes are entirely accurate which makes the twists and turns of the plot all the more plausible.Human interest abounds as `` Dr. Jack '' develops several of the characters . The majority are likeable but others are not painted so sympathetically.WARNING
 Especially if you 're familiar with Logan airport and the environs . Jack develops his characters to set the scene and then takes you through unbelievable plot twists . Jack has put a lot of research into the technical aspects of the story . Great book , ca n't wait for his next one .
 Although the character development was a little slow initially , the possibilities of the story line actually happening were very real . I became so engrossed in the book on my flight from California to the East coast that I actually sat at the luggage return carrosuel and watched my suitcase go around while I finished the last two chapters . I can hardly wait for the next offering from `` the Good Dr. Jack . ''
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book . Somehow Jack Polidoro has managed to combine Faulkneresque timing and intrigue with a Crichton-like realism . Although some of the mature moments might make D.H. Lawrence blush , Dr. Polidoro 's descriptions of familiar landscapes and places are hauntingly precise.Flying in or out of Logan Airport will never be the same for me . It 's a good read !
 Jack Polidoro grabs the readers attention from the start . He puts the reader right into the lives of the people who are the players in this book . He begins by telling just enough to whet one 's appetite making the reader hungry for more of the story . His eye for detail is amazing , one would have to believe that the author himself is a pilot and has been through a crash landing in open water . Once the serious actions began to take place , I found myself riveted to the book to the degree that I could not put it down until I had completed it . Polidoro manages to come up with an unexpected domino affect as a result of the first tragedy to take place . He has just enough twists and turns in his novel to peak the interest of any reader . Had I not read the nature of the plot , I might have been hesitant to take another flight on a commercial airline . This is one book that has it all , suspense , romance , intrigue , and fast action . I would recommend it as a great read for everyone .
 I had the pleasure of meeting Jack Polidoro and his family at the Meredith Sundial Shop book signing of Rapid Descent on 7/16/00 . Jack 's affable nature and killer smile captivated all as does his book.From the first page to the last , the reader is totally engrossed.It is a true page-turner to be read without interruption.The thrills , plot twists and character developments sustain throughout and the factual information is a plus!Should easily become a movie and , moreover , an Oprah book club choice-it is that entertaining and worthy of notice.I , along with Jack 's new-found fans , eagerly await his second book.Good luck , Jack !
 Jack Polidoro grabs the readers attention from the start . He puts the reader right into the lives of the people who are the players in this book . He begins by telling just enough to whet one 's appetite making the reader hungry for more of the story . His eye for detail is amazing , one would have to believe that the author himself is a pilot and has been through a crash landing in open water . Once the serious actions began to take place , I found myself riveted to the book to the degree that I could not put it down until I had completed it . Polidoro manages to come up with an unexpected domino affect as a result of the first tragedy to take place . He has just enough twists and turns in his novel to peak the interest of any reader . Had I not read the nature of the plot , I might have been hesitant to take another flight on a commercial airline . This is one book that has it all , suspense , romance , intrigue , and fast action . I would recommend it as a great read for everyone .
 Jack Polidoro has written a novel that reads like non fiction . I could not put it down . His research amazed me and was well done . Polidoro does not bore the reader with too much detail . As the novel unfolds , the reader will be caught up in a few unexpected suspenseful events that make you feel you are there . This book is a great read for everyone ; and I hope Polidoro will continue with his great writing style and publish another book soon ; he 's on top of my list of great writers .
 I picked up this book at the airport as a perverse way to spend time between cancelled flights - reading about an airplane diseaster . I soon lost track of the present , however , and became totally immersed in this tale of people , events , and the complex interactions of lives and circumstance . The book has three significant strengths
 `` Dr Jack '' describes a thrilling sequence of events which , unfortunately , are all too plausible . The book is a fun read which weaves interesting plot twists and turns into an unforgetable tale . I will never again be able to fly into Logan or drive through the Sumner Tunnel without thinking of this story . I will look forward to his next ` thriller ! '
 Jack Polidoro 's narrative style keeps you interested page after page . The many characters are plausible and the way they interconnect makes you feel as if you are taking part in a well crafted docu-drama . The technical descriptions of the various aircraft , boats , toll booths and other facilities show knowledge of a wide range of subjects on the part of the author , including the performing artists and musicians depicted . I 've passed it on to my fellow adventure readers . I look forward to more from Jack .
 J. Polidoro has written an amazing book ! I could not put this book down and found myself dissolving into tears as the tragedy unfolds . His technical description is fascinating -- I will never take flying for granted again . He also has an amazing gift for character development in a realistic and believable style . I spent a whole afternoon reading this book because I could n't put it down until I finished it . Hope to see more from Jack Polidoro soon !
 J. P. Polidoro has written a novel which will not be forgotten ! In fact , I have no doubts of it becoming a movie . Being a native New Englander , I found the book particularly interesting , however , anyone , anywhere , will be hard pressed to put this book down . Polidoro 's detailed explainations of the characters , make the reader feel personally involved with them . The story unfolds into a series of events that keeps the reader turning the pages until a solution to that particular situation comes to an end . It never does ... Instead , there are twists and turns and surprises that will force you to cancel your personal plans until you finish the book ! Set some time aside , put your feet up and buckle your seat belt ! It 's gon na be a helluva ride !
 Jack Polidoro has a writing style that will keep you turning the pages . This book is a fast read . The plot is exciting and moves . Jack has a way of making the tale come alive in your head . This book should be made into one of those disaster movies starring George Kennedy . It would be a knock-out ! Jack included a generous helping of juicy sex too .
 This is an excellent page-turner from Dr. Jack . Are there no bounds to this man 's talent ? Having left Boston some 2 years ago it brought back pleasant -LRB- and not so pleasant -RRB- memories and even provided me with interesting information about the Sumner and Callahan tunnels of which I never knew.The topic , style and coverage of story are incredibly well researched and delivered . This is a true suspense drama with touching underlying stories . It is a `` whodunnit '' with a carefully carved disturbing tale that will surprise you.With all the junk being published these days , this was a refreshing and dynamic read . As an incredibly busy person I greatly appreciated the short chapters , but be careful because the more you read the less you will put it down.I guarantee you will enjoy this book.When is the next one Dr. Jack ??
 Very simply , I was unable to put this book down . Not unlike some of the other reviewers I too was on my way to Boston on business whilst reading this `` glued to my seat '' book . For the first time , I can say that I was pleased for all the flight delays as I managed to finish reading this book on route . I am an avid reader and can say without reservation that Rapid Descent was easily as good as any of the books being written by some of the better known authors , such as Crichton , Grisham , Cook etc to name a few of my favorites . Well Done Dr. Jack when 's the next one ...
 This book has easy to make , fun to make , simple crafts based on Bible themes for young children . I would say that for children older than about 4 the activities in this book would be too easy . The supplies you need are simple every day craft supplies - glue , paper , scissors.Enjoy .
 In an era of other prolific writers such as James Baldwin and Langston Hughes , Mr. Yerby , an African-American , displayed a different type of boldness
 This book is oriented toward those interested in developing improved strains of edible mushroom species . Highlighted species include Flammulina velutipes -LRB- enokitake -RRB- , Lentinula edodes -LRB- shiitake -RRB- , Agaricus bisporus -LRB- common white button , portabella , crimini -RRB- , Coprinus cinereus -LRB- woolly inky cap -RRB- among others . Caution , this is not a how-to-grow book , but a technical reference for breeders . Reviewed by THE MUSHROOM GROWERS ' NEWSLETTER , April 1993 issue .
 I attended a small buisness class at my local community college , this book was used as our text-book . I found it to be very informative and easy to read . The section concerning Business Plan development was very helpful . I recomend this book to anyone trying to find their way through the myrad of information available when starting a small business . The book is very down to earth , in every chapter there are at least 2 real world examples or case studies for the student to compare to his or own experience
 This book is an excellent teaching tool . I am finding the book very helpful to my college experience . The case studies are very beneficial .
 This book was listed as used but was in perfect condition . Even after paying for express shipping we saved over $ 120 from the bookstore cost.Thanks Amazon !
 This book is about a 16 yr . old girl starting off her senior year of highschool . Haley is a slight hypochondriac , and that brings a lot of humour to the book because in one passage her father tells her that hypochondria is a sickness and to look it up . Refering to the numerous times she searches on Medline . Such as when she tripped over her cat and thought to possibly have Cat Scratch Disease.She writes in her diary -LRB- aka her laptop -RRB- , adressing it as JT junior -LRB- junior for short / protection -RRB- nearly everyday about her life . She writes about her friends and their problems , about her father and his ability to have money but no real job , how her mother left her and her search to find her , her obession with JT , and the chicken pox which she got from the boy that gave her the infamous hickeys that just do n't seem to disappear.My only disappointment in this book is on the back with the discription . Sure , she contacts a spirit through the Ouija board a few times , but she 's not `` that '' into it . Nothing really happens , in fact , it takes up barely in part in the plot . It seemed to just be stuffed in there to take up a line or twenty throught the entire 2nd half of the book .
 Have you ever kept a diary ? In the book The Healing Time of Hickeys by Karen Rivers you get a chance to enter Haley 's diary . Haley is a 16 year old girl who keeps a diary on her laptop computer . She names her diary Junior JT after her crush JT , but she calls her diary Junior for short . This is one of the funniest books I have ever read ! If you like hilarious books or even hilarious movies , I highly recommend you read this book . Haley has never met her mom and liives with her dad who is a hippie . Her mom left her when she was a baby with her dad . Along the way , Haley gets the chicken pox , an awful haircut , and into a dilemma with a Ouija board . Will Haley ever meet her mom ? Will Haley ever get her crush to fall in love with her ? Will Haley ever find out what the healing time of hickeys is ? You 'll have to read this book to find out !
 Haley Andromeda was a typical teenage girl . Except for her dad being a hippie and growing pot in the basement , her having a hopeless crush on JT , one of the cutest guys in school , and being prone to hickey 's from a Cutish Stanger . Ok , so she is n't so normal , but this book is definately halarious . I picked it up on one of my book store trips , and I 've read it twice since then ! Read it , you wo n't regret it .
 Some of the most popular books on the atomic bombing of Japan are filled to a depressing extent with distortions and incaccuracies . These books argue that there was no military necessity to use the bomb . Various nonsensical theories are offered to explain its use e.g.
 Unfortunately their is so much revisionist junk history about the atomic bomb and the cold war . Nuclear diplomacy , racism and other unfounded theories about the bomb have found their way into textbooks and classrooms . Anyone who does not think Truman used the bomb to end WWII quickly and with less lives lost is simply ignoring the obvious and the evidence . This book helps set the record straight . The decision to use the bomb was simple
 Mr. Maddox has done a great service in analyzing the decision to use the atomic bomb on Japan . He systematically demolishes the arguements used by those who -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- think that the bombing was unjustified . He shows through intercepted transmissions how the Japanese were ready to commit themselves to a bloodbath to fight off an invasion and how the Japanese military still wanted to fight even after Hiroshima was destroyed . Overall , the book is great work and should be required reading in schools and the Smithsonian Museum .
 it was and still has been very helpful to know how the system works and just using the book i have been hitting better than i did before
 Amazon has in stock , ready to ship , the 2006 , 2nd edition of the Powerball and Mega Millions book . To get the new edition for the 55 and 56-ball games , type the ISBN number
 This book cuts down the odds with a better chance at winning lottos games . Very informative with many game wheels for all wallets . A must have if you want a better chance at winning than watching others win and wish it were you .
 This book covers the basics of playing lottos . In particular , this book covers all the ` wheel ' algoritms that are out there , and explains the ` balanced ' wheel algorithms , or at least how to use them .
 Since I brought the book and read the book I won the Jack pot . Not only one time but twice ... 5.8 Millon - Plus 120.00 millon ... . Thank you Gail ... My family and friends said that I was wasting my money I told them that I was n't they all laugh at me and told me that I was a fool by buying that book ... Now look at me I am a millonaire . this Friday night I am going to play one more time .
 So wonderfuly wrapped up in Gail Howard 's Lottery Master Guide that I did not even look at this one until 24 hours before the last mind blowing powerball . Then I discovered the fabulous , easy to follow instructions and steps I can take for very little money.I am dyslexic and was intially afraid of this because of the wheeled groups and number selection . I need not have been because it was easy and very satisfying-just did not have enough time to win this last Mega Millions . Sure , I went over it twice but most people would n't have to , my neighbor said it was so easy that she bought the same book . Lots of interesting points like five winning numbers , quick picks , number selection method , wheeled groups-all made simple through step by step instructions . Gail Howard has a way of explaining and laying out concepts that make it all very easy to understand . That is very rare in this genre of books and I have read through many of them-many seem to be directly copying her . She is the one who has been around the longest and she came up with the original wheeling systems-I found something she had written years before any of these other books were out . This really is the author to follow.Lots of suggestions of how to win with very little money -LRB- under twenty dollars-my current limit and some much , much lower -RRB- . I love this ! There are powerballs all over the world and throughout the US this applies to and I am going to make sure I get around to all of them . You can be sure I will be reading the rest of these books .
 I bought this book and sent it to my sister who lives in a Powerball state . She likes to pick her own `` lucky '' numbers , but I suggested that she use the numbers she gets intuitively , and add to it a good knowlege of Gail Howard 's process of using `` smart luck '' . My sister says that she feels better and stronger about her numbers , and has already had one small payout . I think that the more you study this book , the luckier you will get !
 Hooray !!! Now there is finally a book on how to tackle the big Powerball and Mega Millions games!Who else but Lottery guru Gail Howard can give you maximum and minimum win guarantees and balanced wheels with no holes ? You can wheel games for as little as $ 2 up to 100 's if you choose to do so . Powerball and Mega Million games are great for pool playing since the odds of winning are so much higher than regular lottery games . The Mega Millions game has odds of over 1 in 135 million ! Wow ! So what chance do you have of winning these type games ? How about tipping the scale in your favor?This book will show you how to take advantage by way of wheeling numbers to get you multiple prizes . Myself , I found this book an eye opener and there is none other on the market that can compare . You can also view the excerpts of this book and see what is inside right here online.Learn how to play smart and win multiple prizes instead of buying random generated quickpicks ! Take charge and pick your own numbers and wheel them . While any win , anyhow , is nice , it is a much nicer feeling inside knowing that you picked the numbers yourself ! -LRB- I have found this to be so true over and over with the wins I have had in the past -RRB- . : - -RRB- One unique feature called
 I have not quite fininshed reading this Book , I have 2 more Kings to get through , However , this Book contains information that is missing from the Bible . You see the extreme cruelity and wickedness of some and Beautifully humbleness of others , who Loved , Worshipped and Praised God whole heartedly , as God realized their devotion , they were truly Blessed . I love this book and would recommend it to everyone .
 Continuing from previous volumes , From Sermon # 568
 Guildbook Haunters is a wonderful resource for Wraith players , I reccommend it highly . The information provided on the Haunters , their organization and politics , and their eerie driving goal , is invaluable for players and storytellers alike . It provides numerous additional powers for guild members , a clever organization and format , and is every bit as quirky as the Wraiths themselves . With a clever twist on the character example section , this is a must-have for anyone who has ever wanted to BE a poltergeist .
 The diary is wonderful , and Dr. Mack 's `` A Prince of Our Disorder , describes this year very well . I recommend that those who have not yet seen the full 1922 text edition of Seven Pillars of Wisdom get their copy of that first from Castle Hill Press in the UK , sold on their website . As Dr. Mack notes , Lawrence once admitted that his writing was at times `` written with the allusiveness that hints at knowledge refusing to betray itself between the lines . '' It took quite a man to impress Winston Churchill .
 This book is a insight into the world at the dawn of the 20th century . This is a sweeping comprehensive factual account that should be in the collection fo any book reader .
 The first four volumes in the new 4x4 series , each of which features four works by four comparable architects . The concept of linkage is interesting , the four critics achieve an admirable synthesis , the price is right , and the books are full of useful information , plans and excellent photographs . Sadly , their accessibility has been compromised by a wildly self-indulgent designer who squandered eight pages on headline type , overlaid body type with shadow typography , and jammed in far too many miniscule images and discordant typefaces . Its a lesson in how not to lay out a book and may scare away potential buyers.The persistent will be rewarded by graceful writing , especially by the peripatetic Dubliner , Raymund Ryan , and Catherine Slessor , executive editor of the Architectural Review . For the record , the architects covered are , in order
 Consciousness is a metaphysical abstraction that all people can account for , but few can clearly explain . I have researched a decent amount of books appertaining to consciousness in literature and this one by Humphrey is by far the best . Humphrey 's explanations for authorial intent are superb . I will not lie
 recommended by leading authorities on the title , I have learned a lot about ancient history from reading it . . great educating book
 Excellent little book , specially for some of as , that came to this country a bit later in life , and need it to learn the language just like everyone that comes here .
 The book is very useful , there are many interesting things . Especially for foreigners who learn English . Although if you do n't know the language well enough , it will be difficult to understand some things .
 This is the great and very interesting book to read.So for your great experience , pls . try it as soon . : - -RRB-
 Remembering my school and college days . reminds the grammar lessons and explaining the rudimentary parts of speech noun , verb , pronoun , adjective , adverb
 Great book for people that need to write email . It would be nice to review the grammar rule 's from time to time .
 I really appreciate that this reference book is not overwhelmingly long.It is to the point and easy to understand . It 's an excellent resource for young and old alike .
 I enjoyed reading this and brushing up on my grammar . I thing I whould have done better at school if I had this then .
 Very Slick Looking Book - Perfect Condition and Glossy Looking - Looking forward to reading it : -RRB-
 A very nice book in Kindle edition , free for everyone , great gift from amazon for kindle users . I am very happy to have this book in my device . I think this promotion idea of amazon is great and must be endorsed ours congrats . A simple writen book who give us grammar advices . Thank you .
 I found the information timeless . Yes , somethings sounded dated because of time . Yet it did not take away from the content .
 I liked this book it helped me understand why people write or talk the way they do . Understanding the correct ways to talk with anyone .
 Very nice book ! I am very happy with all the information on this book . It explains a lot of english grammar !
 Easy to read and flows wonderfully . I read that Mr. Devlin was an excellent orator . The book is so well-written and informative that I can almost hear Mr. Devlin speaking . If he were living today , I wonder which modern speakers and writers would make his top ten must reads !
 Great book . Really helpful and easy to follow . I know it will come in handy because I am not the best at speaking or writing.Thank you !
 It has been a long time since high school and college English classes . This book helped me remember things I did not realize I had forgotten . Order it today . See what you forgot !! I would give more stars if it were possible !!!
 everything went well with this purchase . the product meets my expectations . i am recommending that any interesting person should go ahead and make the purchase .
 The book was received in a timely manner . I am a writer so it has come in handy . I had this book loaded onto my Kindle .
 digital books are perfect and easy to use ! They take up no space on the bookshelf and are always with you !!!
 free from amazon , downloaded the free kindle app for a new android phone and was trying it out , have not read the book yet but the pages and quality look good .
 The book contains basic but extremely important points about the english speaking domain . I would certainly recommend reading it , for those who enjoy speaking correctly .
 An interesting book for all who ever write a letter or document of any importance ; or perhaps speak up at a social gathering -- whatever.Okay
 This item is what it was represented to be , and I am most appreciative of the fact that I received what I paid for .
 If you use netspeak in your emails this is not for you . Try something else , like Grammar for Dummies . This only works if you have some background in English already .
 I love to write . I always looks for ways to improve my writing . This book is really going to help me .
 I love the free books for the Kindle and Kindle daily deals . They greatly expand our homeschool reading beyond what we can find at our library as well as allow us to keep a copy as long as we need . It is fun to compare the teaching of the topic over time .
 This little book at under 150 pages is practical and precise.If you 've forgotten your grammar lessons , it begins by explaining the rudimentary parts of speech
 This seems to be a pretty comprehensive guide to English grammar which is to the point . There are plenty of useful examples and it covers common mistakes as well as how to write and speak clearly.Best of all it 's free . What 's not to like ?
 It 's been probably over 20 years since I 've had anything resembling a lesson on grammar or proper sentence construction , so I looked at this and thought , hey , a free book - why not?The book shows a bit on the age - proper use of the word `` thou , '' for example -LRB- however , I think we should bring it back . -RRB- However I did find it useful to read and review to make sure I did n't make the same mistakes for the last 20 years , and thus , feel like an idiot.The best part is that the book 's free , which makes it go from `` I 'd never buy this '' to a `` must have , '' even if it 's for quick reference .
 If you want a boost in your communication skills , you 'll appreciate How to Speak and Write Correctly . It is n't quite as fast as I expected , but if you devote a LITTLE time to it , you will improve the way you speak and write . Communication is what BUSINESSES NEED more than any other skill these days . Make yourself more valuable and learn to speak and write properly !
 I love having this at the palm of my hand as a resource with all of the writing that I do . It was a great choice to download for my kindle .
 This little book at under 130 pages is practical and precise.If you 've forgotten your grammar lessons , it begins by explaining the rudimentary parts of speech
 this Book is very basic and strong in foundation , its for people of any age , even u think u r strong in literature/grammar this book can give u much more ...
 Thanks for the fast delivery and the great quality . I would do business again and would recommend friends or anyone for that matter to do business with you .
 Surely the book was not written for Noah Chomsky.Its content is intend for those who wants to remember the forgotten basic principles of grammar and correlated matters.In this , it 's better than Johnson 's grammar.Certainly there is nothing new for advanced students , though for those who needs a rapid and secure general view for a most comprehensive study of the English language , it is a good book.No one begins the study of Algebra reading Isaac Newton .
 A very informative book . Good for reference . Book price was affordable . Very helpful and a good read . Liked the book .
 This book is filled with some great hints . I keep it in my work library , and others borrow it often .
 This book is quite good.This seems to be a pretty comprehensive guide to English grammar which is to the point . It is useful for people for whom English is a second language .
 While this book is described by some as `` old '' , and even by a few as `` boring '' , it is a great and valuable reference for those who sincerely want to learn the correct way to use the English language . Granted the art of correct spelling , grammar , speech , and composition has largely -LRB- and most unfortunately -RRB- disappeared from our culture , but the most successful among us will be those who can properly and effectively compose and present our thoughts ... verbally and on paper . Those who choose to be left behind in this facet of communication do so at their own risk.This is a free book , but worth its -LRB- published and printed -RRB- weight in gold .
 Some people would find this boring . I , however , found it fascinating how little I retained from high school English class ! I 've been reading this book on my Verizon Razr Kindle app when time allows . I feel everyone has room for improvement and this is just one way I work on myself . Personally , I think this book should be read by anyone who has been out of high school or college for several years . Just my opinion .
 This book is compiled from the online `` learningbrain '' monthly newsletter , which gives the latest and timely research articles pertinent to education . The book covers a similar format in 10 areas
 This is an excellent resource , and while primarily written for the elementary or secondary school teacher , there are plenty of suggestions and scenarios for parents too . The book focuses on what can be done to encourage smart learning . There is some mention of the research , but again , the focus is on the `` how '' and not as much on the `` why '' . It does not try to be a book on the psychology of learning , but a how-to book to improvement in learning.Experienced teachers will find themselves agreeing with many of the points made in the book , but there are quitely likely additional techniques and strategies to incorporate into your everyday toolbox . For the younger teacher , this is an excellent way to add a few more years of experience under your belt , with very much less effort.I most heartily suggest this , but more importantly share this information with your colleagues . No man is an island , and it is not very effective to be the only one teaching
 I am very pleased with this order . The book is like new condition , the shipment was puntual.Thank you!Bobby
 Having worked in the L10N industry for 10 years , I found this book to be an excellent compendium of interesting and relevant information on a wide range of topical issues . The book covers basic cross-cultural adaptation , language management , localization techniques , tools and automation . Of particular interest to anyone facing large-scale globalization and internet issues will be Rose Lockwood 's article on CaterPillar 's Machine Translation -LRB- MT -RRB- and Controlled Authoring -LRB- I 've been digging for this kind of information for a while -RRB- , Carmen Lange and Winfield Bennett 's study of MT and and Translation Memory at Baan , Gary Jaekel 's coverage of Terminology Management at Ericsson , and a very timely piece by Susan Cheng of Idiom on the globalization of e-Commerce sites . On the down-side I would liked to have seen more of BiDirectional L10N and I18N issues , and respository-based translation , but that 's a small criticism on balance . This is a book that can be recommended for seasoned professionals and people who are new to the L10N , I18N aspects of globalization , or for anyone who just wants to appreciate the range of issues that face companies who need to provide culutrally appropriate content cheaply , efficiently and of sufficient quality . Well done !
 I could n't put this book down !!! Both of the books in this series are excellent .
 Alyssa 's story is one of the most intrigueing and wonderful of our time . I have read this book several times and it gets better every time ! I ca n't say enough positive comments about this story . It is a must read for everyone !!!!
 This book was riveting from the first page ! I could n't put it down and ignored children , laundry , and dishes until I reached the end . Adams brilliantly weaves her characters through an ` end of days ' experience that will keep you on the edge of your seat -LRB- At least it kept me on the edge of mine ! -RRB- Ca n't wait for book three !
 `` Refining Fire '' held my interest right to the end . I did n't want it to finish . The characters are so real , I ca n't get them out of my head and I 'm intrigued to see how the story progresses in Volume 3 . Linda Paulson Adams is a writer to be admired and followed , in both the LDS and National market . She faces life square on -- and deals with possible future events in ways that made me gasp . A galloping good saga !
 Linda has done it again ! Her first book Thy Kingdom Come
 An excellent reference for any investor , lists all of the s & p 500 with all necessary data for research . Truly a must have for the investor who wants to make money .
 I just wanted to say thank you to my sister and to everyone else who buy 's my book .
 I have had the pleasure of reading her poems all my life , for she happens to be my younger sister . Her poems have gotten better over the years through the experiences that she has gone through . My favorite poem that she wrote recently is `` mother 's garden '' she wrote this poem for our mother after her mother passed away suddenly 3 years ago . I think everyone will find a piece of themselves or experiences in their lives in her poems , i know i have .
 Nancy Hale was the daughter of New England painters , and part of a prominent family . However this book is a very personal and insightful series of vignettes from her childhood to her years as a Boston debutante in the twenties.Hale 's stories describe a world of posh dinner parties , childhood outings , deb parties but all with keen insight into the fleeting nature and underlying poignancy of life . A elaborate dessert is crumbled as guests chatter , a child 's fair is turned to the purposes of an adult social climber , a precious ring is lost.This is a wonderful memoir of the life of an affluent but aware young lady and subtly witty and ironic . Aside from that her stories of chilhood and early womenhood are wonderful to read as she attends school , dancing lessons , her first parties in a era that has passed . For a young women or adults a wonderful book .
 I 've loved this book since I was a teenager , because it transported me to another place and era , much like _ A Tree Grows in Brooklyn _ , which is another wonderful book for a teenager to read with pleasure , and then read again as an adult with different kinds of delight . Hale has a marvelous ability to capture the way the world feels to a child -- the nausea created by school bullies , the amazement of a New England beach to a kid equipped with a brand new bucket and shovel . And , even though as a teen I was dancing to the Rolling Stones at school dances , rather than attending subdeb parties with ushers and stag lines , I found so many of my teen anxieties captured in this book . Hale finds all the magic in even those little crevices of ordinary living that most of us have forgotten about and with her delicate humor she just pulls out a tiny irony , drops it on the page and moves on . For those who wonder what it was like to live near Boston before WW1 and who enjoy books that really capture the detail and fragrance of earlier days , this will be a real treat !
 If you find bold business endeavors fascinating , and you 're intrigued by the colossal mistakes of one of the 20th century 's greatest entrepreneur , then I must recommend this book . FORDLANDIA is based on the true story of Henry Ford 's ill-conceived and catastrophic decision to start his own rubber plantation in the jungles of Brazil . This has been the most fascinating and original novel I have read in a long time . The author , Eduardo Sguiglia , has a very clear and crisp form of writing that immerses you in a very different culture . I 'm sure you 'll enjoy this novel as well as learn plenty about the mistakes one of our greatest businessmen .
 This historical novel is fascinating on a lot of levels , but especially for anyone interested in business . It can be read as a cautionary tale of corporate hubris , of ego mania , and the business failure to which that can lead . Such an original book . Could n't put it down .
 I highly recommend every Bride to be purchase this book regardless of what stage in the planning process they are in . This book is packed with a collaboration of helpful hints to assist the future bride-to-be with the planning of her wedding.Every bit of insight in this book has only one thing in mind , the bride looking and feeling her absolute best on her wedding day . This book offers a realistic and straightforward approach to choosing bridesmaid dresses and shoes . This book teaches and informs the bride , `` the consumer '' how the ordering process works , keeping them one step ahead , which is crucial when ordering merchandise for the most important day of their life.The book extensively covers the gown fitting procedure which is information that is usually disclosed when it is too late . `` Before You Tie The Knot '' mentally prepares the bride for the unexpected so she can approach the event calmly and rationally . This book gives out priceless information that can not be found in any wedding planner or seen on any web site . It is the advice from past bride 's that have already experienced the entire event and offer the future bride their heartfelt and sincere advice.Owning this book is like having your own personal experienced bridal consultant with you at all times , looking out for you as a best friend would . This book has the bride 's best interest in mind by giving out secrets from behind the scenes keeping the bride on her toes .
 I do n't know how I would have made it through the planning of my wedding and the actual day itself without this book ! From ordering my bridesmaids dresses to my dress , I followed all of Ms. Witt 's advice and everything went smooth . She definitely has put her heart into this book to make sure that every bride has the most perfect wedding day !
 This is the most helpful `` wedding planner '' book available ! The author covers EVERYTHING , giving you confidence that every facet of the wedding day will fall perfectly into place from start to finish .
 I found the suggestions , helpful hints and especially the author 's insights to be most beneficial . I would never have thought of all the steps involved on my own and when all was said and done , I received so many compliments from friends and relatives on how perfect the planning and the final outcome of my wedding turned out . I told them all I owed it to the wonderful book I bought ~ Before You Tie The Knot . Absolutely every detail is covered.And they lived happily ever after ~ thanks .
 This book would make a perfect gift for the bride to be . I received it at our engagement party and it was so helpful to me .
 ABOUT THE BOOK `` Before You Tie the Knot , '' contributes a collection of information and advice on wedding planning . The writer imagines numerous challenges one might encounter leading up to the wedding day and offers possible solutions of prevention methods in an effort to help the prospective bride approach the event with a sense of calm . From setting the date and choosing a dress , to makeup tips and timing the first dance , `` Before You Tie the Knot '' seeks to characterize each issue using a candid and straightforward approach . This book is designed to alleviate some of the stress typically associated with a marriage celebration by furnishing a potentially accessible yet thorough resource . From past brides to future brides this guide is here to stop the `` horror stories '' from happening to you ! Please review the Wedding Planner Timeline located in the back of this book to also help ensure a smooth planning process for you.ABOUT THE AUTHORMaureen Witt , owner and designer of Wedding Day Collections , has been in the bridal business for fifteen years as a consultant , manager and buyer . Her work with thousands of brides has made her aware of the amount of planning involved for weddings . Maureen 's affiliation with the bridal business encompasses more than simply choosing the perfect gown or bridesmaid dress . Brides are constantly seeking answers regarding the preparation of their entire event . With exposure to wide varieties of ideas and resources from brides , Ms. Witt developed a strong understanding of the wedding industry . The appreciation she has received from past brides and the knowledge she attained from her experience have inspired the priceless advice shared in the publication of this book .
 Dr. Jeanne Shaw is an outstanding mentor and guide in the area of human relations and relationships , as reflected in her handbooks . From her decades of experience of counseling individuals and couples come the vital lessons that she has compacted into this handbook.I have learned so much not only about relationships , but about life and living from Dr. Shaw , that I remain eternally indebted to her .
 Things I like about the dictionary : * Excellent definitions -LRB- the definitions in this book are some of the best I 've read ; they are accurate and really give the student a sense of what the particular Chinese word/character means -RRB- * Example sentences/phrases with Pinyin -LRB- unlike the Concise English-Chinese Chinese-English Dictionary -LRB- ISBN 0195911512 -RRB- which does NOT have Pinyin for its example sentences/phrases , this one does , with English translation as well ; this if very helpful when one wants to see how the character/word is used -RRB- * Comprehensive -LRB- according to the dictionary itself , the work contain over 10,000 characters ; but this is not for the scholar of Chinese , for as the preface states , `` The dictionary is a small-sized reference book for learning Chinese , chiefly for teachers and students in primary schools and middle schools , and for intermediate-educated readers as well . '' -RRB- * The original Chinese text is included -LRB- this is actually a translation of an actual Chinese dictionary -RRB- Things I do n't like about this book : * All the definitions under the head character is in one paragraph -LRB- unlike the Concise English-Chinese Chinese-English Dictionary -LRB- ISBN 0195911512 -RRB- which list each character combinations of a particular character on separate line , this dictionary does not . Thus , all the information is in one paragraph , making it rather difficult to find the character combination -LRB- i.e. , the word -RRB- one is looking for -RRB- * Lack of some character combination -LRB- perhaps because the book is a translation of an actual Chinese dictionary , it does not include some important character combinations ; this is very unfortunate , for it is an excellent dictionary overall -RRB- This dictionary and the Concise English-Chinese Chinese-English Dictionary -LRB- ISBN 0195911512 -RRB- are an excellent combination .
 I am just starting the study of Mandarin Chinese with traditional characters.I just wish to emphasize what a previous reviewer correctly said
 I have found this book to be very helpful because it has what many Chinese dictionaries do not have
 Good points :1 . You can look up a word by either pinyin , radical , or number of strokes .2 . There are lots of obscure characters in this dictionary that you do n't find in most others . For example , some characters have been invented to correspond to the name of some single , particular place . Also they have characters like '' ' , '' which is meant to be `` greenish black . `` 3 . There is Zhuyin notation -LRB- used nowhere else in the world except Taiwan -RRB- .4 . Both simplified and traditional characters are in this book .5 . Appendices that have things such as dynasty dates and measurements and the Periodic Table.Bad points :1 . The obscure characters here are nice -LRB- = neat little oddities -RRB- , but it seems like a lot of space is taken with words that no one uses .2 . The organization of the definitions is not as nice as the Martin Manser dictionary . So , the Manser-style would be to have character X , and then subheadings for X1 , X2 , X3 ... , where each subheading corresponded to a new word . Under the subheading would be a -LRB- 1 -RRB- pinyin with tone marks for both of the characters ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- sometimes a sample sentence for using the word . There is * something * like that in this dictionary , but it is just not as clear.Overall , this dictionary is useful mainly for its expansion of obscure characters . It 's definitely just a translation of the Xinhua Dictionary , and not meant for beginning students of the language .
 i got this for my son who wants to go to china . he is pleased and is starting to speak a little of the language already . good book .
 The upcoming publication of Auel 's fifth book has renewed my interest in the EarthChildren series . I 'm now re-reading the books and reviewing the first , which I originally read almost 18 years ago . Am I allowed to reminisce like this ? Am I out of bounds ? Well , do n't try to stop me . This book is still clear in my mind after nearly two decades . In the early 80 's , I thumbed through it at an Albertson 's checkout line , finished the first chapter , and told my parents about it . I received it a week later for my birthday ... and loved every minute of the story . Jean Auel 's narrative powers swept me into a past rich and alive with people , creatures , smells , and sights that are immediately familiar , yet breathtakingly foreign . That 's what first caught my attention . Then I began to care about Ayla , the skinny , pale child caught in an earthquake . I followed her story with keen interest and ached over her insecurities and alienation . This is a story about people with all the feelings and emotions of you and me . And though some tried to ban the book for one particular scene of forced sex , I found it in no way glorifying the act . In fact , as a teenager , it made me more aware of a female 's struggle in a male-dominated society . I 'll never forget the experience -- indeed , that 's what it was ! -- of reading this novel . To go back and relive the story of Ayla all over again is a treat . I ca n't wait for `` The Shelters of Stone . '' Only rarely does an author create a world so rich and believable that we could almost call it home .
 To celebrate the upcomming release of Jean M. Auel 's new Earth Series release , The Land of Painted Caves , due March 29th , 2011 , we have a bargain kindle release of the first book in the series.If you have not read this series , you are in for a treat . The novels are set 18,000 year ago at a time when the Cromagnon -LRB- us -RRB- and Neanderthal people coexist . Although certain poetic license is taken with the series , the novels are thouroughly reseached and have received a great deal of praised for their accuracy.Ayla is a five-year old Cro-Magnon girl who is suddenly orphaned and left homeless by an earthquake that destroys her family 's camp . She is found , near death , by a group of Neanderthal people , the `` Clan '' who are looking for a new home after their cave is destroyed in the same earthquake . A brother and sister , Iza , the medicine woman of the group , and Creb , the `` Mog-ur '' or shaman , adopt the young girl . The first book in the series focuses on Ayla 's experience growing up amoung the Clan where she never quite fits in because of the differences in her nature . She lacks the Clan 's strenght and ` memories ' but is quicker to learn and to adapt to new circumstances.If this does n't sound like your cup of tea - at least try the sample anyway . This is a truely extraordinary series that no one should miss . Fans wait patiently for years as each new book is researched and written , and then savor it as an extraordinary treat.Other books in the series are : The Valley of Horses ... Ayla leaves the clan to find others like herself and meets Jondular , the love of her lifeThe Mammoth Hunters ... Ayla 's first experience with a group of her own peopleThe Plains of Passage ... Ayla 's and Jondular 's journey back to Jondular 's homelandThe Shelters of Stone ... Ayla 's and Jondular 's experiences when they arive back at his home .
 This amazing book remains one of my favorites ever . This might sound ` sappy ' , but it 's true ! With beautiful writing , a well-researched setting , an engrossing plot , and lovable , if debatably human , characters , what more could one ask for in a novel ? I normally read fantasy , and this exotic , nearly made-up setting sometimes qualifies at that -- but this is simply better than just about every fantasy novel out there!Set in Ice Age Asia , this chronicles the life of a woman named Ayla . It begins with her as a young child , orphaned , who is adopted into a clan of Neandertals . Just about every novel I 've read including Neandertals has them act human -- but these people are individual and distinguished from their Cro-Magnon contemporaries , without acting in the slightest like caveman savages . Jean Auel explains their larger brain mass , factoring it into the personality of the members of the ` Clan of the Cave Bear ' -LRB- describing all of this race , not merely the clan Ayla is adopted into -RRB- . The young Ayla is different from the Clan people -- while not exactly ` smarter ' , she is far more creative . Not only that , but she 's a tomboy . She defies Clan tradition by acting male -- something Clan females would never have considered . Yet the Clan members are no less special for their traditional actions . Iza , the clan medicine woman , and Creb -LRB- a ` mog-ur ' , or shaman -RRB- , are wonderful characters . And Ayla is amazing , throughout her life in the book.Giving away the plot in this would be pointless . But `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' - did - make me cry at the end . I do n't see how anyone could n't cry . I 've cried at it every time I 've read it . It 's just that beautiful.I 'd definitely recommend this book to anyone . If you have n't already ordered this ... do so ! It 's great . The only complaint I have about this is Ayla 's ingenuity . She manages to come up with so many new ideas , ones that would be revolutionary even by Cro-Magnon standards , that it did n't seem realistic . Still , this does n't detract from the story at all .5 stars out of 5 , no question about it .
 I read this book for the first time more than 10 years ago , and I found it fascinating . I have read it again from cover to cover at least twice since then . It is very well researched , and I could n't put it down . I wish I knew where Ms. Auel got all the information she did on the herbs and plants that she describes in her book , that the characters -LRB- Iza and Ayla -RRB- use for medicine . Some of them -LRB- like the willow bark -RRB- I know for a fact were used , and I wonder if all of the other herbs and plants really work the way she describes ... Guess I 'll have to check on herb and plant books for that matter ! In any case , I also read the other books of the series -LRB- The Valley of Horses , The Mammoth Hunters and Plains of Passage -RRB- , and I regularly check to see if Ms. Auel has published another book of this series . Hurry Ms. Auel , there are a lot of us waiting to hear what happened to Ayla .
 I 've read Clan of the Cave Bear so many times , that I 've had to buy another copy . Along with her other books in the series , this is a must for everyone 's personal collection . Jean M Auel weaves so much historical data in between the story lines , in fact , it is an integral part of all that makes up Ayla 's life . The strength of the heroine combined with her human limitations makes Ayla come alive for the reader . I am driven to find out as much about Ayla as I can in reading this book and in the three succeeding novels in the series that continue with Ayla 's saga . The books are grand , epic tales of a young woman 's growing up and maturing in prehistoric times . Losing her family in an earthquake , 5 year old Ayla sets out in search of other humans in a sparsely populated prehistoric Europe . A clan of Neanderthals stumble across an unconscious , lion mauled Ayla . The Medicine Woman of the group , Iza , cares for Ayla . The clan is initially wary of Ayla , the first of `` the others '' that they have encountered , but she is gradually accepted by them . She has much to overcome , and Clan of the Cave Bear concludes in line with Ayla 's difficulites through out the entire book . The story is picked up in `` Valley of the Horses '' . I recommend that you read the entire series , and then wait , like the rest of us Auel-o-philes for the next book in this series . It 's been over ten years since the last book -LRB- Plains of Passage -RRB- and I think I can speak for everyone when I say
 I read this book , and the rest of the series , when I was in high school . I think every woman who reads these books wants to model herself after Ayla . Brave , honest , beautiful , sincere - I mean , what more could you ask for ? Her totem is a cave lion , for pete 's sake ! Jean M. Auel has an extraordinary gift for making her characters so real and alive - Ayla was probably my best friend when I was 16 . She made me take a hard look at who I was and how I wanted the world to see me , and she gave me courage to overcome some of the teenage social situations I thought I would just never make it through . Funny how a work of fiction can make such an impact on your life . I love this entire series , and The Clan of the Cave Bear started it all . -LRB- just a note
 Earth Children Series :1 . -RRB- THE CLAN OF THE CAVE BEARS2 . -RRB- THE VALLEY OF HORSES3 . -RRB- THE MAMMOTH HUNTERS4 . -RRB- PLAINS OF PASSAGE5 . -RRB- THE SHELTERS OF STONEWhat more can I say that 244 Amazon reviewers has not . This book is full of adventure and it let readers see through the past , on how early humans -LRB- cro-mags -RRB- live their life . Their cultures , beliefs , custom and tradition . Ayla , being born to Others was found almost dying by one of the Clan of the Cave Bears . She was eventually adopted by them and have to adjust to her new family , new environment . The challenge was overwhelming and I ache for the little girl . But then again , this is also where I admire her courage , strength and determination . The affection between Ayla , Creb and Iza was a heart warming read . I admit some parts of this book falls a bit verbose , other parts I find a bit far fetch or a bit hard to believe considering the time plot . I am not an Anthropologist so I may be wrong but Ayla 's intelligence of finding and realizing things on her own sometimes left me doubtful especially for a girl her age . However , it 's really not too deep to distract me . In fact , it piqued my interest all the more and made me read on . Overall , this book is imaginative , educational , entertaining and worth your time.This is definitely a different reading material compare to my usual historical romance novels but I am thankful my mother in law suggested this book to me . It 's the first of Ms. Auel 's Earth Children Series . I am now in the middle of the second book of the series and so far , it is as interesting as this one . My mother in law waited 10 years for the fifth installment of this series and I 'm glad I do n't have to wait that long . It 'll be out next year , 2002 .
 Although this book kind of falls apart if you try to look at it as a realistic view of how human life was 35,000 years ago , If you view it simply as a fantasy novel it turns into a very good book.The story is not especially original -LRB- outsider is adopted into a society , big changes start to occur , etc. . . -RRB- , but it is carried off very well . But where the book really stands out is in the detailed , sometimes almost too detailed , picture of the world . The author clearly knows the world , the animals , the plants , the conditions exceptionally well , and only rarely does she really go overboard in the detailing of this information.Although at times the structure is kind of awkward , especially when characters are thinking , it is a fascinating , absorbing and hard-to-put-down book with likeable , understandable characters.I definately recommend this book to everyone .
 When young Ayla 's parents are killed in an earthquake , the 5-year-old is left to wander the pre-historic earth on her own . She roams for days , looking for other people , following a stream into the vast wilderness . Overcome by hunger and thirst , Ayla is attacked by a lion . Narrowly escaping death , the small girl manages to squeeze herself into a crevice to hide from the lion . The lion 's paw can fit into the crevice and the lion scratches Ayla , leaving severe gashes . Thirst finally drives her from her hiding place and she passes out near a stream.At the same time , the Clan of the Cave Bear , the neolithic peoples we think of as `` cavemen '' happen upon the dying child . The Clan 's medicine woman , Iza , takes pity on the child , even though she is of the Others , and begs the Clan leader to let her nurse the child back to health . Grudgingly , Iza is allowed to care for the child and Ayla is eventually accepted as part of the Clan . What appears as a great stroke of luck for the child , being saved by the Clan , also becomes one of the hardest things Ayla will ever have to do . She must learn to speak the Clan 's language , a language not of words , but of gestures and sounds . She has to learn Clan customs and taboos and how to behave as a proper Clan child . If all of that were n't enough , Ayla also has to deal with the mockery and scorn of the Clan leader 's son , Broud . Broud hates Ayla and does everything within his power to torment the little girl.As Ayla grows older , Iza trains Ayla in the ways of the medicine woman to ensure Ayla a place in the Clan when Iza and her brother Creb , Ayla 's adopted parents , die . In secret , Ayla begins learning to care for herself . She finds an old sling that was discarded by one of the Clansmen . Ayla teaches herself how to use the sling , which is strictly forbidden by Clan rules.As Ayla continues to grow older , she struggles with her own place in the Clan , a group to which she does n't belong . She tests the boundaries and borders of the group dynamic and in some cases , she pays a terrible price for learning those lessons.Friends have been recommending this novel to me for years , but I was somewhat reluctant to pick it up . I had seen the horrible Darryl Hannah movie that was made in the late '80s , and though I should n't have , I judged the book by the movie . Recently , though , it was recommended to me once again and I decided I would give it a whirl . I am completely glad that I did . The Clan of the Cave Bear was totally and completely spellbinding . I did n't want to put the book down . Jean M. Auel , the author , is quite talented . She brings the characters and the settings to life in such a vivid manner that the reader forgets their modern surroundings while reading and is transported to the ancient world of the Clan . Her moving and beautiful portrayal of the Clan and Ayla are simply magnificent.I highly recommend this book to everyone .
 Jean M. Auel 's `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' is an epic adventure into our human past . Four-year-old Ayla lives happily with her prehistoric family until an earthquake takes her entire family away from her and leaves her to fend for herself . In this harsh world where humans are not on the top of the food chain , Ayla escapes death . Her saviors are a clan of bipedal cousins to her own homo sapien family.Ayla has to adopt the ways of the new clan and withstand an onslaught of taunts from antagonist , who feel the outsiders do not belong in the `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' With the help of Iza -LRB- Ayla 's new mother -RRB- and medicine man Creb , Ayla prospers in her new home.What makes this story great is the dynamic descriptions Auel gives us on her views of how the world of man triumphed after the last ice age . Reading `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' gave me a refreshing break from the hustle and bustle of the Twenty-First Century .
 I picked up `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' years ago when I had nothing else to read . I was immediately enthralled and hooked ... could n't believe there was a series and quickly read all available . It was truly difficult to wait for the last 2 books to be written and published ... as of now I am anxiously awaiting for `` The Painted Caves '' to come out in March 2011 ... The story line in `` Clan '' shows how life may have been in pre-historic times with the co-existence of two species . . the Cro-magnon and the Neanderthal ... While the differences are obvious they are also alike in many ways ... Ayla , a five year old Cro Magnon child , is left orphaned when her family is lost during an earthquake . She is found , near death , by a clan of Neanderthal searching for a new cave following the same earthquake . Their lives are immediately intertwined . I wo n't give anymore away . . it 's is too good to tell anything else . . Suffice it to say that you will be unable to put it down ! I envy anyone having that first reading experience of this series .
 This whole series of books is magnificent . So unique , such a wonderful heroine . There are a lot of details in these books , and it 's easy to get bogged down in them , but you just have to look at it as a learning experience . Other than that , this book is fantastic . Moving and inspiring . Could teach people today a thing or two about racism . The only thing I would caution is that I bought this to go with my set , which are the normal size for novels and this book is like a foot high . Not what I thought I was getting . But the text itself is fabulous !!
 This saga is a creative story and is probably the tightest book in the series -LRB- mostly before Ayla becomes a bit of a `` Mary Sue '' character . It also has some absolutely fascinating descriptions of what prehistoric life might have been like - it 's even well researched , though now some of the theories that Auel decided to go with are outdated .
 Absolutely THE best book -LRB- and series -RRB- ever written . Jean Auel creates a world you want to be a part of over and over again . I have read the entire series at least 8 times . Ayla and her family are characters you will never forget.Warning
 Ayla is a carefree young girl -LRB- five years of age -RRB- with long blonde hair , a small nose , a lean build , and clear blue eyes . A Cro-Magnon girl , she lives with her family near a river . But when a devastating earthquake leaves her with no one but herself to rely on , the lonely little girl must wander the forest using what little survival skills she has to stay alive . After giving it her all , she finally collapses and is near death when a traveling group of Neanderthal people -LRB- called `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' in honor of the cave bear spirit they worship -RRB- come upon her . The kind-hearted medicine woman of the group , Iza , takes Ayla in and soon she is learning the ways of The Clan and is slowly forgetting her past language and culture . But her `` ugliness '' in comparison to the stocky , dark-haired , dark-eyed people of the clan and her constant rebellion against The Clan 's strict rules continually seem to seperate her from her new family . Even Iza and Ayla 's adopted father , Creb , the Mog-Ur -LRB- magician -RRB- of The Clan , begin to doubt her ability to be one of their kind . And the proud , self-absorbed soon-to-be-leader of the Clan does n't make things any easier on her as he begins to develop a deep hatred for the girl that causes him to explode on her with anger and violence . It is a long , hard journey that Ayla must face , but she does what she can to make the best of things , even if it means leaving her carefree ways behind.This is without a doubt my all-time favorite book . The author , Jean M. Auel , put so much research and heart into the book , and it is obvious in her absorbing storyline , incredible writing skill , and knowledge of the people we now call `` cavemen and cavewomen '' . It took a while to memorize all of the characters involved in the story , but she pieced it together so that the story was n't rushing on and leaving you wondering who was who ; she slowly introduced them and taught you about them so that you were able to better understand their emotions and personalities . I often felt like I was right there with Ayla , and I have to say I got pretty emotional at times . Most of the humor is just smiling humor , but I did laugh out loud once . I cried quite a few times . I ended up having to grab a box of Kleenex and wipe my nose while I read . I just grew to love Ayla so much that whenever she would suffer it really made me feel for her , even though she is just a character . I recommend this book to teens and adults looking for a good read that you wo n't want to put down . I do not recommend it to kids , as there was a lot of violence and very mature content . -LRB- Remember , cave people were very primitive . -RRB- But I can hardly wait to read the next book and am ordering it shortly . The ending was a cliff-hanger and the suspense is killing me .
 From the moment you open the book and begin reading the first page , you will most likely be hooked to Auel 's first novel in the Earth 's Children series . Auel did wonders with this first book ! Not only is the story of Ayla , the blonde-haired orphan raised by Neanderthals , touching and , at times , exciting , there is a wealth of knowledge about Ice Age plants and animals . The first installment of the series can , at times , move along more slowly then I would have liked . However , I never found myself bored when reading this book . The ending wo n't necessarily leave you on the edge of your seat but you will be longing to read the next installment as soon as possible .
 Jean Auel captured my imagination with The Clan of the Cave Bear . Since I first read it in high school , I 've re-read it at least 8 times . I just ca n't get enough . I 've recommmended her to family and friends alike ... all of whom have enjoyed the book immensely . She has actually inspired me to try my hand at writing . Hopefully I will be able to develop my characters as completely as she has and also tell a story that grips the imagination .
 I read this book , and thought it was amazing . I truely recommend it to anyone . I 've read several of the reviews where people are stating that there is false information about the ice age , plants , etc. in this novel . I 'd like to remind these people that this is a novel , and she never claims that everything stated in this book is 100 % accurate . At the time of writting , far less was known about these people . I say just sit back , and read a wonderful story ! Most of the information is quiet accurate anyways , and it gives us a glimps into the lives of our ancestors .
 I was so excited to get the message on FaceBook today that The Clan of the Cave Bear was available on Kindle ! I have been checking about once a month since I got my Kindle last Chanukah for this . And what a great price.It 's such a wonderful series . Everyone really should read it . I know I 'll be rereading the whole series before the release of the new book in March . So excited !
 An old favorite , the series by Auel was just recently brought back to mind when I found it at the library and reread The Clan of the Cave Bear . I had the entire series up to The Shelters of Stone but unfortunately lost them in Katrina . Between that and my 1st edition collection of Harry Potter hardbacks I still swallow a sniffle . An epic tale , deeply rooted in historical fantasy , the series is a wonderful view of pre-historic man 's -LRB- woman 's -RRB- life and a series that I cherished for a long time . While the last book that I read The Shelters of Stone was a disappointment , the other books were highly enjoyable and up there as a Top Ten PJV Series Favorite.REVIEW
 Set 35,000 years ago this story takes you back in time effortlessly to a time of neanderthals and living in caves . When Ayla 's parents are killed by an earthquake , the 5-year-old wanders through the forest completely alone . Cold , hungry , and badly injured by a cave lion , she is near death when the Clan of the Cave Bear finds her . This clan , left homeless by the same disaster , have little interest in the helpless girl who comes from the tribe they refer to as the `` Others . '' Only their medicine woman sees in Ayla a fellow human , worthy of care . Ayla 's strange ways challenge the clan who live by ancient beliefs and tradition passed down to them from their ancestors . Ayla , represents the physically modern Cro-Magnons . And as Ayla begins to grow and mature , her natural tendencies emerge , putting her in the middle of a brutal and dangerous power struggle.I am in love with this author 's style . At first I was thrown , because of the way she moves from head to head . But it works because much of the ` dialogue ' in this book is nonverbal . I am in love with Iza and Ayla 's characters and even nasty Broud is one of my favourites . It 's not really that he 's a bad guy , he 's doing what centuries of evolution has told him is right . Man is the boss , woman is subservient . That Ayla 's tribe is a group of humans further up the evolutionary chain than the clan makes for interesting conflict . I root for her , cringe at the caveman mentality of male/female relationships and sit back in awe at the author 's amazing description of how our world was during the ice age . the research she must have done is phenomenal , every plant , rock , animal , and person is described in such detail that it comes alive one the pages.My final verdict is that this is definitely worth reading . It is intimidating because it is such a long book and it is one you have to really get into and focus while reading or you miss a lot . I imagine I could read again and again and each time find a new detail or nuance in the writing . I am going to read her other books as well . Of course , I 'll be spacing them out , its heavy reading for me . I do n't often get quiet time.So great book , amazing and talented author , and I highly recommend reading . I 'm a fan .
 Amazing and fabulous.I read this when it was first published and was overwhelmed by how Ms. Auel created a pre-human civilization with such clarity . Makes Planet of the Apes look like the schtick it was!Beautiful writing and a heroine that , without words , made this reader completely bond with her.Incredibly inventive story with such diligent attention to detail that you could almost convince yourself that it was nonfiction . This was no accident as Ms. Auel definitely had done her homework and research.Simply a wonderful book .
 The Clan of the Cave Bear by Jean M. Auel is the first novel of the Earth 's Children series . Her story provides an insight into prehistoric life of humans . The series begins with the introduction of the main character , Ayla , and the circumstances that occur that results in her being adopted by `` The Clan '' . Ayla is first presented as a five-year-old girl who had just lost her entire family to an earthquake . Alone and desperate , she wanders in hopes of finding her dead mother . Suffering from extreme hunger and weariness , she inadvertently finds herself in the middle of a lion den . The male lion , fearing the woman that had encroached upon his territory , attempts to attack Ayla . Only by sheer luck does she manage to hide and escape with only a deep gash in her leg . Near death , she collapses near a river , where a clan is traveling in search of a new cave to live in . The medicine woman of the tribe , Iza , sees Ayla and receives permission to take her and treat her wounds . From there Ayla , a Cro-Magnon , is adopted , if not completely accepted , into the Neanderthal Clan with Iza taking the role of her mother . She will endure many trials for being one of The Others and the novel ends with her being presented her biggest problem to undergo.This first story of the Earth 's Children series is a well-written and researched book with a few obvious but necessary liberties by Auel . She does an amazing job describing a landscape in great detail and providing very believable story of what may have happened so many years ago . Since reading The Clan of the Cave Bear , I have since read the four books following the series and eagerly await the final story detailing Ayla 's unusual and impressive life . While I found the sequels to be a bit more interesting than the first of the series , it is essential to read it . Any reader must understand the different way of life The Clan has and how it affects Ayla and her actions later in the series . However , that is not to say I did not enjoy the first novel . I greatly admired the way Ayla responded to the adversity she faced due to her differences and I applaud Auel for the effort she put into her works that led me to become so entangled within the story that I felt as if I was almost there sharing the joys of a successful Mammoth hunt and the pains Ayla felt as the people closest to her died .
 This is an awesome start to a really great series . I 'm almost done with the third book , Mammoth Hunters and they 've all been really difficult to put down !
 I 'm almost finished this book and ca n't wait to get on to the others . This is entertaining , engrossing and educational . It has taken me forever to get through it but I 'm learning so much about our ancient ancestors that it 's worth each page .
 This is the first in a series of very good books following the life of a prehistoric woman . She uses creativity intelligence to live in a difficult environment .
 This book is for the avid reader who is into prehistoric man , herbs , and a good love story !! I read this book years ago and passed it along to someone else , I had to buy it again to re read it and it was better than the first time ! I love this book . Be prepared to buy the rest of the series and I ca n't wait for the 6th book in the series to come out !!
 I had this book , the hardback copy , for a long time . I had heard it was a good read , but the book was so heavy I never picked it up to read . I sold my copy . Downloaded as Kindle copy and it became a simple read . I , also . downloaded the Audible version to listen to as I read . The voice of Sandra Burr was melodic and kept my interest , even when my eyes got tired.This is deep enough that I must continue into the next book
 My purchase arrived in a timely manner , and is in excellent condition . I look forward to this read as I have several of the books that come after it in the series . I did n't want to read any of those before I read the first one . I inherited the others . Thanks again .
 This is a book I have read over and over . Besides the fascinating world that the author creates , I think the heroine is what kept me glued to the pages . Ayla is gifted with extraordinary abilities due to the life she has led , and we are privy to that life , and therefore as her abilities develop they seem absolutely believable . The heroine is probably one of the greatest characters ever created on paper , and for that reason alone , this is a must-read novel . The bonus is the rest of the world and characters the author has created , a riveting plot , and fantastic adventures . The entire series is on my keeper shelf .
 Currently rereading the Earths Children series ... Loved these in Jr High , but never knew it went past 3 , until recently , so freshing up on the first 3 , to then read the next 2 . Finished this up today . Nice to put the general sense of memory I had about the story back into definite order . It has been a LONG time and many book in between reads on this.If the measure of a writer or a book is getting a reader to care about the characters in the story ... Then Jean Auel is a great writer . I can overlook the horrendous historical lapses , as long as she keeps me interested in what is happening to her characters . And I never stopped pulling for Ayla in this one .
 I loved this book and thought it was a great start to the series . The plot flowed well and I felt like I really knew thfe characters and what their world was like .
 I love love love this series . I read it about 15 years ago , and then just picked up a copy at home and started to re-read it again . What an imagination this author has , and what a spectacular story . I think this book is for readers of all ages and simply ca n't be beat . There is action , adventure , drama , and so much more . You will be horrified , surprised , and awed by the things that happen . Exceptionally written book that you wo n't want to miss out on .
 '' -LSB- Ayla -RSB- was a woman , and she had more courage than you ... more determination , more self-control `` Ayla is a five year old child when an earthquake forces her to flee her destroyed home and her dead parents . Iza , the medicine woman of the Clan of the Cave Bear , stumbles upon her and takes her under her wing , but Broud , the proud son of the clan leader , Brun , takes an immediate disliking to the young non-Clan girl . Ayla grows up among the clan and struggles to find her place.I 've heard so much about this series of books , particularly with the most recent -LRB- and apparently last of the series ?? -RRB- release ofThe Land of Painted Caves . While I had read that that book was n't so hot , I did read reviews that praised the first few books . So I went out and got my hands on an audiobook of the first in the Earth 's Children series.First off , I have to give kudos to Auel for all the research and time she put into this novel . This woman did n't go , `` I 'm going to write a pre-historic novel '' and then just throw in some almost modern humans in a wallpaper world . This book transports you back before cars and computers , before women 's rights and civil rights , into a fantasy realm of what the world might have been like before the modern age . It was vibrant and meticulously detailed . I loved how the Others could speak but the Clan could not ; how the Clan could access memories but were bad at new innovations while the opposite was true of the Others . A lesser author , like I said , would have seen the work needed and given up ; Auel pushed on and produced a damn fine novel.Besides the vibrant setting , the characters were detailed and intricate . My favorites were Iza and Creb , but I also liked Ayla herself , Brun , and Ooba -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . I liked how Iza embraced Ayla and was thoughtful enough to pass along the medicine woman trade , trying to think of Ayla 's future . Iza was a warm , loving , kind-hearted , strong woman . Creb was fantastic . I thought he was sweet and kind , a good father-figure for Ayla , and I loved the comparisons between him and Ayla and between him and Ayla 's son , Dirk . Ayla was a great character ; she grows so much throughout the book . She tries to find her place in the clan ; she is constantly testing the boundaries , but not because she is always defiant . Ayla is just not Clan ; she is of the Others , and that breeding comes through . I liked the differences that she accented between Clan and Others
 A friend at work told me about this series , which i had never heard of . Because of my native american heritage i bought it that evening when i got home . At first when Ayla is walking on her on in the wild , it seems a little boring . I kept thinking of how she was the same age as my daughter , and my daughter couldnt have done that , but then again , it was a long time ago . When reading keep in mind how long ago this story took place , and stick with the book . I promise by the middle of the book when Ayla is living with the Clan and learning their ways , you will be hooked . I think this book is a wonderful way for people to learn how life use to be before the world began to change . You will learn things along the way , and by the end of the book wont be able to even take a break befor starting the second one .
 This book is a wonderful read , fascinating , insightful , and moving , as well as just entertaining . However , Auel really stretches reality in some places , particularly with the telepathy and the `` ancestral '' memories that allow them to remember back to the dawn of life -LRB- and even let Creb see the future at one point -RRB- . Given that for the most part she seems to be trying to rely on anthropological knowledge , these things bugged me , and they were entirely unnecessary to the story ; she could easily have gotten her point across in another way.On the other hand , I do like that she notes their lack of adaptability as the probable cause of their extinction , which I believe -LRB- if I can remember from my college Anth . classes -RRB- is accurate , and was interesting to consider in the context of a story . She did an excellent job of fleshing that theory out with examples , and it stimulated my thinking on the topic . Likewise , she did a good job of highlighting the cultural and anthropological differences between Neanderthals and Homo Sapiens , although I think some of her data is outdated now -LRB- which is obviously unavoidable -RRB- . She did such a good job with this that it was hard at times to remember that this is a work of fiction and much of it is based on extrapolation -LRB- whether hers or the anthropologists of her era -RRB- . Kudos to her in that regard.On a more basic level , some things about the book bothered me . For example , she makes such a big deal of how set in their ways the Clan are , but Brun is constantly bending rules and making subtle -LRB- and not so subtle changes -RRB- . While he made an excellent character and helped the story flow -LRB- and allowed it go the way Auel wanted -RRB- , it also totally contradicted her theory of their extinction . If Brun can change and be flexible , other Clan members must be able to also . And if that is true , it 's harder to believe they would not have changed to resist the forces pushing them to extinction.Likewise , Broud 's character got really old by the end of the book - I think she let it go on too long . He was a good and useful character , in that he was a good foil for Ayla and helped the story flow , particularly with regard to the ending , but he was such an annoying character that his repeated appearances got grating toward the end . I think the book just was too long - by the end I was thoroughly sick of the interactions between Broud and Ayla and Broud and Brun , just because Broud was such a jerk.I see a lot of people bashing the way she portrays the Neanderthals , but I honestly think those people are n't reading the first book very closely - she portrays specific characters that way -LRB- mostly Broud -RRB- but there are also kind , relatively intelligent characters in the Clan , especially Brun and Creb . They might be more primitive , but they are not unintelligent.Overall it was a great story , and it definitely stimulated my interest ; I was tempted to dig out my old anthropology textbooks and notes to check some of her facts . Her characters are rich and interesting , and she definitely gets the reader to identify with them . She brings the environment and culture richly to life . On the other hand , the book went on a tad too long , and portions of it -LRB- particularly with regard to Broud -RRB- became a bit repititious . All in all I am looking forward to reading the next book in the series .
 just got a Kindle so thought I might revisit some older books I 've read before . This was just as good the second time around : -RRB-
 These books were made for people who love to dive into fictional characters . Auel is by no means lacking in detail and I 'm not going to lie , there are places I found myself starting to skim , but it 's truly amazing that the characters and detail are based on graves , tools , and general domestic items excavated from dig sites that Auel visited herself . Creb is quite literally based on remains found at a dig site that led archeologist to understand that these prehistoric people cared for one another even when they could n't physically contribute . But Auel is n't just an in depth researcher , she 's a dedicated story teller who brings to life characters she clearly loves . This is the first book of my favorite series of all time !
 It made me look at how our ancestors had to struggle to stay alive and how pitifully pampered we are . It 's amazing we are all here.I 'm delightd that the book is about a young girl and her adventures and courage -- it 's about time !
 For anyone not familiar with Jean Auel 's work you 're in for a real treat!The first book in her Earth 's Children series is the beginning of one of the mostimaginative , well-researched , darn tootin ' good stories ever written . Fascinating , memorable characters and therare chance to learn a little something about the earth in its ancient pre-history days are only the beginning of what Auel has to offer in the Clan of the Cave Bear.Also note , if you 've seen the movie adaptation starring Darryl Hannah -LRB- or likely the first twenty minutes before giving up -RRB- you 'll be happy to know that the bookis nothing like it . I think there are many elements of the story that really do not translate well into a movie format . Since I 've read the book , I enjoyed a few aspects of the movie because I already knew what was going on.The book is a delightful read . Tough to put down and the kind of story that stays with you and really makes you stop and think about people and how we came to be the way we are . If you 've made it this far in my little love rant over this book , you 've just got ta buy it !! You wo n't regret it , and neither will the people you lend it to after you 've read it . But be careful about lending it . The reason I 'm writing this book review is because I had to buy a new one since my first copy was borrowed and never returned !
 Little nonsense with great characters , what more can one ask for in a novel ??? A plot , yep a pretty good one.The story carries itself from begging to end with a slew of people -LRB- or flatheads -RRB- that inspire emotions such as pity , fear , hate , or just interest.Speaking of hate , Broud is a punk that if I ever ran into him in an alley ... . I would run for my life , the flatheads are really tough and he is one mean dude .
 This piece of fictional literiture has been researched and tho the charicters are fictional they are alive in this book.this is a 5 star novel .
 I read this series of books by the great Jean Auel in the 80 's & reread them all a second time in the 90 's . I think I 'm going for a 3rd turn now in 2010 ! This is the first book in the series & a movie was made from this starring Daryl Hannah in 1986 . If you like variety in your reading material , this is a wonderful series to sink your teeth into ! It is about an `` Other '' , a little girl that loses her family to an earthquake when she is very small . She is raised by the `` Clan '' people whom are pretty much cavemen & cavewomen.She is made fun of for being `` different '' but Ayla is a survivor & the reader ca n't help but love the brave & feisty character of Ayla . She has a very difficult & lonely life in the first book & can not find a mate as she does not look like the people that raised her . The one time she meets another `` other '' like herself at the annual tribes meeting , he is killed by a bear . She is taught how to heal people with many medicine remedies found from herbs & plants , etc. from the cavewoman that raises & loves her like a daughter . This old woman is a great medicine healer & of extreme importance to the tribe . This healing knowledge endeavors to bond Ayla to the clan & gives her a little bit of worth to them , whereas she was deemed worthless before she grudgingly earns their respect.There is so much to this book & it is incredible the vast talent that it takes to write a book such as this . There are four more books in this series & they are all magnificently intriquing & once you begin reading , it is impossible to put the books down for long . This is probably my favorite series of books that are unlike anything I mainly love to read - which is mysteries , true crime , true survivor stories & celebrity auto/biographies . If you are looking for something to read , please seek this book out & know that there is a whole lot of pleasure awaiting you with four more books after this treasure . I give this book over 10 stars , five just is not enough . The movie was not even half as great as the book but I still enjoyed the movie . It 's hard to get into the movie since in this book , the clan people really do not `` talk '' . They use signals -LRB- a sort of sign language -RRB- to talk & other than grunts , there 's not much dialogue . I recommend this series of books highly ! The series of books just gets better as they go . Once Ayla meets Jondular , another `` other '' like her & they fall in love , the books are an even more compelling read ! Spectacular !
 An excellent AUEL written story that you can not put down , Many suprises , and life as it was thousands of years ago . EXCELLENT RECOMMENDATION .
 I love this book series ! I have read the series over and over again . What an amazing beginning to the story of Ayla . The story brought me in and held me captivated from cover to cover . Author Jean M. Auel does such an amazing job of making you interested in the characters and investing the reader in their lives . I love her details and description of , well , everything . She sometimes goes overboard with some descriptions of flora and fauna , but with these books it seems right . Some of the parts are pretty graphic and not the best for younger kids . I started reading her books when I was 13 and eagerly anticipate each one . I never want the saga of Ayla to end .
 Experience life some 35.000 years ago and be amazed.Before you start reading this book make sure you have plenty of time available , because you will not be able to put the book done once you started reading.The story and fate of little Ayla will draw you in and you will feel her fears , be afraid for her life , and breathe easier when the medicine woman takes charge of her and becomes her protector and supporter.Follow Ayla , a 5 year old human , as she struggles and tries to adapt to life with the Clan of the Cave Bear after her parents were killed in an earthquake . Life with cavemen is much different than the life she used to lead with her parents . Through all her struggles she perserviers and becomes a member of the clan , changing the way the clan views humans and forces them to accept her differences.Although a fiction , the story could have happened just like it 's told in the book . The attention to details and descriptions allows the reader to get a clear picture of Ayla 's world . The characters are strong and never fail to live up to their potentials and their individual characteristics.The writing is imaginative and interesting . After I finished reading this book , I could not wait to start reading the follow up books in the Earthchildren 's series .
 PPLLEEAASSEE HURRY UP ! I read this book when I was in grade 5 , am now in grade 8 and have read it 5 times since then ! Okay , so I 'm a literiture junkie . I have read the whole series twice and have thought about the fifth book for so long that I think I could write it myself !
 I FIRST READ THIS BOOK IN 1984 , AND HAVE READ THE WHOLE SERIES SINCE THEN . I NOT ONLY READ THEM ONCE , I HAVE READ THEM AT LEAST TWO TIMES A YEAR FOR THE LAST SIX YEARS . THEY ARE THE BEST I HAVE EVER READ .
 An inspiring depiction of a woman . I received this from my mother in Junior High School , I only read this recently . I wish I had read it sooner . I have sent this series to all my friends . I ca n't wait for the next book !
 It is an imagination full history running in prehistoric times . Wonderfull characters designing , pretty good wrote , full of surprises and easy to read . While finishing the novel I ran to the nearest bookstore to buy the second book of the saga and devore it . Jean M. Auel seems to know extremely good what she is talking about . She seems having deeply investigate prehistoric times , and developement of human technology and knowledge . I was fascinated by the book .
 I have been in love with this book -LRB- and the entire series -RRB- since I started reading it when I was eleven , five years ago . Ayla is the ultimate heroine , yet she is totally human , real , and touchable . Auel 's extensive research allows her to paint a stunning picture of prehistoric earth . Her characters fit this picture perfectly to tell the amazing story of one young girls life . Malinda Brow
 It 's a wild ride that you will take with Ayla as she learns what the world around her is all about . This book is a real treat . Start with this one -LRB- it is the first in a series of four , soon to be five books -RRB- and keep going . Jean Auel is definitely talented . Enjoy
 My husband and I listened to the entire series on audio cassette . Enjoyed it so much we 're starting it again . Please hurry Ms. Auel with the next book
 The Clan of the Cave Bear is by far , one of the most creative and well told stories I 've ever come across . Not only are the characters brought into vivid relief but the feeling of living in the Upper Paleolithic is so strong one could almost feel the ice from the glaciers , and taste the salt of the water . The first breath of air and the blows of Broud . This wonderful novel sets up the heroine , Ayla , for her destiny with the tall and handsome Jondalar in the following books of the series and does it so well it is a pleasure to re-read this book again and again . I would n't trade owning this book for anything
 I have been wanting to read this book for quite some time but I could never get a chance to pick it up and read it . While I was in 8th grade this year , my English teacher gave us a reading list on a certain topic . And on the list was `` The Clan of the Cave Bear . '' I immediatly decided that this was the book that I was going to read . What a marvelous book ! I could n't put it down . Jean Auel has a gift for writing . The characters were built with such detail and emotion that I thought the characters really existed somewhere in that time.With all the research Jean Auel has done for this book , and the others , you feel that you are actually there while all these events are taking place . This book was also educational for me , which no school textbook could do about these past times . I have read the three other books by Jean Auel and I am anxiously waiting for the fifth book
 I usually read techincal books and actually bought this novel because it was recommended to me while inquiring about books to get for my 16 year old daughter for the summer.I picked up the book while in a hotel room with the family asleep in hopes that it would lull me off to sleep but , I was wrong . Instead it led me down a path of time travel that brought me a kind of knowledge and understanding that kept me captivated from beginning to end . My techie books took a back seat to this most incredible , insightful and absorbing book as I look forward to reading the rest of the books in this series , my only disappointment in this book was that it had to come to an end .
 There are n't enough words to describe this work of art , but I 'll do my best with what I have . I was just amazed , to say the least , when I read the last page of Clan of the Cave Bear , with craving for more . The story line is simply magnificent and richly detailed . it 's just something that keeps you on your seat . And reading the whole series , I still want more . I 'm extremelly confident that the next bok will deliver the same kind of exitment the others did .
 This book was and is good but there are some boring and annoying parts . First , with the annoying parts . it bugged me and sometimes got me mad how she kept going against clan ways . I just could not belive that she kept doing it I mean at first with the weapon thing I said fine , but the a few more things and a few more things and the gosh darned baby thing and the breaking of Iza 's bowl and drinking all that ceremony crap instead of just throwing it away and going into Mo-gur and the mens clan gathering ceremony . Ha ! this girl is so hardheaded and self-righteous I rooted for Brou sometimes . The boring parts were the long drawn out descriptions . This is good but it is not the kind of book you read over and over . You want a good book ? try Lord of the Rings . ` Nuff said . Grunts in satifaction and tells you to go get him some water . ; -RRB-
 This is definitely one of my favorite books . The end is so sad that three days after I finished tears still came to my eyes when I thought about it . I would certainly recommend this book to all my friends .
 The first four books in the Ayla sextet are treasured memories . I have all four books and their pages are constantly re-read by myself and by my daughter and nieces . Im sure if i had a son , he would enjoy it just as much as we all did . Our books are bound together with tape and the spines are all crinkled , but the story of Ayla remains beautiful and intact . All the pain she went through and how she healed emotionally . Jondalar is a sensitive being who has become Aylas soul mate , the one she always knew she had . I wish that Jean would write the last two books so that i could see how Ayla fits in with Jondalars people , and see if her baby is a girl and what she calls it . Also whinney is a true friend who reminds you just what an important role animals play in peoples lives . I love all the attention Jean gives the book with reference to flint . herbs and clothes and mainly Feelings . I will treasure these books always . THANK YOU JEAN !
 I first read The Clan of the Cave Bear about 6 years ago . My friend had recommended it to me . I loved the story right away and quickly read all the other books in the searies . The way Jean Auel makes me feel like I 'm there is amazing . I work in a bookstore and I have heard that she will not be continuing with the Ayla series but at this time she is writing 2 new books . I ca n't wait for these to come out !
 Jean M. Auel has captivated me with her vivid descriptions and life-like characters . When I finished Clan of the Cave Bear , I had to read the following books . I have read the second , third and fourth in the series and ca n't wait to find the fifth to enjoy it as well . This book and series are a must for any home library !
 Rich and deep , some stories are threaded together , some are spun . This is the first book in a planned series of six which could be classed as a tapestry . The story of one girl who forged our destiny more so than anyone in the history of man . If you are looking for a story that will make you laugh and cry , that will enrage you , empassion you and take you to new heights of understanding what a damn fine story should be like , then The Earth 's Children series is the one for you .
 I 've read all four of Ms. Auel 's books . We were told there would be 6 books and I 'm still waiting for book number 5 . We were left with Ayla pregnant and approaching Jondalar 's people . How much longer do we have to wait ?
 I picked up Clan of the Cave Bear in the local `` Goodwill '' for a mere $ 0.49 . Who would 've known then that I stuck gold . This book is the beginning of a wonderful series that has kept me deprived of sleep for many years . It 's funny how I first saw the movie with Darryl Hannah and did n't pay much attention to it . The book Clan of the Cave Bear was purchased out of curiousity as to whether it would compare to the movie . Believe me when I say , THERE IS NO COMPARISON.These series of books have developed and enhanced my love for reading . I agree with every word written by previous customers regarding the enthralling way Ms. Auel depicts Ayla and her adventures . I can only comment on how it has affected me.I highly recommend these books . THEY ARE ALL THAT AND A TRUCKLOAD OF CHIPS !!! Ms. Auel , if you are reading these posts , please , please ... we beseech you ... . please give us the remaining books . Let Ayla 's long anticipated saga continue . We await with eager anticipation Ayla 's story.We are praying for your speedy recovery from whatever illness you are stricken with , Ms. Auel . Your talent is something that can never be replaced or duplicated and we fear the loss of closure should these remaining books not make it to publication and bookstores .
 As the story of a young girl , Ayla , unfolds we are taken back to the time of early man . A captivating story of her life with The Clan of the Cave Bear is told . It shows of her hardships , human love , and every day life . It will take you on a magical journy into the heart of our species evolution.This powerfully written novel by Jean M. Auel will inspire even the youngest of readers . As a twelve - year-old girl I was easily taken away to a time long ago by her unimaginable storytelling , and I ca n't wait to finish off the series ! Katerina Jurkoshek
 By any measure of literature , Clan of the Cave Bear is an awesome novel . I first read it years ago when I was in high school and decided to pick it up and read it again earlier this month . I forgot how involved with the characters you became . Creb , Iza , Uba , Broud , all of them stick in your mind and nearly make you cry when something terrible befalls them.Intrigue into the story was added by the authors assumptions that Neanderthal man had genetic memories passed down from generation to generation ... something that ` The Others ' do not have . An excellent concept since learning was limited to the past and the future of Neanderthal was limited to food stores and the seasons -- their ultimate demise according to this author . An excellent concept.I have n't read any of the other books in the series for a number of reasons . # 1 after speaking with multiple readers about them they informed me that the sequels are nothing compared to the original . A sad statement if its true . # 2 I just do n't have the time or inclination to read something that my friends -LRB- whom judgements I trust -RRB- tell me that it is n't worth my while . I might pick up and look through the next one in the series . But maybe not . I 'm still on the see-saw .
 I 'm an archiologic from ISRAEL . This book is the best i read about how people leaved here thousand of years ago ... Jean must be a very special person . Keen regards . .
 I adored this book and the rest of the series . I just wish she would finish the 5th one .
 I LOVE THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I read this book over the my vacation in April and i savored every word of it in the airplane and off . This book is about a girl named Alya who is seperated by her mother by a earthquake as a little girl . Alya has to try and servive but she gets bitten by a cave lion and gets hurt and then a clan of the cave bear find her and teach her there ways in this extrordianry book Do n't forget that there are other books in the series . there is THE VALLEY OF THE HORSES witch is the book i am reading know and is the second in the series by Jean.M.Auel , THE MAMMOTH HUNTERS Witch is the third book in the Earths Children Series . THE PLAINS OF PASSAGE wich is the fourth in the series . And the newest one wich came out April 30,2002 THE SHELTERS OF STONE is the fifth book in the Earths Childrens series . I have to tell you the charecters in this book are great . There is Alya , Iza , Creb , Brun , Broud and much much more . i also have to say that my friend is named ALYA after the Alya in this book . I also have to tell you that this book my not be for you . If you like little detail in your stories then this book is not for you . Jean.M.Auel tells about the weather , the sourroundings , descriptions of people and much much more . But if you like alot of detail then this book is for you so I hope you enjoy the book just as much as i did .
 It is one of those books that just stays with you year after year . Trust me you will want to read it again .
 I absolutely loved this book . Looking forward to reading all the rest in the series . The book holds your interest from beginning to end
 The story of Ayla has captured me . So many women can identify with her . I laughed , I cried , I yelled in anger , all in all this is one of my all time favorite books . This entire series is so detailed and wonderful . I ca n't wait for the next book !
 `` Clan of the cave bear '' by Jean M. Auel shows the life of a young girl named Ayla , who is five years old who lives in the forest . This story takes place about 35,000 years ago , this young girl lives with animals , and learns the different way 's other people live . Throughout the book Ayla changes her attitude towards older people of her clan , and towards nature . Her parents are killed by an earthquake which forces Ayla to live on her own . She does get injured however by a lion , after her wandering around the forest she is found by another clan called the clan of the cave bear . She is then raised by the new clan , she fells protected , but still misses her original clan , and family .
 The book dose the job as far as that goes and it is a used book but I was expecting a newer book going by the pitchure
 Loved it - it 's an old favorite that I will listen to again and again .
 I 've read this book twice , and loved it even more the second time . It 's a great read , especially if you have any interest in anthropologie ! The detail is amazing and encapsulating !
 I originally read this book about 20 years ago and found it pretty fascinating . I started waiting for each new book in this series to come out . Have now read them all , and really enjoy the adventure , the look-back to early human history . I like to keep books that touch me and just re-bought this 1st in the Earth 's Children series after my original edition went missing . I highly recommend the whole series .
 This was a great book and a great start to the series . It pretty much made me feel every emotion imaginable . Jean is very descriptive which made some parts a little slow but it really got you into the story you could see everything she was talking about .
 This first book in my 62 years that has make me laugh & cry . It is an amazing story of a young women who suffering made her stronger to survive & to love unconditionally .
 I loved this book . I have read it and the rest in the series at least 5 times . Not only were they fun to read I also felt they were educational and Jean Auel did so much research to try and make the books as accurate as possible .
 This book is definitely adult reading and I 've read it several times and enjoy having it on the kindle ! Thanks !
 So happy to find this book . I read the series several years ago and shall start them over this winter . Sent quickly & in good shape . Recommend this seller to all .
 Jean M. Auel has written a great book , well researched , great character development , and wonderful story line . I return to this book and Earth 's Children series often . It is like visiting old friends whom you do n't get to visit with often .
 This book is the start of an incredible journey . It gives an insight to our origins in such a way that you can no longer doubt ourroots . Ayla is the epitome of all of us !
 The book was listed as used but was in perfect condition . Excellent book , I would recommend it highly . It is evident that the author did extensive research before writing the book .
 I absolutely love the story of the Earth 's Children . I thought listening to the audio would be a nice treat to review the story line . I especially wanted to download the audio to my iPod to take it with me . This is I found most disappointing ... . let me tell you why . The titles are saved incorrectly from a filing perspective . Some discs are labeled accurately and some are not , while some are listed as another book title and author entirely . This made sorting the playing order most trying . I 've decided I will purchase the remaining discs from iTunes in hopes of avoiding this hassle .
 I learned a lot about herbs and what they were used for . . loved the honesty and overall good characters in the book
 I started reading Jean Auel 's Earth Children series many years ago . I borrowed the books from a friend who had them . The Clan of the Cave Bear is the first book of the series . The Clan of the Cave Bear is a good read but it is a better read when you read the rest of the series . After working at the local library 's book sale where I could obtain hardcopies of several of Jean Auel 's books , I decided to just order through Amazon.com those books that I could n't get at the library . The Clan of the Cave Bear was one of those books . Since I already read it , I decided to go the used book route . The used book I got was in good shape . I was pleased with its appearance . I also ordered Shelters of Stone this way . When Jean Auel comes out with the final installment of her series , I 'll just get the hardcover right away , provided it is n't too expensive .
 `` Nothing in her experience ever gave her reason to doubt the shelter and those within it would be there when she returned , '' the perfect opening line to a series of books like The Clan of the Cave Bear . Jean M. Auel wrote this line to help the reader understand the point in life where this young girl stood . She relied on others to take care of her and now she must face life on her own.Ayla a young girl , alone in a world of strangers , is forced to deal with the power struggles and taboos of the clan . Brun is the leader of the clan and is the soul determiner of Ayla 's fate . Iza , the medicine woman , decides to save the girl from starvation . The holy man of all clans , Creb , learns more from Ayla than she does from him . Broud , the son of Brun , is an arrogant man , who seeks revenge on Ayla . Born out of a violent rape , Durc is the future of the clan . Ayla is my favorite character because she changes the most out of all the characters in this novel . As a young girl , she is ruled by taboos and traditions of the clan . As a young adult , she 's stronger and more knowledgeable than any other clan member.Prehistoric Europe during the Ice Age is large-scale area for this novel . The extent of ice and change in coastlines during the 10,000 year Interstadial , a warming trend during the Wurm glaciations of the late Pleistocene Epoch , extending from 35,000 to 25,000 years before present time was occurring during this period . The novel takes place in a cave for a large part of the story . The cave is where the clan live and a smaller cave 's where Ayla contemplates clan activities.Ayla , a young girl who is lost and must survive using only her inner strength to guide her . The leader of the clan and one of the people who help decide Ayla 's fate is Brun , a bearded , barrel-chested man . Iza , chief medicine woman of the clan , takes Ayla in . Creb is the magician , but most refer to him as the holy man of all clans . Broud is the son of Brun and is set to take over the clan . Durc is the Ayla 's child , born out of a violent rape and shall be the future of the clan.The main story within the novel is Ayla 's growth as a person . Seeing her as a young child lost and confused about life . She does not know where she belongs and struggles to find her place in this group of people . As she grows into a young woman she learns survival techniques and picks up knowledge from other clan members . She wants to be more of a factor in the clan and play a part in the power , but the leaders will not allow that to happen.The language in the book uses everyday terms except for in the dialogue between characters , in which it changes to nomadic language . Auel has a good knowledge of early plants helped make the medicine woman more believable . The novel was written in third person point of view . Auel wrote the characters to have a range of human emotions . She writes about not only physical human survival but mental as well . The flow of the story is very smooth after the second chapter . In the first chapter you start with Ayla being lost and confused . In the second chapter you are immediately introduced to the clan and in the middle of the chapter Ayla appears again . At first , it was somewhat confusing but when you kept reading everything transitioned well . I felt the story was strong in all aspects , but Auel 's strongest writing feature is her knowledge on the time period.When reading the novel you can compare it to the present day issues and power struggles , so any person would enjoy the novel . This quote fits the description of Ayla in the novel , `` If we do n't change , we do n't grow . If we do n't grow , we are n't really living . ''
 A friend told me I should read this book , but I never got around to it . Then , last week my mom found the book in a thrift store and asked if I wanted to borrow it . Finals were over , I had a week before school started , so I figured . . What the hell . . I can always quit if I do n't like it.This is absolutely the best book I have ever read . I would recommend it to anyone who has a little time on their hands and wants to go into Ayla 's world . The characthers felt so real to me , that I hated to see the book end . I have ordered the second book , and ran across the third in the series in that same thrift shop today . I ca n't wait to read the others ! Absolutely Excellent ! As a side note
 This was a fascinating book . I learned a lot about the early days of the human race through this book , and the story was great too . Ayla comes from the race of The Others , the more highly developed humans who are mistrusted by the clan who adopts the young orphan girl when she is five . The clan is deeply rooted in tradition and customs and does n't like change or deviation from the norm . So taking Ayla in takes some getting used to . But through the years , they adjust to her presence , and she grows up as part of their culture . She 's different from them , though - she knows it and they know it and it 's always hanging over them . But she pushes on , overcoming obstacles and standing up for herself every step of the way.I wo n't spoil the ending , but I was sorry it ended at the point in the story where it did . It would have been far more satisfying to see what happens after the events at the end of the book . There would have been a certain sense of satisfaction in seeing the inevitable decline and destruction that would most certainly occur under the new leadership . Alas , I guess we 'll just have to imagine it in our minds .
 This book is absolutely awesome . However , if you are n't interested in The history of man kind , then I sugguest you read another book . While reading the book , I almost felt like I was the main character and it kept the pages turning . This indicates a great book that is worth reading !
 I loved this book so much ! It 's so full of details , knowledge , and creates a perfect combine between far hitory facts and a interesting story . Ayla is different , but though , the clan members give her place between them ... i loved it , you probably will , too
 This was a book that I just got lost in . As a young girl , it was my introduction to primitive life and I found it fascinating . It has stayed with me all these years so I have to count it as an all-time favorite even though I really do n't know how factually correct it was .
 I have the whole series on my Kindle Fire , and I love to read them over and over again . THey are really good reading .
 I read this book over 20 years ago and am rereading it now for the 3rd time . I am enjoying as much now as I did the last two times and ca n't wait to read the rest of the books in the series again .
 I had lost the original book that I had purchased so I chose this oneTo replace the first book of this Earth 's Children Series . I love this book very much and reread it immediately . This soft cover volume is easier for my elderly fingers to handle while reading . This is a series that will never grow old and one that I will pass on to my grandchildren in the future .
 This is the first book of the clan bear series . It is really interesting and hold your attention throughout the book
 In her typical style of amazing descriptions Jean Auel is right on the money describing the enviornment , plants and animals available at the time in pre-historic ice age Europe . Enjoy !
 Auel allows us to peer through her literary jewelers loop into a time so distant that the mists have congealed around the foundations of society . We are reminded that even then , the human spirit sought to acknowledge a higher power ; saw itself as superior to the brute beasts that surrounded it and strove to rise from the morass of self survival . Her story of a young girl &#8217; s conquest over the brutality of life becomes the conquest of mankind over his environment . Aylas journey from near death to the joys of self sufficiency is the Sirens call for us all to choose the avenue which is good and pure over the one which leads to destruction.Calvin Howell
 I have read this book a few times since it came out . It had to be replaced because it was faling apart and I could not find anyone to repair it . Looking forward to getting the last book in the series in hardback .
 actually , an intriguing and literally epic idea . especially when I first read it , years ago , the idea of a female protagonist being the central figure not only of the story but of this stage in human , earthly development , was absolutely unique . I still find it so -LRB- I reread it -RRB- ...
 The best thing about this book is that the setting is completely new and refreshing compared to the typical swords , dragons and wizards fantasy books . The narrator puts you in a know-it-all position that is very instructive about ancient history and the origins of our kind.I gave it 5 stars to excel it about some very good 4 star books , but it would get 9 out of 10 only because the superhero of the story has things a little too cut out for her . Every bad thing turns out to be good and it insinuates a &#34; ... and lived happily ever after &#34; ending -LRB- despite it not being so -RRB- . I would have made it a bit flatter and more realistic for my taste , but it 's not enough to lose the 5 stars.The author really did her homework for this one .
 Jean Auel 's EARTH 'S CHILDREN series , starting with CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR , is my all time favorite read . The final book of the series , THE LAND OF PAINTED CAVES , however , was a HUGE disappointment . I want the author to know that after waiting over 10 years for this book , she really let her readers down.Again , Clan of the Cave Bear , is a MUST read ! The next book in the series , The Valley Of Horses , is as good ! Enjoy!Jennie Porter Storch
 I love this book ! I read it years ago and when I discovered the fifth book is out in paperback , I bought it again since I knew that winter was coming . I needed something to keep me busy in those long winter evenings . This book is the best medicine for us winter-weary folks!The book starts with Ayla who loses her parents in an earthquake and was found , wandering around delirious with pain from four lion scratches on her legs and delirious from hunger , by Iza , a Medicine woman . In spite of her `` otherness '' Ayla is adopted into the clan . And that is just the beginning of her tribulations and trimuphs . Ayla is not perfect but she 's such a fascinating character to read ~ ~ I do n't care if she 's almost perfect . I can escape into her story and be glad of a cozy fire at my feet while the wind is howling outside!If you 're interested in historical fiction with a good story ~ ~ this book is it . It 's engrossing and full of rich details of primitive lifestyle ~ ~ it makes you wonder if they really are that different from all of us . They live , hunt , eat , love and bear babies and die ~ ~ like us . Just their tools and surroundings are a lot cruder than our living standards . It 's a great book to escape into . Perfect for those long winter nights.2-2-04
 After having this book in my bookshelf for years I finally decided to give it a go . After struggling thru the first 50 or so pages I was all of a sudden thrust into a book that I have enjoyed so much.When young Ayla loses the only family she ever know to the earthquakes she is thrust into a world she is not use to . As she wanders the vast land trying to find someone to hopefully be there for her . Along the way Ayla has started to fall ill and needs help.As The Clan of The Cave Bear heads off to find a new cave , along the long journey Iza finds a young child . A child that does n't look like her people , but is still in need of care . She takes Ayla with her in hopes that Ayla will feel better and be on her way . Iza does n't expect that this child could be the lucky one who will change people.After agreeing to allow Ayla to live with Clan Ayla is met with some troubles with the other people of the Clan because she does n't look them and she is n't one of them . But as time goes on she proves to people that she can be like them . She has many mishaps with the people in the Clan that make them still belive she is n't one of them , but still they let her stay with them.Ayla has to adjust to staying a woman of the Clan and that means being submissive to the men of the Clan and learning many new things along the way.The charactors in this book grow on you and you do n't want to leave them for anything you want to be there to see how they grow and what they learn.This is a great book and I ca n't wait to read the rest of them .
 I had nearly forgotten about this book , read years ago , when someone told me that book 5 , `` Shelters of Stone '' came out . I just read it , also an excellent read ! It brought a nice circle to the story and was very well written . Once you meet this character you wont ever really forget her . I recommend the whole series . You ca n't help but to love the main character , Ayla , and picking up Auel 's newest book , which brings the earlier books into a nice circle , brought back all the memories of this one and the whole series . -LRB- Reading these in order will put all the characters and relationships into perspective . -RRB- This book is a ca n't miss , and I 'd recommend the whole series just to get to book 5 !
 This is an amazing book . My name on Amazon is n't just because I 'm a crazed fan of the series , it 's because my mother named me after the herion of this book . I think it 's amazing how Ayla overcame the hardships in her life and learned to used her healing and keep her calm over Broud . She 's an amazing role model to look up to , for me , and for anyone who reads this . I highly recomend this . If you wo n't listen to the older readers , listen to me . I 'm thirteen years old , and this is one of the best books I 've ever read .
 I love to read , and I especially love to see a movie for the first time and find out that it was inspired by a novel . The Clan of the Cave Bear movie was good , but the book is amazing . Jean M. Auel tells an engaging story . Ayla 's life from the loss of her parents , to being found by the Clan at age 5 , to dealing with their differences is all very well told . I love the fact that she becomes what most women in the tribe would not even consider becomming . I read this very huge book in 2 days , I do n't even remember if I stopped to eat or sleep . I try to reread it at least once a year . If you like books that grab your attention and then refuse to let go-This is the book for you .
 I have to admit it took a while for me to become interested in this type of book . It 's the perfect example of not judging a book by it 's cover . On first glance it seems like all those other adventure books that put you to sleep with the first sentence , but I promise if you pick up this book you will find it impossible to put down . It only gets better each time you read it , too ! After reading this book , I had to read the others in the collection and believe me , the rest are just as good as the first!After reading this book , you ca n't help but be impacted by it . It has impacted my life and I think helps me each day to be a better person . It really has made me take a good look at myself and strive to have the qualities the main character , Ayla , has
 I ca n't believe it took me so long to buy this book ! I have an interest in anthropology , have always heard of it and have been almost embarrassed not to have read it ! I bought it just to see what all the hype was about , but was quickly absorbed and thoroughly enjoyed the story . I rarely have time to read fictional novels , but I stayed awake four hours on a red-eye flight to finish it!The main characters and story are great , some parts are a little far-fetched and certain characters are exaggerated , but the overall story is captivating . It left me running to buy the second Earth Child book !
 I have read the series over 5 times and each time I enjoy it more . I am so excited about the new book . I hope it can stand up to all the others . I thought this was an excellent book . It is not as violent as some of the other books by Sarabande . Thanks Jean .
 I just happened to pick up this book out of a drawer at work on a slow night and I could n't put it down . Not only does the author relay a very good story , she has done a tremendous amount of research on herbs and put together an assembly of characters that touch us all . I ca n't wait to read the other books in her series .
 I feel like I am the only one who has NOT read this story ; I put it off for years thinking it was going to be a throw back of 1,000,000,000 Years BC , or something ; after all , how intersting could Cave people be ?!? Wow was I wrong!This story has it all ! Myths and legends that I hope I can remember so I can tell them to my daughter as a story someday . Spiritual beliefs that are beautiful and daunting at the same time . A sense of community that is like no other that I have seen . A look into our past and the `` start '' of humans and humanity , and characters like no other!The Mog-ur , the highest magician in all the Clans , he speaks to the spirits , he is the one that holds all the rituals and ceremonies for the Clan , and he is the one that I would want on my side . He takes to a little girl , Ayla , who is found on the way to a new cave by the most powerful medicine woman in all the clans , Iza . Ayla is different , she is one of the Others . She brings to the Clan luck -LRB- ? -RRB- , because of her strong totem , and causes more controversy than this Clan has seem in 35,000 years!Ayla 's story of trying to fit in , trying to overcome her `` ugliness '' and her differnces , trying to be accepted into the only family that she can remember , despite the fact that she has so many `` different '' ideas than a good Clan woman , is truly wonderful . Each one of her struggles pulled at my heart , and the writing is so good , I found myself reading long into the night , wanting to find out what happened next.This woman loved the whole story ! : -RRB- Enjoy , Debbi
 Nothing I can write about this book can capture how I feel about it . Quite simply , it was like finding a buried treasure in my parents ' basement.I usually prefer books like The Da Vinci Code , Rule of Four or anything by Nelson DeMille , but reading Clan of the Cave Bear has opened a new door for me and I , having never read these books before , feel so fortunate that I can look forward to many , many months of satisfying reading!I will read the entire series !
 Ayla is a people of the others . An earthquake happened early in the morning when she went swimming . Her family went into the cracks between the earth . When this happened Ayla went into the forest for many days . She got scratched by a cave lion . The Clan people found Ayla lying on the ground , weak and sick . The medcine woman , Iza , Convinced the leader , Brun , To let her stay . Ayla was given a powerful totem that was meant for males , and males only . People thought she was very ugly . In her 7th year she secretly watched a hunting ceremony , which was forbidden . She taught herself to hunt . She had a son named Durc . A couple years later she forced to to leave everything behind to find her people.Ayla was a young girl and was taller than all the men in the clan by her 6th year . She was a very adventureous person , and was very daring . She has blonde hair and light eyes , well the people of the clan had brown and dark eyes.I liked this book because it was very exciting and there was always somthing exciting going on . It taught me about the primative people and what they might have thought . Sometimes the book got boring and dragged on and on . And it did have some difficult language and it was hard for me to understand sometimes .
 This book must be the best book I have ever read , and I have read a ton , trust me . Clan of the Cave Bear is a great story about a girl named Ayla , who is orphaned after an earthquake . She is adopted by lesser-evolved humans , who decided she is `` ugly '' and the outcast . When her totem is a high one only males have , -LRB- males dominate the clan , and totems are spirits that protect the clan -RRB- , the leader 's son Broud grows to hate her . I could go on and on , but I do n't want to give it away . You should read this book , you wo n't regret it . Enjoy !
 Auel 's story of Ayla who lived at an earlier time during human evolution is very exciting . Auel 's description of life during the ice age is well researched and her writing is filled with description of life at that time . This is the first book in the series and , in my opinion , it is the best of the bunch . For the reader , it is thrilling to learn and imagine what life must have been like during this earlier age.I `` read the book '' on an unabridged audio by Brilliance Corporation . Their version was very well produced so that the listener feels like he is right there with Ayla at that earlier time .
 You must read this book ! I highly , highly recommend it , along with the rest of the Earth Children 's Series . You will love these books ! Ayla is the strongest , most beautiful , lovable character I have ever confronted in literature . If I could meet any fictional character - it would without a doubt be Ayla . : - -RRB- The books are written beautifully as well . Auel does a fabulous job bringing the ice-age to life through breathtaking images and memorable characters.My ONLY complaint in this series is that the sex scenes are ridiculously `` too perfect '' - Augh . They could definitely be shorter , and there could be fewer of them . -LRB- You will not encounter these though , until the later books in the series , if you decide to read on . -RRB- I am a little hesitant for the final -LRB- 6th -RRB- book to come out though ... the 5th one ended on such a high note , I 'm afraid to read on . Eeep .
 This is a truly touching book , in which you follow the life of Ayla , a girl born to the `` Others '' , who is found by Iza , the top medicine woman of the Clan -LRB- aka cave people -RRB- . You explore the feelings of the characters . Auel has created a wormhole into the past . Each character is distinct in itself , and you have a story outline both dramatic and explicit . When Creb \ Mog-ur performs his ceremonies , you feel as if you are there . It 's like watching a movie , only deeper . You explore the humiliation of Creb 's deformaty , the stubborness of Broud , and the kindness and caring of Iza . When Ayla is discovered to be hunting against the Clan laws , you plead along with her against the death curse . This is a truly wonderfull book . There are some mature parts , so if you do n't feel you can handle them , do n't try . Once again , I strongly reccomend this book !
 I have read all the books by this author that I have discovered by any chance , because I am a French reader . But I can say , even if those books are big ones I can not let it down until I arrive at the top of the end .
 I am 13 . I watched this movie in Social Studies class in seventh grade and it was one that i actually stayed awake during . Usually books are better than their movies so i decided to read it . I was n't very into it in the begining but then i never put it down . I finshed it while in the car riding from Pennsylvania to Nebraska . I stayed in nebraska for 5 days and had to read the second one as soon as possible -LRB- i got it fron the local library . The book was greatly written . Iza and Creb 's love -LRB- as well as the rest of the clan except Broud -RRB- for a girl of the others was great . I cried a couple times during the book due to how descriptive some things were -LRB- broud beating Ayla to a pulp ! -RRB- I wished when she was cursed she would have taken Durc . it was sad to have to give your son up .
 I read this book many years ago as a young adult and found it fascinating . How one girl can overcome such adversity , and become so strong despite the challanges she has to face . A real page turner .
 Reading this book was an emotional experience . The author was able to describe scenes so accurate that I actually felt as if I were that little 5 year old girl , lost in the wilderness , hungry , cold , tired , delusional , and frightened . I was captivated with this series and reread all four books five times already . I 've learned more about survival from this book than I have from 12 years in our public school systems . Great job . When 's the wedding going to be written ?
 I read this book when I was 18 and recently read it again -LRB- atthe age of 21 -RRB- and I read it in 2 days ... Its a large book but Icould not put it down ! Its so easy to get drawn into the story and to feel like you are part of it !
 I thought this book was a good book . I like it alot . I have read the other three books . They are good as well . I hope Jean does write the fifth book in this series . I would like that and I bet a lot of other people would as well .
 I read those books , few years back and i 'm still thinking about them , i would love to have another book that would continue the story . I miss the caracters . Is there ever going to be another book ??????????????????????
 I was introduced to this book this summer by my aunt . She recommended it as one of her favourites . So , I decided to give it a try . I found the beginning a little slow moving . Once I got into it I could n't put it down . The story is starts at the begging of man and is based on the evolution of man . Ayla , the main character is left to die because her clan was killed in an earthquake . She is adopted by a passing clan and brought to live with them . The story deals with her acceptance into a very different community . She is cast as an outcast from her clan because she is different . In fact she is one step above them on the evolution scale . In the end she is exiled from the only family she has ever known and goes on to search for people like her . I enjoyed this book alot , especially learning about different plants and their many uses . Jean M. Auel wrote a wonderful book and I ca n't wait to read the rest of the series .
 This book is if not the best then it 's up there in the top five , along with the other 3 she has written . The story of a young women struggling to grow up and live in a world that does n't accept her can be related to each of us and will be a book you remember for the rest of your life . The writing is fantastic and you are swept away into a world of prehistoric man that you wo n't want to come back from . The only problem is when you finish all 4 of her books you are on edge waiting for her to finish the next one . Earth 's Children should be the set of books every person has and you will reread it many a time .
 I have been able to read at a very high level since sixth grade , and finally have found an author that I can read and still feel confident that I am reading at my level . It is very great that it is long because the length is equal to the amount of time that I will be comforted , for reading is the only thing that truly comforts me .
 THIS SERIES IS THE BEST READING I HAVE EVER DONE - WHEN OH WHEN OH WHEN WILL WE GET THE NEXT BOOK ... ????????????????? please Jean Auel
 This was a great book . Although the story takes place about 35,000 years ago you can see lots of parallels to events in our lives today . As well as enjoying the story and learning about primative times you will also be thinking about how this can relate to today ... Although the book is about 500 pages and small print its an easy read . .
 I saw the movie about 5 years ago , it was great . But then I heard about the book and read it and I must say that the movie doesnt even come close to the book . When I receive the book I wanted to read just a few lines , but I could not put it down . Now two days later I am done and I cant wait to buy the second one in the series . You just have to read it !!! Like I said , this book is simply amazing !!!
 This book was recommended to me by a former student of mine who is into survival skills and primitive living . Respecting his opinion , I picked up the book . Well , I thoroughly enjoyed it . The contrast and conflict introduced by having a young Cro-Magnon woman raised by Neandertals was a an excellent vehicle for the story . The author seems to have done her homework on the ice age as well . Although I do n't know about her speculations on the nature of Neandertal society and their brain structure and function , they were fascinating . These people become such an integral part of the story that by the end of the book when you begin to realize that they , as a group , are going to pass away soon , it brings a poignant sadness . Well written , excellent characterization .
 The book I read was The Clan Of The Cave Bear . It is about a girl named Ayla whose mother dies in an earthquake . She wanders around until a cave lion attacks her and after that she faints . When a group of Neanderthals pass by they pick her up . She grows up with them and when she nears the age of nine , she begins to hunt with a sling , which is forbidden by the clan . If you become interested you should read the rest of Jean M. Auel 's series , the books are in order.The Clan of the Cave BearThe Valley of HorsesMammoth HuntersThe Plains of PassageThe Shelters of Stone
 It 's not as vast as the worlds created by Frank Herbert and J.R.R. Tolkien but ambitious enough to continually remind me of their work.I really liked the set up of the story over the first half of the book . A reader can experience a very foreign place and time that feels increasingly familiar as each event creates more insight into prehistoric landscape , society , species , races , thought , religion and language . The description of the mental , physical , spiritual consistency of the Clan race and the Others was fascinating and believable . The use of a five year old girl trying to fit in and bridge the gap between her younger forward thinking race and the more ancient memory ridden Clan of the Cave Bear was a perfect way to show differences and similarities.Through the second half of the book , it settles into a good story but does n't reveal as much of Auel 's amazing depiction of the prehistoric world that I found so captivating in the beginning . The characters started to remind me of people today with the same free thinking , tradition bound differences and similarities that we enjoy and struggle with.I really enjoyed the end of the book and found myself out the next day purchasing the next in the series .
 I never thought I would read this book based on the title , but I did and really liked it . I just bought the 2nd one and ca n't wait to start that one . At times there was too much detail and not enough action , but a great story that makes you think , what was it really like ?
 The first time I read this book , I fell in love with the darling little orphan , Ayla . Thrust into a family that was not her own -- one whose members disliked and distrusted her -- Ayla survived years of mental and physical abuse , sadly assuming that she deserved most of her punishments . As much as she tried to please the clan , to fit in and become one of them , she was and always would be an outsider ; something she realized but could not change . Without them , however , she would surely die . Aylahad little choice but to stay with the group for as long as they would let her -LRB- which , periodically , became a social issue -RRB- and do her best to survive in their world.Her inner strength and courage often brought tears to my eyes ; her spunky personality made me grin . Ayla 's story was a gripping , intense tale that just would n't let me go until I had read every last word of that book.Then , of course , I had no choice but to re-read it ; it 's just that kind of book . The second reading was an altogether different thing . I was drawn right through a time tunnel ... and was there ! By Iza 's side , I witnessed life with the clan and struggled along with them to survive the hardships of their day.I learned to love Iza -- mother , teacher , friend -- as much as Ayla -LRB- and must commend Jean Auel for allowing Iza to be such a warm , wise , brave , intelligent and knowledgable woman -RRB- . This was Iza 's story as much as it was Ayla 's and , for awhile perhaps , mine . We were family . We were Clan . I was there . It 's just that kind of book.When the last page was read , I felt a twinge of regret about having to return to my own time and return the book to the shelf . And so I reached for `` The Valley of Horses '' ... and began to read .
 I just got done reading the clan of the cave bear . This is the best book I ever seen . From the very sart it is one of the best books in the world . From when Iza finds a little girl that is so close to dieing that olny Iza 's best work can bring her back to the last line this book it 's grate . This is the book that you have wanted all of your live . Form the time that she is 5 to the time she is 11 she dose not stop warming your hart .
 i would just like to say that i believe that i one of the best examples of historical fiction existing . not only is it informative , the plot is rich and subtle , and the whole book is full of twists and turns . i sinverely hope that the rest of the series are just as good , and that many other people will have the chance i have to savor this masterpiece of writing . also , this review is dedicated to adrienne -LRB- if she happens to be reading this -RRB- and to my hated tx history teacher who recomended it . the only worthwhile thing he 's ever said !
 I knew that this was a novel that has been heralded as a feminist novel - a story about strong women and their struggles with society . And eventhough I have never really considered myself a `` strong feminist '' I really liked the book ... P > The book is fascinating , the characters interesting and the setting is awe-inspiring . I could n't put the book down once I got into the story . I would recommend this book to anyone .
 I thought this book was in a word , amazing . I loved the idea of a novel being set over 25,000 years ago . The plot was unique and suspenseful and I found myself reading long into the night . The author kept the story very realistic and congruent with actual theorys and new archaeological discoveries ; I found this facinating . I found myself sympathizing often with Ayla and hurting when she hurt . Broud was a powerful antagonist and while I was forced to hate him , it was hard not to see things from his point of view as a fierce supporter of Clan traditions . While he was arrogant and unforgiving , he was a good opposite for Ayla and kept the story moving and exciting . Iza and Crub were wonderfully developed characters , both stern and compassionate . I absoutely loved how little things in the story stuck out about what life may be like in the future . The golden hair and blue eyes . Straight legs . How children are conceived . Everything . It all fit to how the reader knew things would end up thousands of years later when the mammoths would die out along with the Clan . The only main complaint I had about the book was that Ayla was always in trouble . She never got a break and I found that sort of frustrating . I know it would be hard to keep a book interesting if the protagonist was always carefree and happy , but I found it a little unrealistic that Ayla would be brought before Brun with a death sentence that many times and still come out unmarred .
 A FRIEND OF MINE RECOMMENDED THIS BOOK TO ME APPROX . 1 YEARAGO AND I HAVE BEEN HOOKED ON PREHISTORIC FICTION EVER SINCE.CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR IS THE BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ . FROMPAGE 1 I COULD NOT STOP READING . 5 STARS IS NOT EVEN ENOUGH.ALL OF THE OTHER BOOKS THAT I HAVE READ IN THIS AREA SEEM TOSTEM FROM JEAN AUEL 'S BOOKS . LYNN ARMISTEAD MCKEE IS WONDERFULAS WELL AND CHARLOTTE PRENTISS . BUT THIS SERIES BY JEAN AUELHAS TO BE READ FIRST .
 Auel 's read of the perhistoric world can be summed up in two words
 The first time I have read the Clan of the Cave Bear was in 1991 . THIS IS THE BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ IN MY LIFE !! Ayla is the ultimate survivor of all time . First her mother dies in a earthquake , she survives a lion attack , she gets banned from the clan for hunting , and she contends with the evil son of the leader . The epic goes on and on . Since 1991 , I have read this book at least 50 times . This book still makes me cry every time I read it . Thank you for a great story Mrs. Auel !
 This fabulous book spurred me to tear through the entire series in record time . I found myself wikipeding neanderthals and cro-magnon and becoming quite fascinated . I ca n't wait for the next book !
 This is a wonderfully entertaining , well-written and thought provoking story . The author did a superb job of developing character and plot , leaving the reader with a lust for the story to continue .
 This book ... wow . How do I even begin ? My only wish is that the rest of the books in the series had been even half the book that this one is ... I almost wish she had never gone on ... I was so disappointed and bored by the rest of them . But this book ... what an incredible tale of a woman 's self-exploration and identity !!! I think all young women should read this book at leats once ... actually , all women , no matter your age ... it is exhilerating and painful and heartfelt and so realistic ... and completely and utterly empowering . I am usually into thrillers , so this was different for me , and I was afraid I would be bored but ... I was n't at all ... In fact , I could n't put it down ... I was completely enraptured in this woman 's life . This book is a work of art , not simply a book to be read and discarded ... and should receive much more acclaim ... much more notoriety ... than it does . Every woman should read it ... seriously . You 'll never forget it ! :-RRB- -LRB- Oh , and unfortunately I feel my duty to tell you ... if & when you do read it , please spare yourself the disappointment of the rest of the series , and end it with this book which does stand on it 's own . -RRB-
 I LOVE ALL OF JEAN M. AUEL 'S BOOKS ! I READ CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME WHEN I WAS ABOUT 13 . THE BOOK ITSELF FOSTERED A DEEP LOVE OF PREHISTORIC FICTION IN ME AND I CA N'T WAIT FOR HER NEXT BOOK TO COME OUT
 Usually I do not re-read books but when I first read the `` Valley of the Horses '' I went back to `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' and then continued with the rest of all the 5 books on the market . I have now read all of them at least 6 times . `` Mammouth Hunters '' was my least favorite because I kept wanting Ayla and Jondalar to just talk to each other !! -LRB- It did turn out OK , finally ! -RRB- I have been ANXIOUSLY looking forward to book 6 and -- !! Any idea when it will be available ? When I pulled up Jean Auel on one source they listed book 6 and 7 . Are they ready ? Thanks for any feedback any one may have ! Berta
 I am rereading this series again with my daughter anticipating the new book coming out March 29th ... ca n't wait for it because all the others I have read of hers have left such an imprint on me . I first read the series 20 some odd years ago and I STILL remember the experience of reading it . . discovery and adventure for a young girl . . Please read this series . . it IS that good .
 I just read some of the 1-star reviews , and found that while I do agree with some of the objections , I still enjoyed the book on this , the fourth read.I agree with one person who points out the unbelievable regularity with which Ayla makes discoveries . However , I chose to overlook it and just enjoy the story . If you want accurate factual history , you may want to look elsewhere . If you want to be entertained , read the book.I am impressed by the amount of research Ms. Auel obviously did regarding herbal medicine . I understand that she did a lot of research and some of the incidents in the story portray a possible reason for some of the archaeological finds , such as the inclusion of certain unusual objects in a burial cairn.I enjoyed the book , and look forward to the release of the newest book , Land of the Painted Caves . Since it is always such a long time between books , I like to refresh my memory , and greatly enjoy so doing .
 this book opened my mind to the life of the first people and strugles they indured . she showed rational method as to how many discoveries could have come about . riding a horse for the first time must have been a true sight , it is taken for granted by us today but can you inagine what it must have been like to wittnes this for the first time . i have read all her books several times and been just as awe struck by every one .
 Set in pre-historic times , Clan of the Cave Bear , the first novel in the Earth 's Children series , tells the story of Ayla . At five years of age Ayla , a Cro-Magnon child , is left alone when an earthquake kills her family . Cold , hungry and injured by a cave lion , she collapses along a path used by a Neanderthal tribe knows as the Clan of the Cave Bear . The medicine woman of the tribe nurses Ayla back to health and adopts her as her own.As Ayla grows , the members of ` the Clan find her behavior and physical attributes to be strange and struggle to accept the girl into their cave . As Ayla grows she flaunts many of the traditions of the clan , causing her to be punished by a temporary death curse . Enduring a month of solitude , Ayla learns that she is self-sufficient . After returning , Ayla becomes pregnant and gives birth to a seemingly deformed child . She fights for her childcan provide for herself , withoby death for women . Once again she flaunts the Clan 's wishes and fights for the life of her child.Auel presents a richly detailed and complicated world . The culture and tradition of the Clan come to life as the reader urges Ayla on .
 This novel is wonderfully well written and the reader automatically falls in love with , Ayla , a Chro-Magnon woman who finds herself living with Neanderthals . She faces many turmoils and she never gives up or indulges in lingering depression . Like Scarlet O'Hara , Ayla always knows that tomorrow is another day !
 This book was a delight to me and now my granddaughter is building her own set . Along with the second book , which I also purchased through Amazon , she has a good start . Thanks to the shipper for making this experience a good one , with timely shipping and assurance that book was in good condition .
 For a recent family vacation my sister announced that one evening would be spent asa book club event . We were all informed that Clan of The Cave Bear was the book tobe discussed . As a single mother of a toddler with a more than full time job Idoubted I would be able to get the book read . I had tried to read this book yearsago when it came out and never got through it . I got bogged down in the lengthydescriptions of the landscapes . I found that the format of an audio book made iteasier for me to get through and the reader did a good job of separating andrecreating the different characters . I still think the autor is a bit indulgent , giving us more detail than is usefull in the flora and fauna descriptions . But thestory and characters were compelling enough to motivate me through it .
 This is the first Book in the Earth Children 's Series by Jean M Auel . Please see my reviews on the other book in this series . This whole series is excellent . Once you start reading you can not put it down . You become totally engrosed in the book that you actually become part of it . The best series I have ever read !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This book is the first amazing installment in a series that will blow you away . The main character starts as a girl named Ayla who is raised by cave people -LRB- Clan of the Cave Bear -RRB- after an earthquake destroys her family . As an outsider -LRB- whom the cave people call the `` Others '' -RRB- she must grow and overcome always being different and an outcast . This is the first book I ever read that actually made me cry . Jean M. Auel really sucks you in emotionally in this story and you are unable to let go . The Clan Of The Cave Bear is more then worth your time and money , I recommend this book above all others . .
 Be swept along the gorgeous prehistoric scenery , come in contact with people -LRB- clans -RRB- you can not meet in modern-day . While reading it , I completely lost track of time . I found myself really concerned for the safety of the characters and the outcome of their stories.There is something for everyone in `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' . If you are a historian , scientist , social scientist , anthropologist , romantic , or just enjoy a good book , you will love it.Ayla was abandoned as a very small child and take in by a clan of people very unlike herself . Despite the difference of appearance , she was loved . Eventually she would be ostracized and have to leave when she meets Jondalar , a gorgeous man that looks just like her . Together they embark on an amazing adventure together.You witness the first domestication of animals , learn how to make prehistoric clothes , learn to make fire more easily and sample extremely potent brews.Luckily , the story does not end when you complete the book . Just pick up the rest of the Earth 's Children series and be enchanted again and again .
 This is a marvelous book ; it deals with Ice Age and the coexistence of Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon . It is a vivid and lucid reconstruction of a long forgotten era.It is the first volume of a powerful series.The story is as follows ; Ayla is Cro-Magnon orphaned by an earthquake and adopted by a Neanderthal female , from this point on , a strange world unfold.It 's a discovery trip for Ayla and the reader . At the same time allows us a deep insight into `` otherness '' . There are forceful descriptions of Ice Age habitat and Neanderthal culture , looking into stone technology , herb doctor techniques , hunting methods , weaponry , social relationships and whatever aspect of a civilization you may be interested it is shown.In a present world that is shrinking and cultural differences arise every minute , Ms Auel 's work show the human common traits that make us kin to every other human being , even if it is as distantly related as a Neanderthal.Don ' t miss this experience!Reviewed by Max Yofre .
 I have found that many of the books that I am drawn to are books that my mother once enjoyed . I believe that this is me trying to hold onto a slice of what my mother was like . At the same time I know that she could suggest a pretty good book . She had often raved about `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' while she was reading it . So , I had heard some of this story before we decided to read it for the book club , but that did not take away from the experience . This book is a wonderful read with characters and scenes that you wo n't find any other book . There are slow parts in the long story , but they do not take away from a story of diversity and early human life .
 This book was required summer reading 2 years ago for my english II AP class . I thought it was really an amazing book . I loved the main character how strong willed she was even though she was more human and not cave man . I thought Auel did a great job writing it , but sometimes she was too descriptive about setting of the story . Description and imagery is good , but too much of it takes away from the story . I have read the rest of the series , but if you like this book you should read the others that go along with this series.thank you for your time , Loran
 Jean M. Auel captures efficiently the changing times and landscape of the Neanderthals and the passing of evolution towards the more modernly advanced Cro-Magnons . The story not only provides excellent descriptions of nature and climate at the time , but also captures the customs of the people . The highlight of the novel revolves around the medicinal plants and herbs that are constantly brought up through Iza and Ayla 's work as medicine women . The low points of the novel are some of the repetitive elements in Auel 's description of the landscape and certain details repeated verbatim . However , the story clings to you as you flip the pages hurriedly , trying to find out about the next stages in Ayla 's life . Overall , a good and worthwhile read .
 My aunt recommended this book to me ... she first read it when it came out back in the 80s , and I highly doubted I would ever read it , or if I did , that I would like it . Because I never took any initiative to find it , she got the whole series for me for Christmas . -LRB- Its a good thing she did , too , because now I ca n't put the books down ! -RRB- I am so intrigued that Auel can capture a world that very few people know anything about and create such vivid pictures and characters with such dimension . Its amazing to get a taste of the world so long ago and to read such a refreshing new style of writing - and thinking . The story is incredible , and Auel 's storytelling ability is marvelous ... along with the fact that she can have people of all ages addicted to these books . I 'm only 15 , and I know many people over 50 who have devoured and loved Clan of the Cave Bear.Its an excellent find , and while I may not buy you the whole series for Christmas , I would definitely recommend it !
 I remember seeing the Children of the Earth series in the shelves of my parent 's library as a kid . I was always intrigued by the art cover of the books . Now that i am an adult i remember they existed and I reast the first 4 volumes.The Clan of the Cave Bear remains my favorite.The first few chapters were a bit tedious , but as the story unfolds , I was hooked to it . Auel stresses the fact that Human evolution is not linear like a lot of people believe it is.We can compare Human Evolution to a big tree with several branches . Which means the Neanderthal man was not less intelligent than us
 Ca n't add much to the heaps of praise and descriptions already written , except to say that I read and re-read these 5 books in Jean Auel 's Earth 's People series . I get more out of them with each reading . I 'm hoping she writes more.I 've mused about whether I would recommend them to teenagers who are not yet sexually active , and I think I would . Sometimes I am shy about saying how much I enjoy this series because the author put in such steamy sex scenes -LRB- which are NOT my prime reason for loving the books -RRB- , but my opinion is that Auel presents that `` sticky '' topic in an extremely healthy way.The imaginative , colorful , probably accurate descriptions of our prehistoric ancestors and their world with problems , large and small , and the adventures they undertake , are what fascinate me most .
 Like many many people , I have read , and re-read the `` Earth 's Children '' series by Jean M Auel many times since it 's debut years and years ago . When the Kindle came out I wrote to Ms. Auel via her website , and received a reply from * I think * her son , saying they were looking at putting the books out in e-format ... Well , they are out . . If you can get past the obviously OCR 'd text . This is FULL of OCR problems . It 's a good thing I know this story by heart , and can easily substitute the correct words in my head.Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- Ignore the pathetic movie -RRB- This book is wonderful . It tells the story of a 5 year old Cro-Magnum girl who loses her family during an earthquake one day , and is taken in by Neanderthals , who raise her to be one of them . She struggles to learn things that they know almost instinctively.She teaches herself things that they wo n't teach her , gets punished , grows up more , has a son -LRB- mixed neanderthal & cro-magnum -RRB- at 13 , and is * cursed * and forced to leave alone at 15 .
 I have written another review on this book , but I would like to explain a little more in-depth about what this book is all about.First of all , I 'd like to say that contrary to many reviews , Neanderthals are NOT portrayed as stupid people who ca n't understand squat about anything `` different '' . They are , in reality , portrayed as they may have been in real life-an ancient with amazing memories , yet differently evolved people who are resistant to change.Ayla , also , is not `` set up to walk on water '' . I 'll admit that in later books , her lightning-fast mind seems a little ludicrous , but in this book , being strong and remembering things easily is necessary to survive.The only reason I gave Clan of the Cave Bear four stars is because of the grammatical errors , such as comma splices , that cropped up all too frequently.I also enjoyed the research that Ms. Auel obviously worked her butt off to put in . I think anyone who says it 's ` too much research ' ca n't appreciate the beauty of this book .
 I just finished reading this book and I think it is one of the best books I ever read . This book tracks the voyage of a Cromagnon girl who lives in a clan of neanderthals . This clan adopts her as a member of it . This book is about how the clan accepts her and learns to deal with her differences . This book is not only a great story but it is scientifically accurate . I would call this book a scientific saga .
 Never before do I remember reading a book that has so moved me as did Jean M. Auel 's CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR . I had always seen it , heard of it , but somehow never got around to actually sitting down and reading its pages . The decision to read CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR was one that I could never regret . While reading it I cheered silently for Ayla , cried visibly for her , and was angry when injustices fell on her . Reading this novel was like visiting another world , allowing me to escape everyday life to live in the past . I was terribly sad when I had finished the last page , but look forward to continuing the series.In the beginning I was skeptic about the quality , but as I continued reading I found that the quality was the highest of any book I have ever read . The details were so descriptive that I could see the cave , the landscape , the people ... so much that they became real to me . This novel is not only a great piece of fiction but a world all in its own . I could actually relate to the characters in the book , namely Ayla . I felt her will and determination , and most of all her willingness to sacrfice herself for anything that was important to her . Well done , Ms. Auel , you have created a superb piece of literature .
 That 's right , the next book in the series will hit shelves in May 2002 !! THE SHELFTERS OF STONE
 A friend of mine suggested this book for a number of years . Having seen the not-so-great movie -LRB- for one reason -RRB- , the book just did n't appeal to me . But I finally relented and read it . And I loved it . In fact , I immediately read the 4 sequels and I 'm anxiously waiting for the 6th and -LRB- possibly -RRB- final book in the series . Maybe I like them because I 'm not a literature snob -LRB- that 's a friendly snipe at another reviewer -RRB- . Ayla is a great heroine . She is beautiful , smart , and a survivor ! Of course all of her achievements -LRB- taken together in this and the later books -RRB- are n't realistic . She is an idealized character . She is symbolic of the new and improved , modern homo sapiens . And I dig her!My only criticism of the book is that the frequent lengthy descriptions of the flora are repetitive and long-winded , but after a while I learned to skim through those pages -LRB- sorry , Jean -RRB- . For entertainment value , `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' and its sequels ca n't be beat . There are hardships , conflicts , conquests , and loving relationships . But there is much more here than just entertainment ; there is an education in anthropology and botany that should be worth a few college credits!I found `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' and the entire series to be totally unique -- human drama and lovable characters -LRB- all except Broud , that is -RRB- , when the characters are all cave people ! Who would have thought ?!? And by the way , after reading the books and then watching it again , the movie really was n't that bad !
 If you like well crafted historical FICTION , written by an intelligent and educated author , enjoy suspense and good versus evil , root for the underdog , look out behind you ! type storytelling this is the book for you . Jane Auel weaves a rich , rich tapestry in your mind . Who can argue the setting ? Anything is possible , it 's a never never land really . As fantastical as Star Trek in reverse . But the characters draw you in , you will no doubt fall in love with them.I bought this book because I needed something to read during a long day of travelling on airplanes and was quite reluctant to start it . But I was hooked within the first few pages and I was bonded to the characters from that time on . I am now an avid fan and ca n't wait to get the second book in the series `` The Valley of the Horses '' . Politics and scientific inconsistencies aside , implied or overt racist implications , blah , blah and so on , this book is one heck of a good read . Unfortunately for Jane Auel she chose the stereotypical `` aryan '' protagonist , but in my opinion , what could appear weaker in any society than a helpless five year old , blonde , blue eyed female ? The epitomy of fraility ! Those who see this as another nazi theorem , get over yourselves !! This is more a feminist outlook ; look at the brilliant Iza . This is afterall , a novel . Anyone that confuses this with a scientific thesis or dissertation , or is offended by what they perceive as racist innuendo is reading well below their level and should go back to their text books .
 When looking for something over a pre-historic tribe of men , i looked and looked and found this . I read page one , then page one turned into half the books gone , then it was done , i read it it somewhere between 5-10 hours . It is an amazing novel and i hope to read and buy the others as well .
 Loved the story . And have now read the next book Valley Of The Horses , and am in the process of getting the third book , The Mammoth Hunter . Great Author .
 Auel makes you feel that you are there , experiencing the events of this story . So well written ; this is my favorite book of all time .
 *** minor technical spoiler *** I was really eager to read something about prehistoric times , and to my delight the story started out interesting as it was . But after 30 pages , I was beginning to be really annoyed about the narrator ... First person , third person , in every character 's point of view , in everybody 's head , changing in every paragraph . Honestly , it was bothering me so much that I had to put the book down a few times . I found it dilettant . Then I got to thinking , well , if I wanted to theorize about it , I would say she is playing on the collective consciousness of these people
 I first read the Earth 's Children Series years ago . I love the way Jean Auel writes . I felt like I was right there with Ayla and the Clan . Prehistoric Fiction is so interesting . Now I have been re reading it on my new Kindle HD . I do wish another book in the series would come out soon .
 Just what my husband wanted and help complete his set of hardbacks without a great deal of cost . Happy with it
 I loved this book as a kid and revisited it recently . I definitely think this is a great novel for a teen and ok for an adult . I do n't like all the constant repetition and the minute description of the lives of the clan and their surrounding area .
 it 's a good story . Ms Auel is not a great writer , but she is a great storyteller . It 's worth rereading .
 This , the first book in the series of &#34; Earth 's Children &#34; is a gripping , fascinating introduction to the first of our thinking ancestors . Almost as if we were there .
 I love this book ! The entire series ! =-RRB- Everyone should read it . You feel you are actually there through the story .
 I had to read this book for summer reading , and I had heard from many different people that it was very interesting . I was almost anxious to read it and judge for myself if it was all that it was cracked up to be . Once I started reading , I felt that it was going to be a very hard book to get into . As it went on , past the first 100 pages or so , I found myself unable to put it down . This book made me feel all of the different emotions
 When is the fifth book coming out
 I was 12 years old when I did read this 4 children og the earth books . -LRB- I am 16 now -RRB- I love them ! I have readed thos books many times after that ... and I still read it . . and LOVE it . Jean M Auel have such a talent ... she most have such a fantasy!She is my favorite writer ! when are the fifth book coming?waited for that one in several years !
 This is one long story that really takes you into the depth of prehistoric times and rituals . It 's wonderfully researched and finely detailed . I read with wonder all the recipes for medicine . What herb cured or maintained certain diseases . The movie does this book absolutely no justice . What was Darrel Hannah thinking when she signed up for that bomb ? This book takes a look at human relations and the beginnings of communication . A great read .
 I loved this book , and I ca n't wait to buy The Valley of Horses . The way Ms. Auel could create such an intricate culture amazed me . Her writing techniques combined with a wonderful plotline make for an incredibly enjoyable book .
 A book that really makes you imagine and wonder about life 35,000 years ago . Ms. Auel is a wonderful storyteller and inspires you to love her heroine Ayla from the start . You develop a deep respect for Ayla especially in the second book valley of horses where she stays by herself for so long , before Jolandar comes into her life . With considerable license , intense research and a vivid imagination Jean Auel takes us into the daily living of pre-historic man and makes us think again about so many things we take for granted in our daily life at the end of the 20th century ! Ms.Auel hurry up with that fifth book!I ca n't wait to read it !
 This book was the first ever I had read of its kind . Not usually into the prehistoric era , I found that I fell in love with the characters . I cried and laughed with them . I am looking forward to her fifth book of the series .
 This epic novel is one of the most captivating stories I 've ever read . A classic . Incidentally , I imagine that Ayla looks like Queen Julia from the TV series `` The Maxx . ''
 One of the few trilogies and sagas that I ever completed . Captivating from the beginning that I could n't put it down . The author has done much research on prehistoric life and has entwined realistic life venture . It 's a story of family , tradition , love , prejudice , strife , acceptance , independence , strength , and courage . I felt right at home and with them every step of the way . I could n't wait until the continuing saga was released .
 I have read the whole series of the Earth Children four times and intend to experience them many more times . As an avid reader I can think of no other series that have brought me back to their pages as many times as these . For readers who wish to experience a great journey , I highly advise spending some time with the complete series .
 First read this years ago and have reread it time after time . It is a fascinating story , always engrossing ! One of those that will stay with you forever - in a good way . None of the sequels have been nearly as good as this first book - but you still read them , hoping . I picked this book up near the register at the supermarket while waiting in line and was hooked after the first page . Hopefully sooner rather than later , Auel will get the main character -LRB- Ayla -RRB- back to the Clan for the resolution of this series . Whether she does or not , this book stands on its own . Read and enjoy !
 This is a moving and beautiful novel about a tall ` early-human ' girl who is adopted by ` the clan ' -LRB- in other words Cavemen -RRB- . It is set on Pre-historic earth and follows her life from being found as a five year old to becoming a young woman and leaving the clan . Life is a struggle for Ayla , and she finds it very difficult to fit in with the ways and customs of the clan.Basically it is a struggle for survival in a harsh ice-age world , and I found myself fascinated with the real historical world that Jean has researched and written about . I could n't get enough of it and I have since read the following four books . Thoroughly recommended .
 I read this book and the others in this series many years ago , and have since read them several times . they are all fantastic , eduacational , and just plain ole fun to read ! I can hardly wait to read her 5th book of this series.Gin Olson
 I could never get tired of reading this book . The language and the story are so wonderful that I could n't get by without owning this book . I think it 's a novel that everyone should read !
 I first read this book in the 80 's and enjoyed it tremendously . I read it again just recently and it still remains one of my most favorite.The story of Ayla and her determination to overcome give me strength . Auel 's detailed descriptions of everyone and everything left nothing to your imagination . I laughed and I cried . I felt every heartbreak and every ounce of pride that Ayla felt.The spirits of the totems and the ceremonies remind me of the spiritualism of our Early American Indians . Auel 's book , although fiction , is very believable.I love this book . It is WELL WORTH THE PRICE !
 In our society time is money ... zero to 60 in as few seconds as possible ! Well , get in my 80 horse power Nissan and you 'll probably wonder why it is n't moving . Before you realize it though , you 're doing 65 with the rest of the crowd.That 's what this novel will do to you . It starts you off in a Nissan that quicly transforms into a BMW roadster . And the next thing you know you 've lost a night 's sleep because you ca n't put it down!Set in prehistoric times when the era of the Neanderthals was slowly giving way to the Cro-Magnons , `` Clan ... '' follows the life of Ayla , a blonde Cro-Magnon girl adopted by a clan of Neanderthals , as she grows into young womanhood . -LRB- Keep in mind that in Cro-Magnon days females became young women in their early teens . -RRB- The adventures of Ayla begin at age 5 and continue into her mid-teens . Along the way Ms Auel creates Ayla into something of a wonder woman . For example -- clan women are forbidden to hunt or use weapons of any kind . So naturally Ayla finds a sling and teaches herself how to use it in secret . When her secret is found out Ayla , 14 years old and more than 8 months pregnant , is banished for one month in the dead of winter . As far as the Clan is concerned this is tantamount to a death sentence , since in all of the Clan 's memories no female in her condition had ever survived such a banishment . But Ayla retreats to a small cave she had discovered months earlier , stocks the cave with wood and bedding materials , hunts for food with her sling , and gives birth to a son . All of this on her own , mind you , in blinding snow storms and only 14 years old.But hey ! ... it is a work of fiction , right ? . And let 's face it , females of that era surely had to be just as rugged and resourceful as the males in order to survive . So maybe it is n't so unbelievable after all . One thing is sure , you will be rooting for Ayla from beginning to end.Regardless of how far fetched you may find Ayla 's adventures , Jean Auel 's fertile imagination -LRB- and her obvious research -RRB- has created a novel that is truely entertaining and well worth reading .
 Picking this book is not . An employee of a chain book store recommended it to me . After reading the synopsis on the back cover , I had to ask if he was kidding . Needless to say I bought the book and after struggling through the first few pages , I found it nearly impossible to put down . Whether you 're a frat boy or an elderly woman , get this book and you will find yourself quickly stocking up on the rest of the books in the series and pushing the ones you 've already read on friends and family .
 One of the first authors who got me interested in historical and archeological novels . A truly comprehensive story entwined in the early times to lead you on to her other novels . I am proud to say I have read and own all five novels written by Jean A. Auel .
 I stumbled across this book by accident . By reading the description , I usually would have passed it by , but for some reason I went ahead and tried it . Truely a wonderful decision . My true love is magical fantasy but this book is so interesting and so well written , anyone would be caught up in it . The life Ayla deals with is fascinating . Auel obviously did her research with this making it educational as well as intertaining . I learned a lot from this book about the early days of man . I could n't put it down and within two weeks , I had bought and read the rest of the series . Ca n't wait for SHELTERS OF STONE to come out in November . EXCELLENT SERIES !! The more you read it , the more you pick out of it .
 OH MY GOD ! This book was so awesome ! My mom gave it to me a long time ago and told me to read it , but it did n't look all that great so I procrastinated for about a year ! When I finally read it , I literally could n't put it down ! All I did was eat , read , and sleep . There is no way you can be disappointed because , WOW ! It 's just too good !
 Esta est&oacute;ria de beleza e poder &eacute; uma saga sobre pessoas , relacionamentos , amor e sobrevivncia.Atrav&eacute;s do relato de Jean M Auel , somos levados de volta &agrave; aurora dos seres humanos . E com uma garota chamada Ayla , somos apresentados ao mundo da Idade do Gelo , que ela dividia com aqueles que se autodenominavam o Cl da caverna do Urso.Um terremoto mata seus pais e deixa a menina de 5 anos de idade , vagando sozinha e ferida por um leo , numa terra estranha e perigosa , at&eacute; que ela encontra uma das mulheres desse cl de Neandertais - pessoas muito diferentes de seu tipo f&iacute;sico.Para eles , Ayla , uma Cro-Magnon loura , magra , de olhos azuis , parece feia - mas Iza no consegue deixar a menina para tr&aacute;s para morrer abandonada - a reconhece como humana tamb&eacute;m e a carrega com ela.Iza e Creb , o velho xam da tribo , comeam a amar Ayla.Ayla comea a aprender os m&eacute;todos de cura dos dois.Mas o brutal jovem destinado a ser o pr&oacute;ximo l&iacute;der do cl , v a diferena entre eles como uma ameaa a sua autoridade , e desenvolve um profundo &oacute;dio pela estranha garota , determinado a acabar com ela.Apesar de alguma licena po&eacute;tica , as est&oacute;rias dessa s&eacute;rie passaram por uma pesquisa extensa e cuidadosa - especialmente quanto ao conhecimento sobre plantas e ervas medicinais usadas por Iza e creb e passado para Ayla .
 As author ofChampagne Romance -LRB- Action Romance Novel -RRB- `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' was one of the most unique plots that I 've ever read in a novel . This is truely a special novel about Ayla 's childhood journey when she is separated from her family by a natural disaster and adopted by the Clan .
 I remember during the eighties everyone was reading ` Clan of the Cave Bear ' by Jean M. Auel - and they were raving about it . I do n't know why it took me so long to get around to reading it , but finally I have and now that Auel has finished the six part series , I have n't stopped reading this saga -LRB- just finished number three ` The Mammoth Hunters ' -RRB- . The reason why I finally picked it up to read was because of a recommendation from a friend who I regularly ` talk books ' with . She was astounded I had n't read it and demanded that I did so pronto , and I dutifully downloaded it . So , what is it about this book that gets people talking ? For me it is the fascination of where we have come from as a species , and how we have become the people we are today.The story is set in prehistoric times , roughly 30 000 years ago . It follows the story of Ayla , the protagonist , who is separated from her parents at a young age and taken in by a travelling group of ` clan ' people , they are Neanderthal.This story interests readers on a number of levels . Firstly , Ayla 's struggle to belong and fit into a vastly different group is heart wrenching . The emotional journey she experiences is so engaging to read . Ayla is a highly likable character . She is intelligent and caring and we sympathies with her readily as she attempts to learn the cultural norms , taboos and language of a neanderthal society . As she becomes interested in healing and medicine , the story interests us further and we become privy to the magic of the plants used to heal in prehistoric times.Secondly , the life of the Neanderthal , the way they existed and their differences from humans makes for fascinating reading . Auel 's ability to bring research to life is intoxicating . I found myself doing a little of my own research as I read this book , wanting to learn more about our evolutionary cousins . One thing I came across is that it is likely some human beings today carry Neanderthal genes . Fascinating ! It is so interesting to read about a human species that is now extinct . One thing that is particularly intriguing is the differences in the brain structures . Neanderthals had very large back brains and Auel capitalises on this by showing the clan 's remarkable capacity for memory.Another aspect that makes this an exceptional read is the detail in terms of the daily life of prehistoric people . The clothing , food , tools and housing are all described in fascinating detail along with how they were made . Humanity 's capacity for innovation is celebrated in this series . But at the same time we are reminded of the dire consequences if we ever lose respect for the earth and all that it provides . Auel cleverly reminds us of this and we wonder if we have already lost it.The only real criticism I have is that perhaps Ayla is too perfect . Surprise , surpass as we read on in the series , not only is she altruistic , intelligent and innovative , she is drop dead gorgeous ! Sometimes her perfection and her innocence about it , `` I am not beautiful '' gets a little irritating ... but only a little.I am up to the fourth novel , ` The Plains of Passage ' , but for me , so far , ` The Clan of the Cave Bear ' has been a favourite . I highly recommend it for those who particularly enjoy historical fiction .
 The first book in this series The Earth Children 's Series was very informative . The Story begins . The author has a tendency to repeat things in the book series that was very annoying to me over the next 6 books . I found myself skipping over details as se repeatedly described the same senarios over and over again . I wanted to see how the story ended so I stayed with it . The books have a great story line . The author has really done her homework on the cave man and his previous life . I enjoyed the knowledge that came along with the books . I feel like she needed a partner to help her with her struggling story lines at times.I enjoyed the series I did n't feel they were worth the money I paid to read them . I would wait until the price drops before purchasing them .
 This book is the first novel of the epic saga of Jean M. Auel Earth 's Children series . The novels are set in Prehistoric Europe during the Ice Age , approximately 35,000 - 25,000 years ago when the Cro-Magnon and Neanderthal people coexist . This is a marvelous book ; it will truly go down as one of the most epic novels of the past 31 years . It is the first volume of a powerful series . This book takes you away to another time and place and will leave you fascinated with human history , with the Neanderthals , and with the history of civilization . It is a vivid and lucid reconstruction of a long forgotten era . This book is deeply researched and fascinating . Her story provides an insight into the prehistoric life of humans.The series begins with the introduction of the main character , Ayla , and the circumstances that occur that results in her being adopted by `` The Clan '' . Ayla is first presented as a five-year-old girl who had just lost her entire family to an earthquake . Alone and desperate , she wanders in hopes of finding her dead mother . Cold , hungry , and badly injured by a cave lion , she is near death when the Clan of the Cave Bear finds her . This clan , left homeless by the same disaster , has little interest in the helpless girl who comes from the tribe they refer to as the `` Others . '' Only their medicine woman sees Ayla as a fellow human ; worthy of care . Ayla 's strange ways challenge the clan who live by ancient beliefs and tradition passed down to them from their ancestors . Ayla represents the physically modern Cro-Magnons . As Ayla begins to grow and mature , her natural tendencies emerge , putting her in the middle of a brutal and dangerous power struggle . From this point on , a strange world unfold . It 's a discovery trip for Ayla and the reader . At the same time it allows us a deep insight into `` otherness '' . In a present world that is shrinking and cultural differences arise every minute , Ms Auel 's work show the human common traits that make us kin to every other human being , even if it is as distantly related as a Neanderthal.There are forceful descriptions of Ice Age habitat and Neanderthal culture , shedding light and introspection into hunting methods , social relationships , stone technology , herb doctor techniques , weaponry , the comfort of familiarity with its dogged dogma and whatever other aspect of a civilization one may be interested in . This series really does have everything
 Readers should be warned
 When I first read `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' , I could n't put it down . I have read all the books in the series and this is by far my favorite . Do n't equate the Movie to the book - there is absolutely no comparison . The book is BY FAR superior!Jean M. Auel descriptions of the life of these two diverging lines of mankind are fantastic . Auel immerses you into the lives of the Clan members , by way of the daily struggle to survive
 THE CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR is the first book in Jean Auel 's series Earth 's Children . Over the years , many friends have suggested this series to me , so I 've meant to read it for a long time and finally did just that . In reading , it is important to remember this is speculative fiction , based loosely on fact , and not fact.Throughout the book , Auel makes good use of her knowledge of medicinal herbs , landscapes and climates . Little idiosyncracies can usually be overlooked , like the use of plants native to North America instead of Europe where the stories take place , discussion on land masses and bodies of water which are n't consistent with what we now know can usually be overlooked , and so on.Auel 's strength is that she enables the reader to see life as it might have been lived by our ancestors during the last Ice Age . She makes you wonder about behavior of ancient man , what is must have been like to sit under unpolluted skies or spend the winter in a cave . While a cave may be pretty damp and cold , the damp and cold may be the least of your worries as you 'd also yave to worry about food supplies as winter progressed and may also have to fend off wild animals like a cave lion.Auel does n't mention the clan of the cave bear by name but ones senses they are Neanderthals , and the `` others '' are closer to what we 'd consider ` modern ' humans . Auel 's contrast between the traditional people who relied on memory for survival versus the new people who could think and reason and viewed the world in terms of `` cause and effect '' is insightful and profound . But what if the world is n't really cause and effect ? A good question .
 The Clan of the Cave Bear , by Jean M Auel , was a fantastic book . The idea of Ayla 's family being killed and then being separated from society and found by a group of ` uncivilized ' and ` under developed ' Clan , makes for a great story full of adventure and excitement . There is never a dull moment around the tall , blue eyed Ayla and the rest of the people in her Clan . You find yourself not able to put down the book because you want to see what sort of trouble Ayla will get in , if she 'll finally master the art of her sling , or if she 'll finally be accepted into the Clan.Auel captures each character and the Clan as a whole so well and you learn so much about them . She created a ` society ' for her book without leaving out any detail . Auel created their ` language ' , social rank , hunting habits , religion , etc. which really helps you understand the Clan that much better.Overall I really enjoyed this book and recommend it to anyone who likes adventurous stories with a heroic main character . It 's a good book to pick up when there 's nothing to do and you 're looking for some entertainment . And after you read The Clan of the Cave Bear there are four others that follow . I hope you enjoy them as much as I did .
 Before I begin , I want to mention that I am making any events from the book as vague as possible while I write . The book is full of twists and turns and I do n't want to take any surprise from you if you choose to read this book . The book as a whole is a work of art . Such a thick book might scare people away , but as soon as you begin to read the book you ca n't tear your eyes away from it . From the moment the book begins till the moment it ends it is full of action . Never a dull moment happens in Ayla 's life . -LRB- Ayla being the main character of the book . -RRB- The characters are deep and full of life . Auel gives such rich descriptions and life to the characters . You feel as though you 've met them and have actually become friends with all of them by the end of the book . Every book is not with out it 's flaws , though ; And this book is no exception . Auel obviously did extensive research on plants , animals , and the life and times of cave people . Her research does not blend well with the book , though . She describes scenes and settings in `` over detail . '' It seems as though she is `` showing off '' her knowledge rather than describing to the reader how things look . She will go into detail about the plants and unless you are a botanist , these details are meaningless . You can skim over these details easily , but you ca n't skim over a rotten book . Lucky for us , the book is great except for the over details . There was one other problem I had with the book . Inconsistency . In one part of the book , Ayla is banned from a certain activity and even from speaking of it . Continue reading for a while and you will find her not only doing the activity and speaking of it , but teaching someone else the activity . I may have been mistaken and somewhere missed it when the ban was lifted , but this ban was a punishment that I could see no reason for revoking . This does n't take anything away from the book ; It is still wonderful despite this ! Time strains to change in the book . It does n't blend seamlessly like it should . It is an abrupt change and you feel as though you have missed something . When so much time passes without telling the reader , Auel could have at least told us Ayla 's current age ! But you are forced to guess her age at each time change , which really makes getting a good mental picture of what was going on difficult . I hate to end on a sour note , so I 'll continue on for a bit more . The plot of the book is amazing ! I knew just from hearing about the topic that this book was going to be great . Some books dwell on events and seem to take forever to get interesting , but not this one ! Things are quick , but not so quick that it becomes hard to understand what 's going on . I can not wait to read the entire series . I encourage every one to at least pick up the 1st book -LRB- The Clan Of the Cave Bear -RRB- and read the 1st chapter . I guarantee you 'll fall in love with this book .
 Admittedly , The Clan of the Cave Bear has parts that feel a bit like a V.C. Andrews novel set during the Ice Age , but I still enjoyed it immensely and am now fascinated with the joys , hardships , knowledge , limitations , and legacy of the Neanderthals and their differing counterparts , the Cro-Magnons . Jean Auel writes in an extremely detailed and interesting style ; her in-depth understanding of Ice Age flora and fauna is undeniable , and many of her characters are unforgettable -LRB- Ayla , the lucky and resourceful Cro-Magnon heroine adopted by the Neanderthal Clan after a terrifying earthquake leaves her orphaned and wandering the gorgeous but dangerous landscape ; Iza , the loving surrogate mother to Ayla and the Clan 's talented medicine woman ; Creb , a father figure to Ayla as well the respected aging magician -- or `` mog-ur '' -- of the Clan -RRB- . The Clan of the Cave Bear is packed with information regarding the rituals , customs , and home of the Neanderthals . While I am sure Auel has taken literary license in the Clan 's acceptance of Ayla -LRB- an `` Other '' -RRB- and the thoughts and motivations of the members , one ca n't help but become enthralled with the aspects of prehistoric life and daily survival , especially when Ayla is forced to fend for herself . I suggest The Clan of the Cave Bear for anyone remotely interested in the end of the Neanderthals ' era -- or , really , for anyone who enjoys vivid storytelling .
 I first read this book when I was in 7th grade , and am rereading it now , in 11th grade . This is an amazing story that my dad convinced me to read , and I 've become hooked on the whole series ! Auel gives the reader not only meticulously researced information concerning culture , vivid descriptions of the neanderthals , and geography , but also a twisting , inviting plot that makes the book impossible to put down ! Thus Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- and the entire Earth 's ChildrenTM series -RRB- appeals to a wide audience . Adventure , history , and an eloquent storytelling style are combined with excellent results .
 This book is a wonderful way to escape our every day mind set and slip into the endless adventure of the characters portrayed . If you love history you will certainly enjoy this novel as well as the others to this set . I own all the books and have read them at least twice . I would love to know when and if there is going to be another book ? The author is a delightful writer with percision and style . This book and set is a must have .
 If you are looking for an engaging story , not fluffy but not too ponderous , and one that is a little off the beaten track , this would be a good choice.The previous negative review surprises me . I have read Unmeel 's other reviews and believe that his inaccurate review of this book is not worthy of his talents . Author Jean Auel goes to great pains in this book not to portray the CroMagnon girl as `` superior '' to the Neandrethal clan that has adopted her . The Neandrethals survived for 250,000 years , far longer than we have , a fact which Auel reverently acknowledges . This story is set during a time where the characteristics of one hominid species -LRB- Neandrethal -RRB- would , through a certain inflexibility , bring about its demise , while the characteristics of another , CroMagnon , would enable it to continue as earth 's surviving human inhabitant . Since this book deals thematically with this transition , it is essential that it looks at the differences that brought it about . Nowhere does the book explicitly or through its tone suggest that the difference meant the Neandrethals were inferior . In fact , they are portrayed lovingly and respectively.Indeed , Auel 's view seems to be that the Neandrethals were in several ways superior to the CroMagnon , but that overall their inability to adapt to the forthcoming changes ultimately rendered these advantages meaningless.The plot is far fetched , and of course a certain license must be taken when writing about how people lived some 30,000 years ago , but the tale is carries you along , is often touching , and is refreshing in its refusal to impose 20th century values on prehistoric societies . The writing style can be uneven , making me think that perhaps it was written over a long period of time with gaps in between , but when all is said and done we have been introduced to several memorable characters . The most appealing is that of the Mog-Ur , the medicine man , proving that Auel 's bias is not toward the `` new and improved '' CroMagnon .
 Jeam M. Auel 's The Clan of the Cave Bear is one of the most moving and interesting books I have read in a long time . It is the story of a woman , Ayla , and is set in the world of prehistoric man , about thirty thousand years ago . Ayla is separated from her family at a young age after an earth-shaking natural disaster . She is adopted by a travaling Clan of Cave People . Ayla is a Cro-Magnon , and as she grows up , the author shows her readers how the girl 's mental and physical deviations from her adopted family change both her and them . As Ayla grows up , the story becomes an epic tale of her struggle to both survive and fit in with a group of people she is destined to overtake through evolution eventually . Of course , Ayla does n't know this , and the story is moving in that it shows how Ayla 's love stretches all bounds , from her adopted mother and father , to her son , Durc , who was born from a brutal rape.Auel obviously did a lot of research for this book , which is shown by her seemingly unboundless knowledge of the prehistoric landscape , animals , plants , and lifestyles that surround her characters . She vividly depict the Paleolithic setting , making the reader almost believe he or she could visit the endless grasslands or glacier mountains the author writes of . Overall , The Clan of the Cave Bear is an epic book , very captivating , and definitely a real page-turner .
 The Clan of the Cave Bear is very , very good . However , I only gave it four stars because it is a bit long-winded and its sentences run on . -LRB- It would have a long phrase , a comma , and then another long phrase . It got kind of tiring . -RRB- Ayla 's abilities do not seem unnatural to me ; Jean Auel did an excellent job of sculpting them into the story . Whoever said that Jean Auel `` really , really wants to be blond '' is sadly mistaken .
 I love CotCB . It has made my favorite books list . I strongly suggest you read it . It is the story of Ayla , a five year old girl , who 's family was killed in an earthquake . Alone in the prehistoric wilderness , Ayla wanders off to find help . She encounters starvation , dehydration , roaring waterfalls , cave lions , and sickness . She collaspes , almost dead . And there , she is found by the Clan of the Cave Bear , a clan of neaderthals . They are looking for a new home , sence theirs was destroyed in the earthquake . Iza , the medicine woman , begs Brun , the leader , to let her care for Ayla . He allows her to , and begins Ayla 's life with the Clan.The Earth 's Children series has six books , Clan of the Cave Bear , Valley of the Horses , Mammoth Hunters , Plains of Passage , Shelters of Stone , and Land of the Painted Caves . After CotCB , the books start going down hill , so you do n't have to continue , but if you do , they are very addicting and you wo n't be able to stop . All in all , read CotCB , but not the others .
 This is storytelling at its finest . Normally , a book about a subject like this would not really pique my interest , but my mom wanted to read it together , so here I am . This book is beautifully written , it does n't take long before before it transports you back in time . The plot development and in-depth character build up make this book extremely hard to put down . This is a must read for everybody who enjoys a good book , and I recommend reading it with a buddy because there will be many times you will want to vent about how amazing/annoying/sad certain situations and characters are . IT 'S SO GOOD !!!
 At the outset , please note that this is an amazing work of art that most everyone is going to soak up and find impossible to forget . It 's a moving tale of a human child raised by a clan of neanderthals . The way the author manages to fit so much meaning and depth into characters who spend a great deal of time unable to or rarely communicating is astounding , to say the very least . And it is also fair to say that this is sure to be unlike anything else you 've ever read.My only warning to potential readers would be to point out ahead of time that you are going to encounter plenty of detailed scenery description . On one hand it is often insightful and goes to show that the author has really done her homework on the period . But the average reader may find it to be a bit much at times . I say that because I found it to be too much at times , and I 'm generally overly fascinated by these sorts of additions . One could easily compare this aspect of Auel 's writing style to Tolkien 's obsession with sharing the historicity of each location and character in his otherwise steady-flowing works.Regardless of whether or not you love or hate this aspect of Jean 's style , one thing you will not be able to deny is just how breathtaking this story ends up being . And you 'll want to finish it in any case . Very highly recommended !
 It was a co-worker who recommended to read this series . . I was sceptical at firstespecially as my Husband said he had the hard copies , and I did n't even know it.But once started , it was not easy to put down . The description of events , surroundings and the Clan people , were amazing . . so much so I bought the second book `` The Valley of Horses '' . .
 I have the entire collection of Jean Auel 's Children of the Earth series , and reread them over and over . Great books !
 i love this book . if i lived back then i would have wanted Ayla for my best friend . she is a very independent woman . she is very strong willed and survival minded . Ayla is raised by people that are very different from her and that is what makes her unique in the clan .
 I read almost all of these books many , many years ago and found them so interesting - am loving The Clan again , and will probably order the entire set in time . So nice not to have the usual voilence , although the primitives were sometimes pretty rough , but in a more natural way ! Just lovely night-time reading whilst the hubby snores !!! So good to have something to read in the dark .
 Thank you Auel for giving us this great prehistoric ice age novel . It is refreshing to see that the heroine is such a strong female character portrayed with so many different layers . It reminds me of Etok inThe Age of Eternal Firein how forward thinking they are from their tribe mates . I thoroughly enjoyed reading this delightful book and look forward to reading the rest of the series .
 This is my second time on reading this book , I loved it as much as the first time when it came out many years ago .
 I found this book at a school sale . The story was great ! The only thing I did n't like was the beginning because I 'm not sure how it started . However , I would still recommend this book to others . A fab read !!
 I had almost all of the Jean Auel 's books and needed this one to complete my collection . It turned out to be a book club size and I traded it to a friend for the full size version .
 People I knew kept raving about the Clan of the Cave Bear series , so finally after several years of hearing about it I finally decided to pick it up and I 'm so glad I did!The characters and storyline in this book are very rich and interesting . This book is very different than any other book I 've read before and it was a pleasure to see how all the characters developed , read about the clan customs and how Ayla tried to fit in , how she was loved even though she was different and how she loved most of the Clan members back even though sometimes it seemed life was hard for her.I 'd highly recommend the first book in this series .
 The Clan of the Cave Bear is a fantastic read . The story 's pace , depth of characters , and historical background is exceptionally well done . You ca n't help but be drawn into the novel 's unfolding drama that is told from main characters ' well developed thoughts and emotions , told from eons of time passed long ago.The Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- Earth 's Children , Book One -RRB- .
 I loved reading this book a few years ago and my son Michael read it again for the second time , and we both love it . It takes you into a world of survival , compassion , love , and tenacity , streght of character from all the characters . I could not put it down . Annabella
 Some books are pleasant diversions to pass the time . Clan of the Cave Bear is pleasant , but it is profound and has enormous impact on the way we think of what it means to be human . This is not a book for simply passing the time , but for pondering over time . This novel is life-changing , and is certainly among the handful of novels that one must read before one can claim to be educated . Ayla is one of the most interesting characters in fiction , but the backdrop for her story is possibly the grandest I have ever seen developed in a novel . This novel is unique . Reading it was an experience I will never forget .
 This book is the best out of the whole series , though Valley of the Horses is a close second . The first time I read this book I was 14 and I instantly fell in love with it . In the past 15 years I 've re-read it at least 5-6 times -LRB- pretty much every time Jean M. Auel released a new book I re-read Clan of the Cave Bear -RRB- . You can read a synopsis of the book in the jacket so I wo n't go into the plot . All I will say is if you did a search for it you 're at least mildly interested in reading it ... DO IT !!! You wo n't be disappointed . The other books in the series are good as well and you will most likely want to continue the series as each book ends a journey while at the same time starting a new one . An excellent read !
 In 1977 writer Jean M. Auel began research for her first book , an evocative historical fiction novel which dramatically intersects the lives Neanderthals and Cro-magnon humans in prehistoric Europe . `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' , the cornerstone in the Earth Children series , tells the tale of a Cro-magnon orphan Ayla , who at five years old survives an earthquake and an attack from a cave lion before she is rescued by the kind and wise medicine woman Iza . Though Ayla 's appearance is vastly different , and in the eyes of the Neanderthal clan even ugly , the young girl wins a place among the clan when the holy man and Mog-ur Creb decides her presence is in fact a good omen.Leader Brun remains conflicted between the steadfast traditions his people have long relied upon for their survival versus the benefit of this strange new creature among them . Had the spirits , their totems , really sent this unusual child to them for `` luck '' , even when everything she does inevitably challenges their philosophies and customs?From the way she communicates to the way she expresses emotion , Ayla learns early on she must continue her struggle for survival by integrating with them and behaving as a Clan woman should , rather the ugly outsider she is . However having evolved past what her adopted people are able to do , this proves problematic for the earnest young girl.Whereas her Clan relies on `` memories '' and instinct , she has the ability for analytical thought and deductive reasoning . Whereas her Clan adheres to strict tradition , Ayla is able to adapt and evolve . She finds herself unable to abide constrictive cultural expectations in her ever growing desire to challenge herself and to push herself to the limits of her ability.For a group of people who rely on conformity for their sense of security and balance , she provides a constant source of conflict . This is especially true with Broud , Brun 's son and leader to be . He resents her presence and does whatever he can to make her life miserable , longing to steal from her what he can never possess.Ayla , in her attempt to survive her sometimes dire circumstances , ends up an unintentional hero for feminism itself . What the Clan see in her , and alternately fear in her , is the strength that will carry over in all Homo sapiens for millenniums to come . Her strange behavior , thoughts and feelings are the very things that ensure the survival of her race while highlighting the limitations of their own.It is through this young child who ages no more than a teenager through the course of the novel that we once again are reminded of the indomitable nature of the human spirit.Author Jean Auel herself demonstrates this spirit by the thoughtful and thorough way she researched for this groundbreaking series ; not only did she do extensive study on the Ice Age but physically learned many of the survivalist skills she describes in her books.It lends an authenticity to the tale that will keep the reader vested intellectually , while Ayla and her struggle to survive will emotionally engage audiences for many years to come . Though the prehistoric world they live in is vastly different from our modern times , the themes are widely universal . From racism to sexism and cultural divisiveness and superstition , the dynamic characters of `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' speak a language in which we are all familiar .
 This is a marvelous book ; it deals with Ice Age and the coexistence of Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon . It is a vivid and lucid reconstruction of a long forgotten era.It is the first volume of a powerful series.The story is as follows
 I loved this book , just as much as the other three ! Now I 'm just waiting for the fift book . I belive it 's a while since it should have comed out . So if you read this Mrs Auel , PLEASE finish your fift book about Ayla
 I love this book ! A friend of mine told me to read it , so I decided to trie . And when I started to read I could n't stop . Some books are like that , and the clan of the cave bear is one of them . When I read it I saw pictures in my head , and I really felt with the persons in the book . I really think this is a book everyone should read ! And even the following books , -LRB- Walley of horses , The mammoth hunters and Plains of passage -RRB- that is as good as the Clan of the cavebear
 Jean M. Auel has written a one of a kind story in my opinion . I 've never read anything like THE EARTH 'S CHILDREN series . I 've read all four books more than once . They are not only well written but the research that went into writing them is so complete . But do n't think her account of the people in the stories represents history . Remember , these books are sold in the fiction section . They 're fiction , fantasy and romance . She did a lot of research and you can really get a feel of what the land must have been like 25,000 years ago . Much has been learned about the peole of that era since she wrote the books and so much of it seems inacurate , but it is only a story , after all and one that is extremely well written
 I had no idea , when someone lent me this book , of what I was getting myself into . You see , whenyou read the first line , it completely draws youin , and there 's no escape after that
 This book came out in paperback when I was in 8th grade.The teachers tried to push it on us but at the time I was not ready to read this book . I 'm extremely glad that I did n't pick it up . I would have not appreciated the incredible detail provided or ease of writing that Ms. Auel possesses . I have read all the books over and over and I am anxiously awaiting the fifth . I know I will not be disappointed .
 This book came out in paperback when I was in 8th grade.The teachers tried to push it on us but at the time I was not ready to read this book . I 'm extremely glad that I did n't pick it up . I would have not appreciated the incredible detail provided or ease of writing that Ms. Auel possesses . I have read all the books over and over and I am anxiously awaiting the fifth . I know I will not be disappointed .
 Clan of the Cave Bear gives an insight into an extinct race which evolved in a different direction than what we know of today as the human race , yet it is one that has basically the same beginnings as ours . People of the Clan , as they call themselves , refer to what we know of as the human race as the `` Others '' , a newer , younger breed that had adapted better to the changing world around them in Ice Age Europe to replace this breed of clan people . Ayla , a girl born to the Others , is adopted by clan people when orphaned in an earthquake . Auel twists a tale of intriguing suspense and a sense of adventure and excitement as she takes us along Ayla 's journey into a culture born with memories of how to behave , what is expected of them , and what life was like years before . They can not accept change , and Ayla struggles to change her natural way of being to fit into the culture of the clan , even without these memories . But the Clan makes it difficult , thinking her blue eyes , blond hair and straight limbs are ugly , thinking her crying eyes are injured , her quickness to learn evil and odd , and her ability to speak strange . Read The Clan of the Cave Bear and experience the dawn of the life of man as we know him today from an interesting and remarkable point of view presented by Jean M. Auel
 I loved this book . The picture Jean Auel paints is of an ancient world in a time of change . She makes the characters real , you can sense and identify with their emotions . Hurry with that next book
 An engrossing fictional story based on mankind 's earliest years . The heroine , Ayla , has been separated from her family by a massive earthquake . Though she is only a small child , she embarks upon a journey that will have repercussions down through the ages . After wandering for days in an unfriendly environment , she is found , nearly dead , by a band of Neanderthals who are engaged in their own quest for a new home . Though they are suspicious of the `` Others '' , she is taken into the clan and cared for by the medicine woman , Iza . She wins the heart and loyalty of the most respected and revered member of the clan , Creb the Mog-ur -LRB- holy man -RRB- . Through him and his sister , Iza , she learns the ways of the clan with difficulty and , at times , resentment . Because she is so `` ugly '' , Iza teaches her the art of being a medicine woman so that she will have some usefulness to the clan . Iza fears that she will never mate or have children because of this `` deformity '' . She teaches herself to hunt with a sling , although it is strictly forbidden for the women of the clan to hunt or even touch weapons . She soon becomes the most skilled hunter in the clan much to the chagrin of the clan leader 's son , Broud . He is determined to put her in her place and he discovers the perfect revenge , brutal and malicious rape . Soon after , at the tender age of eleven years , Ayla gives birth to her son , Durc , who is destined to be the clan 's link to the future . Broud is enraged that the infant , whom the clan deems to be deformed also , is accepted and named into the clan . Immediately upon being named as the new leader of the clan , he curses her with `` death '' . The clan can no longer `` see '' her and those that loved her mourn her `` death '' . She becomes a `` spirit '' whom the clan fears will take them with her if they `` see '' her . Suddenly , at the ripe old age of thirteen years , Ayla is once again alone and on her own . She is forced to leave her son and the clan behind her to begin a new life . This life is chronicled by the succeeding books in this enthralling series . I have read all the books Ms. Auel has written in this saga at least twice . I am anxiously awaiting the next book to be released so that I can continue to participate in Ayla 's amazing story . Please hurry Ms. Auel , five years is a long time to wait for the next book in the series and I desperately need an Ayla `` fix ''
 This book was very good !!! I would not normally read books of this topic , but it turned out to be a wonderful , exciting and at some points suspenceful . I highly recommend this book !!!!
 paper.You can really understand and feel for Ayla , her confusion , and love for these prehistoric beings . But it 's hard to imagine that these ... people could be so oblivios to the more advanced ways of different people , that obviosly were going to excel in the human races ... if I could I would give this book a 4.5 because I belive Mrs. Auel gave 90 %
 I also found myself being transported to another world . Have since found how accurate they were in describing history . Not only good reading but a history lesson as well . I have read all of her books and am anxiously awaiting the 5th book of the series . I have to find out how the story ends for Ayla .
 A really great book !! I ca n't wait to read the rest . Mrs. Auel did a wonderful job . I got into it so much I almost started talking with hand symbols !! It 's like I was right there with Ayla ! It takes a great author and a great book to do that . I give it FIVE STARS !!!
 Ms. Auel has done an excellent job of researching and telling this story . I have to keep reminding myself that it is a fictional story . This is a facinating story about life during the Ice Age and one girls struggles to become a respected woman . I have also read the other three books in the Earth Children 's series . As I neared the end of one book , I 'd rush to the store to purchase the next . But on the fourth book -LRB- I new the fifth was not out yet -RRB- instead of rushing through to the end , I put myself on a reading diet and would only allow myself a few pages a day ... I did n't want it to end . Not only has this book increased my knowledge of pre-historic life , it has also given me an interest in herbs . It was great and I recommend it to everyone !
 An excellent read ! I feel the characters are portrayed in depth . The character 's interactions with each other were excellently planned and displayed . The scenery is beautifully described and promotes images in the reader 's mind . I felt that it was definitely the best of the Earth 's Children series . Jean Auel is a truly gifted author with a mind for detail . A well thought out description of Earth 's past .
 Ever since I read Clan of the Cave bear and its sequel The Valley of Horses , I have been looking for books just like it . If i were you , i would rush to the bookstore or the library and get it . Do n't wait . Its a good book .
 This is a not to be missed . Auel tells this story in a way that pulls you in and leaves you wanting more . I can not wait to read the next in the series .
 I think that `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' is a really wonderful book . The plot and character development is all great . I agree though that the area descriptions and stuff about plant remedies can go on WAY to long . Other than that though , it 's great .
 The descriptions and stories are great , though sometimes the nature descriptions get a little out of hand . The book is interesting and you can learn from it , and at the same time it 's exciting . I would off course encourage anyone to read the book , but I would also say there is more to look forward to .
 It 's hard to guess that we know very little about the time in which this book is set and the way their societys worked . This book makes the past seem as real as the present . Ayla 's life and struggles seem to show how little humanity has changed since the beginning of time . It 's easy to identify with her in her struggles against prejudices in the early world
 It has an interesting plot and alot of great information . I read this book when I was in 6th grade , what made me be able to get through it was the fact that the character Ayla was so well built and that I was able to believe she was real and that those thing 's actually happened to her . The rest of the character 's were good too but Iza and Ayla were my favorite . I am in 8th grade now and have read the four book 's in the series that have came out , and I 'm waiting for the 5th to be written so I can read it ! when I read this book I could n't set it down . Do n't worry about letting young children read it , I read it when I was young and I was able to get over the troubling part 's . I actually think it is very educational . Jean did a great job on reaserch and wrote a very interesting , fun book . I reccomend it
 I found these books fascinating and so did my husband . It 's nice to be able to sit down and `` escape '' from our troubled world and read about people who had it a whole lot tougher that we do . A lot of my friend have read them , too and we all agree that these books are very well written , hold your attention and let you escape for a little while . We were not disappointed with any of the books and eagerly awaited the next one . We especially liked Clan of the Cave Bear . She was just a child when she lost her parents and for the most part the clan accepted her . She struck me as a very inteligent person to learn her new tribes rituals and yet was able to keep some of her own that she remembered . I would recommend this series to everybody .
 I enjoyed the characters in this story . The complexity of the every day life for these characters is portrayed as though one is sitting right there . The visual language takes the reader to time and place of the characters.There is love , pain , heartache , family ties , loneliness . It is a tail of life as it could have been so long ago .
 I read this entire series years ago and loved it . I travel a lot in my car for work and decided to get some audio books to pass the time . Checked this one out of the library because it is so long and I am hooked . Just ordered the forth book in the series and can not wait for it to arrive . This was an awesome book the second time around , actually better than the first read . The reader , Sandra Burr is excellent and I hated for it to end . Ayla is my hero !!
 Perhaps one of the best `` easy reads '' of all time . This story is unusual and unexpected , but unforgettable.Think about it ... there 's a reason this book is still being raved about !
 I like this book very much it jsut as injoyable as any other book i think the charecters are what made the book the best Alya is a buetiful person and how Jean.A.Auel tells how she survies threw the tough and easy times is amazing . I have a friend called Alya and her mom named her that cause she was such a big fan of the Earths Children series . The other charecters Iza , Creb , Brun , Broud , and many others were just as enjoyable as the next . The only problem is sometimes she gives to much detail and you feel like you could go to sleep but i recomend it ...
 Un res&uacute;men : El clan del oso cavernario
 I would lile to know what happens to her old clan and does she ever find her son ?
 I 'm giving a four star rating because this story is absorbing and emotional . So I 'm making it clear that I like it . After saying that , I do n't know how else to praise it . It gets a thumbs up for being absorbing and emotional.Now for the negatives . It makes a lot of assumptions about Neanderthal society that I hope are entirely unwarranted , and it gives us a cartoon Supergirl . It is telling us basically that Cro Magnon , namely us , are just so superior to Neanderthal , to an unreasonable degree . Here are some examples.A little Cro Magnon girl with no hunting experience is able to very quickly outshine all of the experienced Neanderthal men in the use of the sling as a weapon to bring down animals . This girl is a little `` David '' with that sling , using it like a repeater rifle that can bring down a hyena from a long distance away . Baloney . I do n't buy that a little 8 year old girl can become such a killing machine . We 're Cro Magnons now , so show me this 8 year old Supergirl today . It makes Cro Magnon seem so superior to Neanderthal , to a comic degree , to an unbelievable degree . Our little girls make far greater warriors than your experienced hunters . No , that smacks of silly superiority.Neanderthal society is a society of utter domination of women by men . Even violent rape is allowed , and the woman has no rights at all to object to getting beaten to a pulp and raped three times a day , every day . This also reeks of Cro Magnon superiority . My guess is that the author is Cro Magnon , no ? I 'd like to see a similar book written by a Neanderthal . I 'm sure that the Neanderthals would n't come off as a bunch of , a bunch of , a bunch of Neanderthals in that book.So , to sum up , this very absorbing and emotional book is an insult to all of us Neanderthals . It makes us look like stupid , misogynistic boobs who ca n't even wield a slingshot as well as a baby girl of your society . All I can say is , put me up against any little baby girl you 've got , and I 'm sure I can do better than she can at slingshotting hyenas.And by the way , we happen to have a female dominated society . The men among us hunt wooly mammoths all day while the women watch Home Shopping Club.This applies to the audio cassette series , which is read beautifully by a Cro Magnon woman , though the speech she uses for her characters is not at all good when the characters are male . I wonder why they do n't hire more than one reader to orally interpret books . Hire a cast of characters . It would help to differentiate the characters and it would prevent the ridiculous attempts by the reader to do a voice of the opposite sex . I 'm sure the producers could get a full set of readers very cheaply .
 She had a older book in paper back , but the ex tore it up in spite . I got her the hard back , and she nearly broke my back with excitment !!! She was nearly in tears she was so happy .
 I really loved this book and the books that follow this one , but I did n't really like the way the people 's feelings are . I mean the way Ayla treated as some stupid animal then next she 's treated like a savior come down to help them . But other then that it was a wonderful book . The way Ayla makes the bad things in her life seem like they were put there so she could be tested to see if she was worthy enough to do other things that the woman of the clan are not supposed to do . Though the parts that confused me were the mogur ceremony and the earthquakes . Because in a way it makes it seem as if all the magic is real .
 Great imagination ! A little to much time spent on details . But I guess that makes for a good book writer .
 This is one of the best books for a summer day - but it was so good I read it in three days - no small feat .
 I really liked this book , I have always been interested in early man , and I think this book sheds new light on the way it could of been back then . I found this book facinating , and I think that it was a wonderful experence.Although she did n't have any facts she still did a good job of filling in those empty spaces .
 It 's been quite awhile since I read this book and the others in the Cave Bear series . This book was definitely the best of the bunch . I have not read the latest one yet , but intend to in the near future . This is the story that lays the plot for all the books in the series , and it is a stunner . It is so real that it 's like Ms. Auel is writing of someone we know . We all feel that we are friends of Ayla by the time we get into the story . I found that Ms. Auel whetted my appetite for other prehistoric novelists , and that turned me to Kathleen and Michael Gear , who I also recommend .
 It 's been quite awhile since I read this book and the others in the Cave Bear series . This book was definitely the best of the bunch . I have not read the latest one yet , but intend to in the near future . This is the story that lays the plot for all the books in the series , and it is a stunner . It is so real that it 's like Ms. Auel is writing of someone we know . We all feel that we are friends of Ayla by the time we get into the story . I found that Ms. Auel whetted my appetite for other prehistoric novelists , and that turned me to Kathleen and Michael Gear , who I also recommend by the way .
 I just finished reading this book and wow !!!!! I am starting her 2nd novel tonite ! I love all the characters and could not put this book down for anything . I want to tell you that I feel like I experienced neanderthal ways of living to the point that our commercialized life is sooo wasteful and boring compared to this saga . I love Ayla with my heart and sole and cried when my favorite characters had fallings of any kind . I love Brun , Iza , Creb and many more !!!!!!!!! My advice !? READ IT !! : -RRB-
 -LRB- although I am sure everyone knows by now what 's happening in the book , I still wo n't go into detail , as it might spoil the fun ! -RRB- I have read and re-read all four books in different editions and languages and I am still not tired!Realizing that there is light at the end of the tunnel -LRB- long wait for the fifth book -RRB- , I started reading the whole series , yet again , to refresh my memory and be ready to dive into the Shelters of Stone.The first installment is simply breathtakingly captivating . Although this was not my first reading , I was still very moved and lived Ayla 's hopes and fears and struggle to be accepted by the Clan.Fascinating details about the life and rituals of the Clan , their beliefs and values are told through this gripping pre-historic thriller.The whole series is a definite must for every shelf . I ca n't sit still waiting for the Shelters of Stone !
 I have read `` Clan of the Cave Bears '' three times , and it just keeps getting better !! It is one of the most wonderful stories that I have ever read . I have read the other 3 books in the series , and I ca n't wait for the 5th . I would reccomend this book to anyone .
 Customers certainly do not need my oppinion , but I need to give it . The Clan of the Cave Bear was one of the first books I have ever read of its kind . I was obsessed with surviving and occupied my childhood with studying plants and animals , disgusted by people who depended so dearly on civilization . Greatfull for my safe home , I still ventured out every day hunting around my backyard for wilderness adventures , and swear I pretended to live the ` survivor series ' so popular today back when those who produce it now were in their own back yards dreaming the same thing . I am convinced Ms. Auel has somehow BEEN to the time of the Clan ...
 What an incredible journey into prehistoric times ! This book is so vivid , so moving , and has exquisite detail about Ayla 's world - both her personal feelings and experiences and the civilization she finds herself in . Do not miss this book .
 I love the Clan of the Cavebear written by Jean M. Auel she has written a very good story on the life of early man and it was well researched and well done . She went threw alot of history and facts and research to tell a good story with characters you like and love , the story is so well done that you feel that you are right there in the middle of everything and seeing it first hand . the story of Ayla who loses her parents to an earthquake is left on her own at a young age and is found by a group of people called the Clan of the Cave Bear , who except for the medicine woman want nothing to do with her and ends up being raised by them . To quote the back cover of the book it is a saga about people , relationships , and the boundaries of love as Ayla struggles to grow up with her new family and learns there ways and one by one gains there trust -LRB- excpect for one -RRB- and live with them . a great book that I enjoy reading time and again .
 I must say , my first impression , from just hearing about the book and reading the first page or so was not good . I had to read this book for one of my college classes , and once I got into it I could n't put it down . I recommend this book -LRB- and all of Auel 's other books -RRB- to everyone . Especially those interested in history , it 's amazing . The thing I found most , interesting was her depiction of the paleolithic age . It was really different that others would imagine .
 Now , I am VERY picky when it comes to books . But this book , while slow going at times , was fantastic . I am not a quick reader so for me this book took a little time . But once you get past some of the slower parts -LRB- in my mind specifically the background of locations etc -RRB- , the contact between these people is amazing and interesting .
 Clan of the Cave Bear is a fantastic story , one which fascinated me . In what other book do we get to read about what Neanderthals may have been like ? And it was not only stimulating to the intellect , but to the soul . The story is truly heart-wrenching and I really felt for the characters.My only complaint is that the book needed some serious editing . Auel is a talented story-teller ... but her writing skills leave something to be desired . Namely , she switches point of view so often in this story that I often had to reread a paragraph to find out whose thoughts were being shared . She 'll switch from Creb , to the narrator , to Iza , to Ayla , and back to the narrator again -- and often within the same paragraph ! Very sloppy writing , and confusing for the reader.However fortunately for Auel , the story speaks for itself . I fully intend to read the rest of this most interesting series .
 I 'm usually a romance fiction type - but decided to try reading something different . I could n't put this down . The research that went into this had to be tremendous and it is very believable . Who 's to say how things were when humans were developing . I 've had a few weeks break now I think I am ready for # 2 in the series .
 The Clan of the Cave Bear was one of the best books i have ever read . You can tell that the author took a lot of time preparing to write this book in her extensive research of the Ice Age and the people that lived at that time . The story could take place in any time period because it is about a person who is adopted into a culture completely different from her own and has trouble fitting into the strict lifestyle . I would definetly recomend this book to everyone .
 Well , I do n't think that I have to convince anyone that this is a good book and the beginning of a good series . I wanted , instead , to express my gratitude that there is a standard-size harcover edition of The Clan of the Cave Bear again to buy . The other three books in the series have remained in print for years , but I could never locate a hard copy of the first novel . A couple of years ago , they re-released the hardcover , but it was in a smaller format , so it did n't match the others.Now , there is the hardcover again , along with the sneak peek at the new novel !
 I 've been rereading this book for the past 20 years . It is one of my favorites ... as are all of the books in the Earth 's Children series .
 I picked up this book because it seemed like the best of a lot of bad choices , but once I read a little bit , I was lost . There are plenty of reasons to list on why this book is an excellent read , but do n't take our word for it . Pick it up for yourself . This book was enlightening , encouraging , heartwrenching and always interesting . You just had to know what happened next . I 've been impatiently waiting for the fifth book in the series , and I 've pre-ordered well in advance . I wish I could thank Ms. Auel for providing such a wonderful heroine , who 's world is too easy to get lost in .
 I 've had this novel for the past year or so , But I could never get into it , so it sat there for months and months . I was going through my books recently , and came across it , so I thought I 'd attempt to read it again . I must say that this novel is fascinating !! The novel is about a little girl who is separated from her Clan and is taken into another Clan who finds her barely alive . The novel , I think , is about coming of age , and acceptence of ones self and of others . I think it 's about growth and basically life . Ayla who is the main character in this novel , goes through many things . She had her ups and downs with the clan of the cave bear , and it gave her an identity and independence that no one in that clan had ever had
 This was a really great book . I loved the descriptions of the different herbs and flowers . It was the kind of book that made you want to find out what 's going to happen next ... I could hardly put it down!But , towards the end of the book it got sad and depressing . The ending was sad too . But other than that , this book was great !!
 I own the entire earth Children Series but Clan of the Cave Bear is my personal favourite ! This book is awesome ! There is no other description .
 I rated that good because this book grabbed my attention inmediatly . Not only is intersting but also instructive . I recommends it to everybody . Regards .
 This book was very different . Who would have thought you could write a work of fiction from Cave Man days . It kept my attention and I ca n't wait to start on the second book in this series .
 Wonderful story . I bought this on my Kindle , and I enjoyed it so much I will be buying it from Amazon as a set.The contents of the book makes you appreciate where we all came from.Jean Auel writes so well , you feel as thoughyou are actually `` in '' the story .
 Several times over the years I 've tried to read this . . but every time it just didnt catch my interest enough ... still , i was pretty sure at some point it Might be worth trying again ... . So after many years i finally downloaded it to kindle and wow , it was terrific ... Now i 'm hooked on reading the entire series . Try it , YOU might love it too !
 This is one of my all time favorite books . I read it as a child and it has inspired a desire to lean about wild herbs that has latesd to this day . It is a really great fiction story . I would recomend it to anyone with an interest in the ice age or survival stories .
 Interesting and a very informative story about how the Cave people survived . The writing was somewhat elementary and repetitive but with a good plot . I would not read the second book in the series .
 Excellent book . Great story , very descriptive ... pages flew by . . it was a quick read . . one can easily visualize the scenes and actions of the characters as well as emotionally connect with them . I 've immediately started the second book in the series .
 THE CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR introduced to modern fiction the prehistoric woman Ayla . Jean M. Auel 's original story has enthralled millions who wait as long as ten years for the next adventure.Each book is a candiate for a reread to discover again why this series outshown the rest.Nash Black , author of SANDPRINTS OF DEATH .
 I have enjoyed rereading Clan of the Cave Bear . I read it the first time right after it came out , and enjoyed it as much this time . I 've ordered The Valley of Horses from Amazon again and plan to order the rest of the series from them .
 This is a wonderful book that is exciting and new . If you are looking for an original book that contains adventure and a bit of mystery , this is the book for you . The sequels to this book lag a bit though . `` Valley of Horses '' was good but not quite as good as the first book -LRB- Clan of the Cave Bear -RRB- . The rest of the series are acutally really boring because they keep on repeating the same stuff that was in the first and second book . I am in the middle of the third book , `` The Mammoth Hunters '' and I find that I have to force myself to read it because it is so boring .
 Even though some of it is far fetched , and a little unbelievable thats fine . Its not as if its possible to tell what the people were like in that age . Very interesting idea 's , well written with great characters ... I loved the ending , it made me have to read the sequel which is good . I must say the rest arent as great , but still really good . One minor problem in my opinion is the extensive detail about the settings ... to me it was boring and i usually skipped those parts . Still a great book give it a try .
 When I read this book for the first time , I was just looking for something to do on a long bus ride to one of my Cross Country meets . But since the Earthquake on the first two pages , Auel 's lovely description and wonderful storytelling skills has had me hooked . After reading this book , I was incredibly eager to read the next book in the series .
 This book is excellent . It is not any ordinary story , and is a fantastic veiw of what might have been . The conflict is created and developed perfectly , and everything that happens is believable . When reading this book , you will laugh and cry at times , and also learn a lot about the age - about neanderthals , the ice age , medicine , toolmaking , and more . Auel displays an amazing theory of why the Neanderthals might have become extinct when the Cro Magnons did not . I recommend this book to anyone who would like to be drawn into a world completely unlike our own and escape the daily schedules to have an experience to remember without even leaving your bed .
 I did the unabridged audiobook . 14 tapes of prehistoric immersion into the culture of the clan . Very satisfying , very informative , very revealing and very thought-provoking . You get to know these neanderthals better than your own clan -LRB- and maybe they make more sense in their own way ! -RRB- . I wish I had a smidgen of their herblore knowledge and I got to admire their common sense approach to problems . What is you animal totem ? It now seems so important somehow . Enjoy .
 A friend of mine recommended this book to me a long time ago and I should not of waited.I got hooked on it from the first chapter and I could not stop until I finished reading the last chapter in the series . The only good thing about waiting so long to actually read this series is , I do not have to wait as long as some of the others who has been waiting for years for the next book to come out !
 This book was really amazing . It is an emotionaly involved book , you really ca n't help but get into it and absolutly love it .
 It held my interest all the way through , as did the 3 succeeding books in the Earth 's Children series . The last book I have heard of came out in '90 or ' 91 . WHERE ON EARTH IS THE 5TH BOOK ! HAVE HEARD NOTHING SINCE . THE COVER OF `` THE PLAINS OF PASSAGE '' STATES MS AUEL WAS WORKING ON THE 5TH BOOK . WHAT HAPPENED ? DID SHE FALL ILL OR DIE ? This fan wants to know and I am certain I am not the only one who wants to know . Mary-Margaret Beach &lt;palen98@hotmail.com&gt;
 I loved this book ! I could n't put it down . The characters are so real , and Ayla is an amazing woman . This novel is more than just fiction , it is based in archeological truths , so I did a bit of learning about early man/woman . One note ... do n't watch the movie version of this , its terrible and does n't even touch the strength of this book .
 This is unlike my usual choice of reading , but I really enjoyed it . It contained a lot of interesting events and information that really stimulated my anger -LRB- such as the cruel treatment of Broud to Ayla -RRB- . I disliked Broud and would have done everything in my power to annoy him if I were Ayla . i am disappointed that Ayla left her son behind with the clan , but he would have slowed her down . I reccomend this book for any avid reader that can handle long yet interesting books . Also , if I were a district official of a school , I would make it mandatory for prehistoric history students .
 This book is good in its detailed descriptions of Neanderthals ' way of life , customs and beliefs . I enjoyed reading about the climate , flora and fauna of the region and how people adapted to it , especially about the medicinal purposes of so many `` modern age '' plants . Who would have thought that willow bark is a painkiller ? Despite some really ridiculous claims like the ability of Neanderthals to inherit the memories of life evolution on Earth -LRB- complete with water-to-earth and back to water transitions of marine mammals -RRB- , the book is overall believable and makes an enjoyable weekend read.But reader beware ! This is the only book of the Earth 's Children series worth reading . All the sequels to this book are progressively worse , loosing any shreds of realism -LRB- and plain common sense -RRB- and overflowing with absolutely ridiculous historical claims and repetitive sex scenes . If you do n't want to be bitterly disappointed , resist the temptation to read sequels to this book !
 One of my favorite books , I 've carted my worn out first-print paperback through 5 houses and taped the poor thing back together when I finally wore out the spine.The book focuses on Ayla as she is raised by a primative clan -LRB- Neanderthal ? I 'm not sure -RRB- after the untimely death of her family . It 's obvious that Auel has done an insane amount of research on this series , and she uses this to add a touch of realism to the story . Unlike the others in this series , it 's not a love-story , its more of an adventure . Definitely good for people who want a fantasy adventure story that 's not your typical bodice-ripper romance novel .
 I gave birth to my daughter , Summer Rose , when I was 17 . Shortly after I noticed such a drastic change in my lifestyle . Throughtout my life the only time I picked up a book was in school when it was assigned . Never had I dreamed of reading for recreational purposes . I thought my own mother was crazy for even willingly picking up a book . However , ever since I was a child my facination with pre-history and native american history has always pulled at my blood and has crept not only in my brain but has made a place in my heart . Becoming a mother myself gave me the leverage I needed to finally pick up a book and see what the written word has provided for individuals such as myself . My first book to read for the reason as just because was The Clan of the Cave Bear by Jean M. Auel . Not only did it grasp my attention but it blew me away . Never in my life did I expect to love reading as much as I read this book . I thought the details and research was to my knowledge accurate -LRB- but of course I 'm no expert ! -RRB- The story line was believable and very hard to put down . I thought nothing would ever top this until I heard that there was a sequel ...
 I have read this book several times since it was first published and have never tired of it . Jean M Auel has obviously done her research before embarking on this novel and by doing so has managed to recreate the ancient world of the Neanderthals in a totally believable way.This is such an evocative book you can visualise the clan and their surroundings almost as if you were sat among them . The sights , sounds , smells are described so well that they feel almost real . It makes for a fascinating glimpse in to an ancient , forgotten way of life.Interwoven with this , is the wonderful tale of Ayla , a young Cro-Magnon girl who is adopted by a clan of Neanderthals after an earthquake leaves her orphaned . Her ` adoptive ' mother , Isa , along with the clan 's Magician , Creb , try hard to integrate Ayla into their community but not everyone is as welcoming to this strange child who not only looks so different , but acts in a way that is so alien to them.A young clan male , Broud , hates Ayla with a passion and unfortunately for Ayla , Broud is destined to be clan leader one day . Her struggle to be accepted among the members of the clan and the interaction between all of the characters , along with the richly detailed descriptions , make for a fascinating and absorbing read . This book works well on all levels and I would highly recommend it .
 I absolutely love this book . I ca n't say enough about it . Out of all of the books , I find that this one is the most fascinating . Jean Auel is an amazing writer . I have loved this book since I was 13 years old . I have read it so many times that not only have I memorized it , but I have had to replace my battered old copy . This book will make you laugh and cry and get angry . I have never been able to find a book that I love as much as this one and believe me , I have read a lot . Jean Auel makes you feel the characters and makes you believe in her theory about Neanderthals and Cro-Magnons . Her wrirting and characters are vivid and unforgettable . This one is a definite must read .
 I loved this book from the very beginning all the way to the very end . I laughed and cried and got mad and then recovered and then did the emotions all over again.A good read is a book that allows the reader to learn -LRB- as I definitely did about prehistoric times and about botany -RRB- and also to love the characters like Creb , Iza , and of course the main character Alya . To also get mad when things are n't going for the character 's we love and to cry when they go so wrong that we feel for it too our hearts.This is the best book I have read and I am serious . I am already on page 200 of the next book to read after this one . `` The Valley of the Horses '' . I love it also and ca n't wait to see what is going to happen next ! What a wonderful series ! See ya on this review board on the current book when I am finished ! : -RRB-
 Jean Auel has written one of the most compelling series I have ever read , I ca n't ever get enough of these books
 I was 14 years old when I read this book , and quickly followed with the next two . The other reviews focused on the plot , so I will omit that . I am going to instead concentrate on how it made me feel . As a teenager , reading about this young woman 's struggle to fit in when she was so different really struck home . The story also concentrates on freedom issues that face women . How many times I identified with Ayla -LRB- main character -RRB- when she was yet again having her uniqueness stifled , or having her love rejected I can not say . I found myself learning to stand up , and become strong physically and emotionally from her example . In short , I wanted to be her - an intelligent , strong , independant , loving healer who had to guts to defy the patriarcal system she grew up in . This book also has some wonderful information about herbal medicine and food preparation . I would especially highly recommend this to young women , because of the wonderful example it sets . I have to say I love the second book as well for it 's theme of being tested by solitude , and facing predjudice . In truth , I love them all but the first two are by far the best . And I too waited over ten years for the fifth book !
 The first in the Earth 's Children series will make you a continuing reader of the rest of the more recent books . Excellent character development and realistic setting . The reader is immediately drawn into the story and remains a follower of Ayla and her adventures in the continuing series of books.A must read ! Interesting and informative!Evelyn Horan - teacher/counselor/authorJeannie , A Texas Froniter Girl , Books One - Three
 this book is great !! i love this book and have become addicted to it . im obsesed -LRB- sorry i dont no how to spell it -RRB- anyway . that is all i go on about , it really bugs my friends . i admit , this book can get abit borin coz it does describe it alot but its still great . i bet anyone with a heart who reads this book will cry at least once
 I first discovered this wonderful novel in a old book store a few years ago . Once I opened the first page and read a few lines I knew I was hooked . Since then I had the joy of reading all the books currently published by Ms. Auel and they have all been a delight to read . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone .
 I loved this book so much . Ayla is sure to be a classic in liturature to come in the next decade or so . She is a great role modle . I think this woman has major courage ! If this is your first book in the series , keep reading it 's worth the time and effort , I promise !
 When I first picked up this book -LRB- some 8 years ago -RRB- I was initially put off by the thickness of it . But once I started reading I was totally hooked.The strong , self-assured and intellegent female character was truely refreshing . I have given this book to my sisters and to several friends . And whenever I get into a discussion about ` good books ' this is one of the books I bring up and strongly encourage every I know to read.Today I have come to shop for this book so that I might send it to a pen-pal in West Africa . He wants me to send him books that will assist him in speaking better english . And this was the first book I thouht to send him . Well that and a dictionary.Thanks to Jean Auel for writing such a great novel .
 When I first began The Clan of the Cave Bear I gave up in the middle of the first chapter , felt it was too feministic . Then I began again & found this & the next three to be some of the best reading I 've ever done . Please let us know when we can see book five !!! Creb lives !!!
 I have read these books to the point of wearing out my paperbacks . Ayla is the role model I never had as a young girl and sets a high standard for all of us to attain . I was completely transported to a different place and time while I read each story and felt drawn toward these marvelously written characters . I am so anxious for Ms. Auel 's next creation I can not pass a bookstore , anywhere , without checking to see if it 's in yet . Please hurry , Jean !
 I have read the Earth 's Children series more than once and will read it again once the fifth book comes out . What I like about this series is the fact that each book is relatively stand alone in understanding the characters . You could easily pick up The Plains Of Passage and get a fair sense of what has happened to Ayla and Jondalar . I am very happy that the fifth book will be released soon ... I just wish we knew when .
 love the book when is the 5 one coming to store
 I first read `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' shortly after the movie came about -LRB- quite a few years ago -RRB- . I liked the movie , so I said let 's read the book . Well one of Jean Auel 's books lead to the next and than the next one . I am proud to say I have read all of the Earth Children 's sagas , and ca n't wait for the next one . I want to find out what happened to Aya and the rest of the characters . Please , please Jean , come out with another book soon . The wait is killing me !!!
 I read this book when I was 17 years old , I can only say its my all time favorit.Jean captures your heart with Ayla and leaves you panting for more.The details of the earth and nature make you think you are there.A great read you wont be sorry !!
 I got this book for Christmas , and was hesitant to read it , because it sounded a little boring . But I brought myself to read it , and loved it ! I loved every word ! It is 500 pgs , and I read it in 3 days . It was so excellent . Jean Auel expressed Ayla 's feeling , Broud 's hatred , Iza 's love , and Creb 's frustration . It was a wonderful story !
 This is a marvelous book ; it deals with Ice Age and the coexistence of Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon . A vivid and lucid reconstruction of a long forgotten era . Ayla is Cro-Magnon orphaned by an earthquake and adopted by a Neanderthal female , from this point on , a strange world unfold . It 's a discovery trip for Ayla and the reader . At the same time allows us a deep insight into `` otherness '' . In a present world that is shrinking and cultural differences arise every minute , Ms Auel 's work show the human common traits that make us kin to every other human being , even if it is as distant related as a Neanderthal.Don ' t miss this experience.Reviewed by Max Yofre .
 I never would have guessed that this book would change my whole view on the past . I am now very interested in ancient lives that its all i read . I have read all of the series , and i cant wait for the next . I felt as though i was the character , and I couldnt -LRB- neither could you -RRB- predict what was next . The pages become alive in the mind . Go GET IT !!
 I first read this book when i was doing laundry and it happened to be sitting in the laundromat . I think it 's fantastic and I 've read it at least five or six times . I especially love the prehistoric setting . Jean M. Auel obviously did a lot of research . Well worth the time it takes to read .
 Do you not remember the Clan of the Cave Bear hype in the mid-80 's ... it was all the rage . The book is good . Good story , a little difficult to believe at times , since a lot of the actions of the people in the `` clans '' are hypothesized . But all in all a determinate story of survival , and coming of age in the post ice valleys . I do believe that she , Auel stole a bit from the Native Americans , well not steal per se , since their culture more closely mirrors the nomadic clans , but there are interesting depictions of seers , spirit chasers and medicine women . There are some romantic scenes which I have to admit were a little much for a 14 year old , but interesting nonetheless . Slightly educational and a good read . - Jennifer Rees
 The best book is this one right here ! Ms. Auel 's story makes you feel as though you right there next to Ayla the whole time . You 're there when she 's in the earthquake , during her time with the clan , when she leaves and all the way up until the end . When I read the first story , I could n't put it down and when I finished , I ran to the bookstore to buy the others . I ca n't wait for the fifth one to come out . And as long as there are more books of this series coming , I 'll be reading them . Two thumbs up and a must read !
 I really loved this book . I read it when I was seven and I still remember it . There are some graphic and parts that may not be suitable for smaller children , but it is good nonetheless ! I give it five for the great character development , adjectives , and all over good . I loved it and I suggest wholeheartedly that you buy , or rent , or borrow , or do whatever you have to do to read this book - it 's great !
 The novelty and originality of this novel was incredible ! I never read anything as creative and imaginative as this enjoyable piece of literature . Admittedly , it is a lot of pages , but well worth the time reading it . It truly transports you to another world ... one so remote , but yet made to feel so real and vivid by the author . When you 're done , you feel left wanting more ... and , guess what , there is more -- those wonderful sequels !
 This was a wonderful and compelling novel to read . I read it as a fourth grader . Yes , I was what nine years old when someone reccommended that I read this book . It was an extremely well written account of life for Ayla in the prehistoric times . I instantly hated Broud , and after reading a few chapters knew he would rape her . But , look beyond the graphic sex . Sex is a part of life . You ca n't shelter yourself from it . Those scenes were there to help tell the story of Ayla . Without it , her hatred of Broud would not have been complete . This book deserves more than five stars . I give it two thumbs way up.P.S . Yes , I was a fourth grader when I read it . I 've also read the other four books and await the fifth in earnest . Those of you who think that the sex in all of the books makes them trashy , get a damn life !
 These books are fantastic . I was fascinated from the very start - It is hard to imagine how a 5 year old girl can captivate so many people but Jean Auel does it somehow . Ayla seems such a strong independent spirit and I feel like i know her so well . This is one of the few books that has made me weep but at the bit where Iza dies I had to stop reading because it upset me so much . Me and my friend tried learning sling-throwing in the garden so we could be like Ayla - she made such an impression on us . I was so excited when the film was on - I got up at 2 in the morning because i could n't wait until the morning to see it !!! It does n't even touch the magic of the book but is still definately worth seeing . The other books do not reach the same standard of tCotCB . Although in book 3 you can draw interesting comparisons between the way of live of neanderthal and Cro-magnon people , the plot fades into the background to make way for descriptions of plants , animals and sex , sex and more sex ! But despite this I still kept reading -LRB- and re-reading -RRB- and I am eagerly awaiting book 5 - i want to find out whether Ayla has a boy or a girl !
 I 'm only 11 , so my opinion may not count much , but this was a really good series ! The story of a person going through so much and yet still surviving is one worth the effort -LRB- although it did n't take me long to read the series -RRB- . Even if they were printed before I was born , it seems like an eternity for the next book to come out . What 's the deal ? Oh well , I 'll comfort myself with the other four .
 The beginning of an era that leads us to our modern day word . Jean Auel your research lead me to a different me and place . fantastic
 I read this book 20 years ago and was eager to reads it and eventenially I hope to read all of Jean Auels ' books in the near future .
 Love this series , this is the first book and it starts slow but once you get into it , you ca n't stop !
 What an amazing and visually stunning book . It has been years since I have read anything that has shook me to the core of my humanity . This book has done just that . Will be reading this entire series . Such a prolific and dynamic writer . So glad my mother in law introduced me to this author .
 Made our vehicular vacation a real joy . I could n't wait to continue our journey listening to Ayla 's journey . Now we 're home again and there is some story unfinished but we have scheduled some quiet time to enjoy the rest of the story . It 's a win win for me , great story and the most fantastic company to share it with , yea me !
 I loved all three books . I had read the Shelters of Stone first as it was a gift , but thoroughly enjoyed going back to see where it all began . Amazing author .
 This book was wonderful - I have already started her second book - Valley of the Horses.Her descriptions make you feel as if you are right there with the main character . I definitely recommend this book .
 I am currently reading The Mammouth Hunters by Jean Auel , and it reminded me of how much I enjoyed The Clan of the Cave Bear . The story `` gets '' you on page one . Jean keeps building an amazingly plausible fiction of how we -LRB- mankind -RRB- only made it to number one spot by luck and a more efficient design . The Clan dominated their world and would have succeeded but for a design flaw - and not an obvious one . I am a sci-fi adict and have read most of the classics and many other not so well known titles . But to me The Clan of the Cave Bear is the most thought provocing and possible concept .
 This is the second time I am ready this series and I love it as much this time as I did 10 years ago when I first read them . The main Character Ayla is wonderful and you become very attached to her from the time you meet her at age 5 through her life . You root for her and cry for her . I can wait to start book 2,3,4 , ... until the last book which recently came out in 2012 . Well worth the 500 + pages
 Great read , goes quickly . Enjoyed reading about the cave people and the spirits . Currently on book two and it is just a great book as well . Would recommend highly reading this book .
 I bought this book because I had suggested my book club read it and I had loaned out my old copy . Everyone at the club said they enjoyed it . From the wonderful imagination that enables the writer to tell you what the day to day life of people in cave man times was like ; to the research that gives you an idea of what the geography and environment were ; to the incredible story of courage and perseverance that the heroine lives , this is an excellent read . I could n't wait to follow the heroine in the succeeding novels written by Jean Auel .
 This is the first book I ever read written by Jean Auel and could not put it down . Fascinating from the everyday description of the existance of a long gone species of a Neanderthal clan to the anthropological details that make us understand our origins and how we evolved to be who we are today ... Recommend it to all ... young and young at heart !
 Novels come and go , in our bookshelves and in our minds . But Clan of the Cave Bear is one with glue that sticks with us forever . I read this book 30 years ago when it was first published , and loved it . Shared it with my friends and family members at the time , who loved it , too . Now that I have a teenage granddaughter , I ordered it so she could enjoy it as well.Jean Auel created a character set in the backdrop of the Neantherthal age who could be -LRB- should be -RRB- a hero and role model to young girls everywhere . Her journey takes the reader into the hearts and minds of people who lived so long ago , yet the human element of love resounds deeply.Read this book ! You wo n't be able to put it down . It is unlike anything you have ever read before .
 There is something both mundane and exciting about this book . I read it cover to cover . I could n't put it down . It 's a beautiful story and the author has put so much research into it . A must-read for all women interested in prehistoric culture and even men who do n't mind books with a good believeable heroine.I first started this book when I was 17 but could n't get into it at first because of the apparent mundanity of the story . But I discovered later that the beauty is in the details with this book . The characters and the author 's descriptions of the landscape and culture of the people are just wonderful.I highly recommend this as an addition to a fantasy collection .
 I 'd love to carry all the series on my Kindle ! Please do it as soon as possible !
 A good story , told very well . There are hints of some of the problems that show up in the later books -LRB- repetition , soap opera , dry explanation of the flora/fauna/history , unnecessary heroics on the part of Ayla -RRB- , but they are just hints . The story here in the first episode is very tight . Surprisingly , Auel is willing -LRB- and able -RRB- to be a bit depressing in the last 30 % and still pull off a powerful and satisfying ending . For once in the series , things do seem real and believable .
 I wholeheartedly recommend this series of books . They are so different from the other novels out there . Aside from the interesting -LRB- although sometimes very lengthy -RRB- descriptions of the prehistoric landscape , the storyline is compelling . I could not put these books down !
 I ordered all the 5 books that have been published so far in this series . The author writes very well and has done her homework on this era of history . Great love story also .
 While some people complain of inaccuracies in Ms. Auel 's novel , it is important to remember that this was written in the 70 's , back before much of our archaeological technologies existed . Much of what we know today we did not know back then , especially in the field of genes . However , with what she researched back then , we 're presented with a solid and enjoyable read . The descriptions are lush -LRB- and sometimes overwhelming -RRB- and you definitely get a very good read - I find this better than many novels today by sub-par authors like Danielle Steel and Fern Michaels .
 My mom had a copy of this book when I was younger and this series were some of the first adult books I ever read . I was n't sure if I would still enjoy the story now but I could n't put it down!A young girl , Ayla -LRB- one of the Others -RRB- is found alone and wounded by a medicine woman of the Clan , Iza . She is taken in by the Clan and raised as one of them . As a result of being different she makes many dangerous mistakes and behavioural errors but also finds friendship among the Clan . Ayla 's struggles to fit in lead others to question the accepted ways and what `` normal '' is.I found the characters easy to relate to despite the novel being set in prehistoric times . The story revolves around fitting in and how much a person can change who they are , or if they should . I will be reading the rest of the series again , and the fifth one for the first time !
 This story was great ! As I was reading I totally lost my self in the story . The descriptions and well researched information took me back in time and I could almost hear the grunts , the crackle of the fire and smell the meat roasting ! Sometimes though , details were a little much and I felt anxious to get on with the story when the author was explaining the tedious steps involved in making a weapon or such things like that . After finishing the book I have a yearning for simplicity . I set out to enjoy nature and nurish my body with the earth . My fitness trainers have been bothering me to try this new Paleo diet , -LRB- where we eat like cave men , -RRB- and after reading the descriptions of Ayla 's lean long body I have decided to try it !
 I actually bought this book to replace the original that my mother gave away years ago.Clan of the Cave Bear and it 's characters have stayed with me since I first read it in 1980 while I was at school . Jean 's descriptive passages really took me to the cave . I felt as if I knew the characters - some I loved and some I hated with passion . Ayla really got under my skin . I re-read it before I read `` Valley of the Horses '' to get back into the ` mood ' . I have to admit , I re-read each book -LRB- all the previous books -RRB- before I read the next one . I have been in love with this series and these characters since the first day I started reading this series.I was privileged to meet Jean when her `` Land of the Painted Caves '' came out a couple of years ago . She felt like a kindred spirit to me . I am so glad that she was able to finish the series.Please , if you enjoy history -LRB- at least one version of it -RRB- and really get into characters , read this book and then read the series . This series is my secret guilty pleasure and one I have gone back to time and again .
 A friend suggested this book as something that I would like . I have to admit that I did not like any of her previous choices for me , but this book was excellent . I read it in two days and could not put it down . It was described in such beautiful detail that at times I felt as if I was right there with the characters having the experiences with them . I would tell anyone that may be interested in a period of history seldom ever discussed that this is your kind of read . Enjoy !!!
 This is the first book I have read in many years . I ca n't put it down and it 's super good . I purchased all 4 and I cant wait to read them all .
 I had heard about this book several times before I read it , by people telling me I would like this because of my tastes , I enjoy historical fiction.This book did NOT disappoint ! Jean M. Auel 's prose is rich and descriptive -LRB- perhaps a bit too descriptive for some , but it suited me just fine ! -RRB- so that it was very , very , very easy for me to imagine the settings , from the hunting grounds to the cave , to the setting of the Gathering of the Clans , and so on and so forth . Not only that , but smaller details also bring this setting to life - the plants that Iza and Creb use in their medicine/magic , the creation of hunting implements or clothing , Clan traditions and ceremonies , and what have you.Life is not easy for Ayla since she is an Other , a Cro-Magnon and the only one in a Clan of Neanderthals . She is adopted by Iza who treats her as her own child , even after she has a daughter of her own , Uba . Ayla is raised to be a medicine woman , and while she lacks the Clan memories , Iza notes that she is quicker to learn , so what she lacks for in inherited memory , she makes up for in the ability to acquire new things . This is noted more than once and not just by Iza , since the wise Mog-ur himself understands that it is this ability to learn that will ensure the survival of Ayla and her species and unless the Clan gain/foster at least some of this ability , they will become extinct even with their inherited memories.Ayla for the most part manages to fit in with the Clan . Her medicinal abilities become respected , and she learns to live with/deal with the intense patriarchal society of the Clan . Most of the men respect her , but every story needs an antagonist , and we get one hell of an antagonist here - Broud , the son of the Clan chief . He is an overall stinker , but he takes most of it out on Ayla because he feels threatened by her despite the fact that Ayla does not try to purposely antagonize him . He does pretty terrible things to her , but Ayla prevails and gains more respect after a particular ordeal.With the richness of setting , characters , and story , this is a book that you simply can not go wrong with . There are five more books in this series , but this one remains the best of them all .
 I read this book around 30n years ago , and have read it several times since . The amount of research that Ms. Auel puts into these books make the story really shine . I had no problem envisioning the settings and surroundings of the Clan and their territory . Sometimes Ms. Auel could get heavy on descriptions , but better than some authors who rush through this vital element of any story . Ayla 's struggle to fit in with the Clan and learn their ways is not always easy , especially with the constant antagonism of Broud , a man who hates Ayla for no apparent reason . In the immensely patriarchal society of the Clan , where it is okay for a man to beat a woman , Ayla has a hard time , but there are also good moments , and she finds a place of value within the Clan . This is a book I will never forget , and it is a shame that this enthralling saga came to such a pathetic end in ` Land of Painted Caves ' , the sixth and final book of this series .
 I am in love with this book and the other books in this series . Some people say I 'm too young to read this book , but i think even young people will enjoy this book . Ayla is my idol!She is so brave and smart . After reading this book I now want to become a writer and a arcaeologist !!!!!
 Some one had to twist my arm to make me start to read it but when I started I was hooked . I was fascinated by the story , the characters and all the fantastic research that gave a feel of authenticity to the context.Just do n't get started with it if you do n't have time to read within the following weeks since you wo n't be able to stop and hop on to the next book . You can skip the last one which does not add anything to story and instead take a plane / train to France to visit the painted caves.Enjoy !
 I love the start of a life journey of these characters ! They 're like old friends to me . I can always count on this book series to be interesting , educational , and to hold my attention without being dramatic or unrealistic - not that there are n't dramatic parts , because their are - but the drama in this series is based on an entire life unfolding rather than a short time span like most books are . The characters are ones I have fallen in love with . This book is how it all started - and the characters are present , if only in memory , for the rest of Ayla 's life in the entire series . The stories here are what shape an incredible character . LOVE .
 I am re-reading this book . First read it more than 25 years ago . Fascinating as are the rest of Jean Auel 's series . Very well researched and interesting
 I was n't sure how I would like this book as there is n't a whole lot known about Neanderthals and Cro-magnon peoples in terms of their daily lives . Let me tell you , this book hits it out of the park ! All my concerns were for nothing and this will be one of my favorite reads of 2011 . Auel makes the very distant to us Neanderthals and Cro-Magnon come to vivid life . We get a very believable description of how they may have lived life - from the clothing they wore , to the spirits they could have believed in , the food they ate , how they hunted , and what they may have thought about each other . A vast amount of details would have to have been supplied by the author as aspects such as their belief system will likely never be known - but they felt seemless and believable.As strong as the writing is regarding the culture and setting , the characters are where the writing shines . There is quite a large cast of main characters and even more supporting characters , however Auel constructs all into well rounded characters that you can identify and connect to . Even the supporting cast does not get pushed into the background . One way that you know you have great characters is when their actions or things that happen to them can bring you to tears - and at several points in this novel that happened to me . You can get so emotionally connected to these characters . One of the characters that I loved the most is Brun , the leader of the clan . I really enjoyed how he would weigh all of the options and really tried to do what was best for everyone.I did n't want to put this book down and eagerly anticipated getting back in the car to listen to it - I did n't love that it usually meant I had to be on my way to work though ! Although I want to jump right into the rest of the series , I have heard mixed reviews of the other books , so I am waiting until my love for this book dies down a little bit .
 If you enjoy anthropology , archeaology , and learning about the first of mankind on our planet , then you will find this entire series plausibe , and very enjoyable reading . This is a series of books that completely holds your attention through every page . Every book is based on thorough research of ancient sites , tools , and other findings that tell us about the people of yesteryear and how they survived the glacier period . The characters are so well presented that they seem real . Each additional novel is a continual saga from the prior book , so continuity flows very well .
 While the story and characters are good , what really draws me into this series is the information on prehistoric man . Did you ever wonder how people figured out fire or how to tame horses , why one species of pre-human eventually won out over another , how knowledge was passed down , how people spent their days , how they explained biological processes ? What customs established in prehistoric times have influenced today 's culture ? This series gives you insight into all these things and more.There is a bit of fantasy in this novel , but the facts are incredibly well-researched by the author -LRB- medicinal herbs ! -RRB- . Once you 've read this first book , you will have to read the rest.This is the first historical fiction I have read - it has opened my eyes to the genre . -LRB- The later books in the series have more sexual themes , so parents might want to discuss books with their teens who are reading it . -RRB-
 Cave of the Clan Bear is well written . It moves quickly . The descriptions of the venue are detailed enough to draw the reader into the scene and the little girl 's trials are believable .
 I first read this book back in the 1990s and was hooked on the series . Love the ancient period it covers and especially that the main character is a woman . Jean Auel characters are believable and interesting . Great series . The only thing I do n't like in the books , is the over description on some things , which , in my opinion , can go over the top . I decided not to read the latest book , after reading the reviews which are pretty poor , as I did n't want to spoil the experience . I am now re-reading the first three books in Kindle .
 The book starts a bit slow but then really grabs your attention . The first in a series of `` Earth 's Children '' by Jean M. Auel , it tells the story of a girl in caveman days who loses her family and her clan and finds another clan who looks at her as an outsider , but accepts her because the the strengths of the medicine woman and shaman .
 Loved this book from the very beginning ; just reading about Ayla and her struggles and victories . She overcomes so much having to prove herself . Ayla is one of the only heroine 's I truly admire . She is humble and modest and proves herself not by bragging but through her actions and accomplishments .
 This book was gift for a friend who loves the writings of Jean Auel . My friend had trouble putting the book down and now wants to own the series . Everything the seller listed was factual and the book was very quickly shipped .
 When I first read this book back in the 80s , I was in heaven . It was one of a handful of books that I truly loved . Then the sequals sprang and I was thouroughly disappointed . This is a truly great novel , but the other books are not near as good and infact , some are just wretched . I recommend this book and no others . The author never did know what to do with the series . She just repeats things that already happened and the other books barely have plots . However , this book is a must-read .
 the earth children series was a wonderful read , I din ` nt want to put it down and I did ` nt want it to end.very entertaining.and their is a book 6 .
 This is an outstanding book ; the first and by far the best of the Earth 's Children Series . In telling the story of Ayla and the Clan , Jean Auel opens a window to the life of our ancestors many many centuries ago . The primitive beliefs and customs , the tribal ceremonies and rituals are fascinating and the play of human relationships between the various characters makes for a very good read . The characters themselves are many faceted -LRB- except perhaps Broud , whose persistent villainousness seems more 21st century ! -RRB- and Jean Auel manages to get the reader in sync with the thoughts and actions of each character . It is educative to see the clearly defined roles people had in those days ; the chieftain , the medicine woman , the priest . Against its backdrop of another time and place , the story itself is age old . A newcomer to a group upsets the set norms of existence and questions ideas and rules that the group takes for granted . Some in the group appreciate the challenge , others insist that the norms are set in stone and can not be challenged . This is a book for any student of human nature . Highly recommended .
 Normally , I read contemporaries but this series drew me in . Ayla struggles to live when ice sheets were retreating from Europe . She 's raised by Clan , people who communicate with body language more than vocals , and makes many mistakes on her way to adulthood . Jean Auel 's research at times intrudes but mostly this is a story that completely transports the reader to a long ago time where you root for the heroine and feel the fear and trauma along with her . My bookshelves are few but this series has designated space because I revisit favorite scenes often .
 It 's been more than twenty years since I first read _ Clan of the Cave Bear _ . I picked it up again at the start of a long airplane trip , and was frustrated that the plane landed before I could finish the book . If the test of time is a sign of a book 's quality , then _ Clan of the Cave Bear _ passes with top honors.I enjoyed Auel 's vivid recreation of the landscape shared by our Neanderthal cousins and our Cro Magnon ancestors , I was impressed by her imaginative rendering of what was known about these people 's prehistoric technologies and lifestyles , and I was caught up in the interpersonal dramas that unfolded very believably , yet within a radically different culture and worldview . If anything , I enjoyed re-reading the book more than reading it for the first time . Highly recommended.Robert Adler , author of Medical Firsts
 I really enjoyed the Clan of the Cave Bear because it was descriptive and interesting . The characters and settings are very realistic . This book brought out every emotion in me and I found it almost addictive . I would recommend the Clan of The Cave Bear to anyone with an open mind , who enjoys fictions stories that include factual information . This book is intended for an older audience . It may be hard for younger children to understand because of the way it is written . The Clan of the Cave Bear is at a reading level of grade 7 and up.What I really enjoyed about this book was that Jean M Auel portrayed the Cave people as being intelligent , with a structured culture , instead of the stereotypical image of Cave people portrayed in most stories . Another aspect of the book i really enjoyed is that the Clan of the Cave Bear is filled with information about the prehistoric area . The book describes detailed facts about how weapons are created , how the clan men hunt and how the clan thinks . What I did not enjoy about this book was that sometimes Jean M. Auel described the setting with too much detail . I thought that the imagery she used was sometimes too descriptive and that there could be more imagination and less facts in the setting .
 This book is the first in a series to capture my imagination . To me , a novel that holds my interest must hold * some * realistic bearing of truth . At the same time however it MUST have a severe overlay of fiction . Believable , but definitely fiction . That 's what I love about books . And this series is beyond fact , but it inspires my creative senses and imagination.Gotta love a book like this . I began reading this series YEARS ago . . when I was in middle school . I read the first two , and havne ' t had funds/memory to pick up the rest.Wow . I definitely recommend this series .
 Why did I read this book , you may ask ? I shall tell you.My school has this thing so that if you want to be in honors classes , you have to read books from a list over the summer . This book sounded vaguely more interesting than ` Yellow Raft in Blue Water ' or whatever , so I decided to get this one.It 's about a little girl named Ayla from the Others who loses her parents in an earthquake . She runs away , terrified , into the forest -LRB- well , would n't you be terrified if a huge crack opened in the earth and swallowed your whole home ? -RRB- About a week later , she collapses on the ground from being dehydrated and from an infection on her leg from a cave lion . A lady from The Clan finds her , and she gets accepted into the Clan 's tribe.The Clan is a group of primitive humans that have brains formed so that they can remember things from past generations , but have problems learning new things . Ayla , on the other hand , comes from a tribe of the Others , a group of primitive humans that ca n't remember things quite so well , but can easily adapt and learn new things.Ayla forces the Clan to change , and she is influenced by them . She even has a baby from one of the men in the clan ... I would give this a PG-13 rating because it describes in detail how exactly Ayla was ... blessed ... with her child .
 I love this book in the `` Clan '' Series . The characters are fresh and exciting , the story is new and bold , the details are fascinating and exquisite . To read how the people of prehistoric time could have lived and communicated was a great treat . The girl Ayla adapts and grows to live among the Clan people , but never really gives up her inner self which is freed to develop in the later books . This particular book is excellent as a stand-alone story and should be enjoyed by itself , since the rest of the series leaves much to be desired .
 The Clan Of The Cave Bears is a story of a young girls journey from a homeless child to a young woman raised by a people different then those biologically related to her . Ayla was five when her people were killed in a devastating earthquake . After wandering alone for weeks she is found unconscious by a medicine woman of a homeless Clan . The leader of this Clan sees her as a pet project for his sister Iza , the medicine woman , and believes she would die even with her help . After being nursed back to help she is raised in the ways of the Clan by Iza and her brother , Creb . After a series of events leads the leader 's son to an intense hatred of her , Ayla 's life takes a different turn than she imagined . She struggles to cope with her differences between her and the people she loves and for acceptance of the Clan . The book takes you through age five to her early teenage years . Jean M. Auel never fails to show the changes in Ayla 's personality and thoughts and she becomes a woman . The people of the Clan change as well
 This is one of the few books that I 've read * many * times . It 's one of my favorite books . It tells the story of Ayla , that , due to an earthquake in her childhood , is adopted by a group of people that are both like and unlike her . In order to fit in to her new society , she must go against her own instict . She learns to hunt , though it 's forbiddin , and she learns to heal . . because her family thinks that this is the only way she will have any value in the patriarchal society . She is raped at a young age , and bears a child , which she nearly loses.Many people are critical , because Ayla is TOO perfect , and discovers too much . Well ... so what ? It 's fiction . She is n't perfect in every way , and she is full of self doubt , and frequently makes poor decisions in her life.Ayla is a strong character , and Jean Auel is a great writer , and the imagery in her books is fantastic . They are well researched and enjoyable . I loved it !
 The main reason I was interested in reading Mrs. Auel 's Earth 's Children series was the unusual setting . There are very few fiction books that deal with the beginning of men as a species.Auel 's work must be praised because she was able to picture a very vivid Neanderthalian clan ; most of what we know today about neanderthals is speculation based on anthropological findings , since they lived in pre-historical times . Auel 's researched is very complete and extense , and it shows in her book . Characters , situations , huntings , clan-dealings , everything is easy to imagine and follow as we read , because tha author 's style of writing is smooth and visually powerful . This story is , obviously , just another speculation , but a very interesting one.The main character is Ayla . She 's not a Neanderthal ; she comes from the Others , a different sub-species , more advanced physically and mentally . Ayla lost her parents in an earthquake when she was very small , and was found and rescued by the neanderthalian clan . There , in spite of her differences , she struggles to be accepted and respected as a member of the clan.Auel 's book is good because the characters are deeply developed , not only Ayla , but most of the clan people as well . There 's a little difficulty for the reader to get acquainted with the unusual names and the function of each clan member , but once past that the reading is great . There 's not much action in the story , but it never drags on . The main feature is , no doubt , the relationship between Ayla and the rest of the clan.I hope the other books in the series keep the good writing.Grade 8.8 / 10
 Clan of the cave bear is about a Cro-Magnon girl named Ayla . She is orphaned during an earthquake as a child . When she is attacked by a lion she is found nearly dead by a clan of Neanderthals . She is nursed back to health and is adopted by the clans medicine woman.Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- as well as the future books in the series -RRB- is thoroughly researched -RRB- . The story is based on actual archealogical findings . The character Creb is a medicine man who has severe physical deformities . An actual neanderthal skeleton was discovered that apears to have the same deformaties that Creb has . The story is fictionalized but it is amazing how they cancreate a culture based on a few artifacts . Since there is no written record , `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' is as close to an actual ethnography of early modern humans as you can get .
 The first book of the Earth 's Children series I read was `` Shelters of Stone '' , found on the bestsellers rack at a Wal-Mart in Wichita , Kansas , where my mother and I were visit relatives at the time . It look interesting , so I picked it up , took it back to the Best Western we were staying at . In the three days that followed , I finished all 700-something pages of the book , craving for me . When we returned home , I got `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' from the local library . It took me one and a half days to read the cinderclock sized novel . I was hooked . Since then I have re-read the entire series , but `` Clan '' remains my favorite . Ms. Auel has done a fantastic job of protray her Cro-Magnon character Ayla , who is adopted into the Clan , a group of Neanderthals , an ancient race who fears and avoids the newcomers with their ingenious thinking power . Ayla is one of the `` Others '' , the Cro-Magnon peoples who would evolve quickly into humans as we know them today . Robbed of her home and family in a violent earthquake , the child Ayla wanders aimlessly around the terrain of ancient Europe . Finally she passes out in fatigue after being attacked by a cave lion , the animal that would later become her totem . The Clan was robbed of their home and families as well in the same quake , and are now searching for a new cave . The Clan happens upon injured Ayla , and would have left her lying there if it had n't been for Iza , the medicine woman of the Clan . She rescues the girl of the Others and nurses her back to health . Soon she is accepted into the Clan , and into Mog-ur 's fire . Creb , the Mog-ur , finds himself bonding to this strange girl . However , she has much to learn about the Clan before she is truly accepted , and she has found an enemy in the form of a young man , Broud , the son of the leader 's mate . Broud 's hatred of Ayla results in the thing that Ayla will come to love most , but she ca n't do anything that may cause it to be taken from her ...
 If you 're looking for a story that has beauty and depth , excitement and emotion , as well as the strength of character that so many books lack , than this one is for you . Free of the commen stereotypes that plague so large of percentage of modern literature , this book has everything going for it . The writing is excellent , the characters believable , and the plot exciting . The story centers around five year old Ayla , a human being , who , after losing her family to a natural disaster , is reluctantly taken in by the Neanderthal Clan , and slowly nursed back to health . As Ayla grows older , many members of the Clan are increasingly disturbed by her strange tendancies and quirks , which rise to the surface no matter how hard she tries to be a proper clan female , and the question is ; can Ayla conform to her new suroundings , and , more importantly , does she want to ? This is an excellent book that will make you laugh , cry , and , for a short time , feel as if you too live in prehistoric Europe . This book has some disturbing subject matter , including a violent and graphic rape scene , so I have to say I would n't recomend this book or it 's sequels to anyone younger than sixteen or seventeen .
 Now I 'm that kind of a person who usually goes against the stream and rates a 5-star rated book with 1 star . But despite this fact , I 'm rating this book 4 stars , which happens very rarely -LRB- unless you 're talking about Tolkien , of course -RRB- . The book has some small problems . Auel does burden the reader with lots and lots of unuseful -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- information . Sometimes , her narrative stops and gives way to a 4 page lecture on different plants and stuff . Sometimes Auel gets too carried away and her plot gets a little strange . So in order to read this book and enjoy it , you have to know how to skim through books . When you see a plant lecture coming , just skip it and go on . If you take these lectures out , you will get a very gripping book.I must admit that the author had the needed effect on me . When I 'm supposed to be nervous , I was nervous , and when something interesting and important was going on , I just could n't tear myself off the book.Most of these low-star ratings are from people who ca n't skim through boring material . Believe me , I could n't do it before , and that 's why I hate so many books which do n't deserve it . Try reading it at least , if you get through the first 100 pages and you still do n't like , then do n't try going further - it wo n't help .
 Auel deserves all the hype that goes to JK Rowlings . A test of a good writer is the ability to sustain the quality of the writing across a series and the richness and reality of the world in the story . Auel does this in the latest novel . My only disappointment was that the series ended with the latest release . I 'm only doing Amazon reviews on great stories and skilful writers .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Few writers ever do as much homework as Jean Auel did to produce this book and its sequels . The story of a homo sapiens five-year-old girl 's wandering alone in the wilderness after an earthquake killed her family , rescued by a Neandertal band based on real archaeological discoveries , and raised by them , with problems with one bully who ultimately drives her away from the clan and from her son , is famous world-wide and really needs no further reviews , but how could I not review this book ? My husband asked me once why all the intelligent women he knows -- and he finds women very boring unless their IQ is over 130 -- love Ayla . I answered , `` She 's our mother . `` He then read it for himself and figured out what I mean.My brother , who is one of the most brilliant oilpatch engineers of this century , keeps her books in his office rather than in the family library , but he loves them more than his wife does.Highly recommended for anybody old enough to read it . As my father once told the librarians when I was in junior high , `` This is my daughter . She MAY read anything she CAN read . '' Everybody 's daughter , and preferably everybody 's son , ought to read at least Clan of the Cave Bear , whether they go on to read the rest of the series or not .
 This review is for the entire Earth 's Children series . I purchased the set from Pristine Books through Amazon.com . Overall I was very impressed with this seller , and would certainly order from Marguerite again . I received the order quickly , and all five books were carefully packed . Upon arrival I was very happy with the last three books of the series - they were first editions and in excellent condition . I was initially disappointed with The Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- it was a 2001 rather than 1980 printing -RRB- and The Valley of Horses -LRB- it was a 1982 printing as hoped but the maps on the inside of the cover were discolored -RRB- . I emailed the seller through Amazon and Marguerite responded promptly to my concerns . She went out of her way to replace both books , and I am now very happy with them -LRB- both are early prints in very good condition -RRB- . Marguerite shipped the replacements at no additional cost and paid for the return shipping of the original books . The first two books of this series are apparently more challenging to find , so if an early print or first edition is imperative to you I would recommend you contact the seller prior to placing your order . If Marguerite does not have them in stock I 'm sure she will do her best to find them for you . As for the books themselves , the series is wonderful !
 I reread this book recently after having read it for the first time 15 years ago and I enjoyed it again . The setting is somewhere in Eastern Europe about 35,000 years ago . The premise is that 2 divergent human species occupy Europe at that time . After a horrible earthquake , the medicine woman of the Clan of the Cave Bear finds an orphaned and injured young girl of the ` Other ' type of humans . Ayla is cared for and loved by the aged and scarred priest Creb and his medicine woman sister Iza who act as her parents . But she looks different and her way of thinking is different than the ways of her adoptive people , -LRB- presumably Neanderthals , while she herself is Cro-Magnon ? -RRB- and she struggles for acceptance.The story covers approximately 9 years of Ayla 's life from the age of 5 until the age of 14 . Although we are lead to believe that she was born to people that are taller , more agile and more innovative than the Clan people , Ayla is the only person of her kind that we encounter in this story . The traits of Ayla 's people are determined based on her fragmented memories and her own emerging talents as she grows . The Clan people are stockier and stronger than Ayla and communicate mostly with sign language while Ayla recalls communicating verbally.The Clan people rely heavily on inherited memory and have clearly defined gender roles , which Ayla continually grapples with . She can not restrain her curiosity and she is constantly challenging the rules with her aberrant behavior . Ayla wants to learn to hunt with a sling , but it is forbidden . She learns the art of healing from her new mother , but because she is not a birth daughter , the members of the clan have reservations . She has a grasp of mathematics and the gift of sight that would make her a good priestess , but that path is not open to women.We have all felt out of place and therefore everyone can identify somewhat with Ayla . I liked Ayla 's spirit and the way she excels at everything she sets her mind to . I particularly loved the herb lore and descriptions of tribal living in the cave . I like learning how the clan hunted , clothed themselves and managed to live through winters . The religious ceremonies were nicely drawn and the funeral descriptions give a sense of the spirituality of our evolutionary forefathers . A warning to readers that there is some sexual violence in this novel.Recommended .
 it is the 2nd book i read from this series -LRB- i read the 5th book first -RRB- . . it is certainly the best book of the series and i am rather disappointed by the quality of the other 4 books after i read this , it talks about the life of ayla in the clan -LRB- considered animals by people -RRB- , her unusualness , and her life there , and it does not have the scenary description like in her other 4 books , a truly must read .
 I 've re-read this book yet once again . And it was just as good this time around as it was the first . Great interaction between characters and moving story . Thanks for the great read .
 This is one of the most different books of a series that I have ever read before and I truly LOVED it ! Clan of the Cave Bear is action-packed , and very engrossing all the way through from beginning to end.The story centers around the little girl , Ayla , who loses her family in an earthquake and is left alone all by herself at 5 years old trying to survive . She becomes ill and survival becomes almost impossible . Finally , she sees a cave , and sees acave lion . She gets away , but then passes out unconscious.The Clan is hunting and they see her . Yet , most of them do n't want to help her because she is not one of `` THEM , '' she is born to the `` OTHERS . '' However , Iza , a member of the clan has a heart and takes her with them , whether the other members like it or not . She helps Ayla to get back on her feet , but they wonder where she comes from.The Clan about has to take her in , against many of their wishes with the exception of Iza , who has always loved her . The Clan adopted her a ways into the story , but not without hatred by some . Especially Broud.Ayla learns Clan ways of living . Women are subserbviant to men , ALWAYS . Yet Ayla at times rebels and gets many punishments along the way . Broud , is the one who most of all , HATES Ayla with a passion and is always making constant trouble for her.Ayla does learn many skills along the way in this first book of the series so that she can survive on her own . do n't wish to tell too much here in the review though , as to ruin the story for some of you who are looking to read the book . As you read along you will see how the whole story ties in together with the basic facts I mentioned above .
 I loved this book from the very beginning all the way to the very end . I laughed and cried and got mad and then recovered and then did the emotions all over again.A good read is a book that allows the reader to learn -LRB- as I definitely did about prehistoric times and about botany -RRB- and also to love the characters like Creb , Iza , and of course the main character Alya . To also get mad when things are n't going for the character 's we love and to cry when they go so wrong that we feel for it too our hearts.This is the best book I have read and I am serious . I am already on page 200 of the next book to read after this one . `` The Valley of the Horses '' . I love it also and ca n't wait to see what is going to happen next ! What a wonderful series ! See ya on this review board on the current book when I am finished ! : -RRB-
 The mysteries of the first book in The Earth 's Children series are a magnificient way to keep the readers coming . It lives up to it 's cover , it 's reviews , and its promise . I highly reccommend it . I hope the final book is as good as the first . I no longer trust Jean , after The Shelters of Stone , but I still have hopes of the final installment .
 I read all of the four books in this series . They were so good , I could n't stop . I can really relate to the struggles of the characters . They are all so real . I know this summer I will read them again . You should do the same .
 In this book , you travel back in time to a world without the knowledge we have today . In some cases it was better back then . The world was fresh , unspoiled , and there were a group of people that called themselves : The Clan Of The Cave Bear . Ayla , the beautiful heroine , is left orphened in a strange world after her `` tribe '' gets killed by a natural disaster . As Ayla grows , she strugles to learn the ancient ways of the clan . She then has a son . When there is a new leader , he banishes her . To find out more details read the book ! Even though I started the series when I was in the sixth grade , last year , I love this series , and have already finished it . I 'm dying to read the next one .
 I think this book is very well writen . I have read every book in the series and this is my favorite . You find yourself caring about Ayla and her adopted family . I would like to read a book about what has happened to the Clan since Ayla 's departure .
 I have read all 4 books in this series and I ca n't get enough . Jean Auel is a literary genius . I am an herbalist so all the medicine woman information keeps me in its grip with extreme facination . Im dying to read the fifth book . Ayla , your my hero ! Lanita
 The Clan of the Cave Bear , along with the rest of this series by Jean M. Auel have been an incredible adventure ... full of history , strength , and information . Ayla is prime example of heroism in any age . I am just wondering when the next novel in the Earth 's Childrens series will be out
 IT 'S GRIPPING , KEEPS YOU GLUED TO THE BOOK AND I SINCERELY PRAY THE SAGA CONTINUES !!!!
 My book is called The Clan of the Cave Bear . The author of this book is Jean M. Auel . I would say that this book is fabulous . Also from a one to ten rating , I 'd have to say that this book , at least deserves a top ten . The whole story takes place in the time of the cave men and cave women , which really amazes me . It sounds so amazingly beautiful where they live . It is so much nicer to read a book like this one because it lets you imagine their world and what it was like back then instead of reading a book which leads you to thinking all about the cities and all of the bad things in this world . Therefore , this book takes me away , and I think that 's one of the neat things books can do for you.The whole story is about a young girl named Ayla and all of the things she goes through and experiences after the loss of her parents . After a while of barely surviving , another clan comes across Ayla and finally decides to rescue her . Ayla is about seven at the time . Ayla is from a clan with very different ways as opposed to this one and she speaks their language . As Ayla continues to grow into a woman she finds herself very different from the other women in their clan . She is very strong and skilled . She loves to do things that only the men are allowed to do , like hunting . She 's even better than the other men are . At first , she is beaten for even talking about these things.I really enjoyed reading this book . I think that this is a book that everyone should read because it teaches you so much . It is a very interesting book . In some ways , it lets you experience things you might have never experienced , just by reading this book . Even though it 's about things so long ago , it still seams so realistic . Whether you 're interested in it because it takes place so long ago and it has to do with the cave men and cave women , or for the survival in it , or then the spiritual and down to earth ways about it , whatever the reason , it 's well worth it .
 they are really splended ! i just hope that jean m auel can write the follow up to the last one ...
 Ayla is an unusual heroine . We meet her at the age of five when a natural upheaval separates her from her family . The reader is treated to a new world of experience as Ayla adjusts to her new adoptive family . An engrossing read which will have you reaching for the next volume until they are all read and then you will wait impatientlly with the rest of us for Ms. Auel to finish the next entry .
 Ms. Auel has done a hell of a lot of research to write a series of books as this . Although set in story form , if you disect this book you see the tragedy in the struggle to survive just day by day . Ms. Auel is OK in my book .
 I got VALLEY OF THE HORSES -LRB- book 2 -RRB- by accident from a book club -LRB- I did n't say no on the card -RRB- and started reading it . I got hooked , kept it and ordered the first book -LRB- CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR -RRB- and now I regularly check the new release section for the next installment -LRB- say , is n't it about time for the next one -RRB- ! I rate this series right up there with Tolkien -LRB- LORD OF THE RINGS -RRB- and Herbert -LRB- DUNE -RRB- for creating a wonderful world of fantasy , except this one could be true ! Jean Auel has all the detail and research of Michener , but reads much easier . A first rate author with the kind of flare , phrase and narrative that Erica Jong displayed in THE FEAR OF FLYING . You feel like you are there and living the adventure with her .
 This book is really one of the best I 've ever read , not so much because of the story line but also because it is so well researched and offers an interesting , if not new , idea on where we all came from , nothing really matches this book as far as how faithful it is to history and it -LRB- and it 's sequels -RRB- really provide a lot of fun for a long time to come due to 2 more books still on the way from the author .
 I read this book in the seventh grade . I somehow managed to ... skip over parts , so when I read it again , I got a whole new storyline . I have managed to read it at least once a month , and I rant about it incessantly . Just ask my friends .
 To write a book set entirely tens of thousands of years ago and not make it a bunch of flaky porn full of scantily clad cavefolk is a feat in itself and it is one that Jean Auel accomplishes with style . Truthfully , you could juxtapose this story into almost any time period and it would speak just as clearly of a person 's struggle for individualism in a narrow society . Auel is incredibly imaginative in her descriptions of the Clan 's customs , communication , and other folkways , as is her creation of characters with names such as Creb , Iza , Brun and Broud . At the same time , she writes with such intelligent awareness of anthropological fact , taking digs at places like Shanidar Cave and creating colorful human lives from bones .
 I read this , the first in the Earth Children Series , and was immediately hooked ! These books are written with such attention to detail , and are so obviously well-researched that you really get a good visual and feel for what the early human experience may have been like . -LRB- Some items are obviously not plausible , but they are few and far between . -RRB- Yet , even with the full attention to detail , and somewhat lengthy descriptions of the surroundings , the books are easy to read and enjoy . They are a true pleasure and my only complaint is that I am still waiting for the sequel six years after having read the series !
 I read this book for the first time while in college . It was purely for entertainment purposes , but it brought out a sense of who I am as a young woman . I mean , before this book I had many personal feelings of inadequacy , but as soon as I read this book , I felt a bigger sense of self . I STRONGLY recommend this book to other young women trying to find an identity .
 I just read all four books in the series again , and I think they are exceptionally well written . I urge everyone to read them . One small word of warning . Leave a couple of weeks in between books . I say this because , as with all sequels , there is always some inevitable repetition of some key facts . This gets to be a bit boring by the third book , and downright annoying in the fourth . So give yourself some time , you 'll enjoy them much more .
 I read Clan of Cave Bear in 1984 . I was forever changed , I have come to relize this more over the years . I of course have read the series with the anticipation of all Jean Auel followers do . I have waited years Jean . Is there going to be a sequel ?? Where are you ? Where is Ayla ? Are there future books from you ? Devoted fans want to know .
 I have read this book so many years ago , and after reading the other reviews , I can still remember , like it was yesterday , everything about the books ! I have to get them out again and read them . Thanks for bringing back the great memories of Ayla !
 This is the first novel I ever read way back in middle school . Yes , it was a little mature for me , but i fell in love with the story , no , legacy of Ayla . I 'm in college now and the entire series is still simply sensational to me ! Her strength , determination , and modesty is an example for us all . Whenever I have the urge to read something and have no new novels , I return to this or one of the other novels in this series . It keeps my memory fresh for when the fifth comes out . And by the way ... I 've been very patient for the fifth < moreso than anything else I can remember > And would be so very delighted to see its release .
 This is a story of total humanity . The characters are real and captivating . I LOVE THIS BOOK !!!!!!!! If anyone asks me for books to read , I would definately reccomend this book . Clan of the Cave Bear also tought me to be who I am . Dare to be different . This was a great book !
 This book is AWESOME !!! This little girl gets homeless and parentless by a huge earthquake.Then she gets attacked by a mountain lion !! Cold , hungry , and hurt she is found by a group of hunters and gathers who call themselves The Clan . They take her in and call her Ayla . The medicine woman called Iza took her in as her own.When Ayla starts getting more mature , she starts to do man stuff , which is forbidding.What will happen to Ayla ? To find out , you have to read the book !!!!!!!
 I must say I enjoyed this book ALOT . I have also read the sequals Valley of the Horses and The Mammoth Hunters . They are all fabulas books , They have great story lines and once you start reading it you wont be able to put it down . The only thing that I have to say that is negative towards the book is there are a few graphic sex scenes , if your planning on letting your child read these books I would advise reading through the book , beforhand and taping shut all the pages with anything `` dirty '' on them . Besides that the books are EXCELLENT . I began reading them when I believe I was 12 and I 've fallen in love with them ! I must say that I think waht `` The nagel '' said was very immature , Saying it would better to slit your wrists and fling yourselve over a clif is better than reading this book is pathetic , your entitled to your own opinion but , and I know its just a figure of speech but its a VERY poorly thought out one . I do n't Mind people not liking the book , but you dont go and say you would rather slit your wrists than reading it again its just ignorant.If your looking for some very good literature , then I would definetly suggest reading this series ! - Fiona Moodie , 14
 Like author Eric Wilson , I 'm re-reading this series . Why ? Because I miss Jean M. Auel 's characters . They inspired me to go on a journey with them in Jr. . High , after the birth of my first son in 1985 , and now . I walked through a bookstore and recognized them as ` old friends ' . Since I knew the ending , I read it this time with a clear eye on Auel 's style . The novel 's strong setting and physical descriptions are what really draws the reader in , as well as the interaction of the characters . I was just as entertained as the first time I read it , maybe more , since I now realize all the hard work that goes into writing a book.Chrissy K. McVay'author of ` Souls of the North Wind '
 The author Jean M. Auel wrote this book to take you back to the cave days . The author gives you a vision of the past through her writing . She writes in such great detail you can almost feel as if you were there with the characters . The Clan of the Cave Bear is changed with the presence of a new comer to the clan that is a female and looks totally different from the rest of the clan . Ayla is from the others and is faced to adapt to the new customs of the clan and it becomes a long tough journey for her . Ayla does things that women ca n't do and is faced with death if caught . Ayla is tall with blond hair , colored yes and is very smart . I give this book two thumbs up because it 's very well written . It 's good from beginning to the end . You will be able to vision how cave people lived during that time . It was a difficult life style and it 's so amazing how they survived . Trust me you wo n't want to put this book down because it is full of adventure . I do n't read much and I was able to read it , finish it , and enjoy it as well . Give it a try you will not be disappointed .
 This is one of the better book series out there . You grow to love the characters , and they are quite realistic . Talk about going back in time because of a book ! Jean Auel has a wonderful way of doing that for the reader . Excellent series in which I 've anxiously read every book .
 I was only ten years old when my mom urged me to read this beautiful work . It was a little overwhelming at parts , but I 've never regretted . The pure soul that Auel gives her characters is something that has been achieved by few other writers I 've read . The work and passion that she has put into this world she 's re-created is astounding . Although scientific findings have discounted many characteristics of the Clan -LRB- such as the intact hyoid bone found recently , indicating that Neandertals had full spoken language -RRB- the idea of this amazing species of hominid is compoletely engaging . And after reading this , who does n't want to suddenly be as intelligent and powerful as the amazing Ayla ? A wonderful book , which -LRB- in tandem with its follow-ups -RRB- inspired a great number of obsessions in me .
 The Clan of the Cave Bear Crown Publishers , 2002 , 468pp. , $ 29.95 Jean M. Auel ISBN
 An amazing epoch of what life may have been like prehistorically . The struggle for life . What is more important ? Instinct or adaptability ? Both have benefits and both have downfalls . But , historically and PREhistorically , mind has always won out over brawn , and speed and agility ... This fictional novel depicts the lives and the emotion and the humanity of those that came before us and the struggles they may have dealt with . Some of the antics of our heroine , Ayla , may seem too ridiculously heroic and comic book character like , BUT the author is trying to envisage evolution for her reader , making neccessary some grand gestures . The mixing of neanderthal and cro magnum species is a unique and thought provoking setting . The driving force of this epoch is the humanity and the creativity that has set apart and driven mankind through the millenia . Ironically , a must read for hard science fiction buffs ... as an understanding of where we came from ... a glimpse , a picture of what may have been , sets the stage for where we are going and what we are capable of overcoming .
 As a teen I loved this book , and it was my first read over a couple hundred pages . I 'm sure I 'd like it today too , but a few things in it are a little too simplistic and repetetive for my tastes as a adult .
 This is one of the most tandalizing books I have ever read . You are lifted into a time that is dated back into the prehistory time of man . Where a little girl , who 's family has been killed by an earthquake , has been found by a clan of Neadrathals . Who then adopt her and raise her as her own . This little girl , as she grows up , learns about survival and life and love through the new family she has found . But the book comes to a sad end for a young woman who has lived her life as an individual and never allowed someone to take who she really was away from her .
 I am currently still reading this book . I 'm having a great time reading it and I love how every scene is so perfectly described and full of details.It 's one of those books that you have to stop reading now and then , so that you can let your imagination fly and Imagine how would you survive in such conditions and time period.Simply fantastic .
 Brilliant book that I could n't put down . It 's well written and researched . The herbs Iza uses are still used nowadays . Not only is the book captivating , it is very educational as well .
 This book was absolutely brilliant !!!!! i went on to read the whole series !!! recommended to everyone over 15 and likes a good read .
 Jane Auel was an unknown beforeThe Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- Earth 's Children , Book One -RRB- . She created a series that will go down as the best-loved , most-read in all of historical fiction . The main character , Ayla , is a Cro-Magnon girl taken in by a medicine woman from the Clan -- a small band of Neandertals . The setting is tens of thousands of years in the past -- the time when modern man and neandertals shared a sparsely populated Ice Age earth.No matter how hard she tries , Ayla can not fit in with the clan . She is tall , lanky , and blond where they are short , stocky , and dark . It is refreshing how Auel never imposes modern man as superior over their close cousins . Rather , the Clan is portrayed as equally intelligent , but culturally distinct . This parallels very nicely with myriad differences in nationality , race , and religion today.In Book One , Ayla learns the traditions and complex language of the Clan from Iza , a medicine woman who ranks as first among all women . She has trouble adjusting to a fiercely hierarchal and patriarchal society . Broud , the son of the Clan 's leader , has a passionate hatred for Ayla . He forces her to do unspeakable things in an attempt to bring upon a death curse that would purify the Clan of this outsider.The sole drawback of Clan of the Cave Bear is that Auel reiterates descriptions of characters in exactly the same way -- distracting from of the narrative 's richness . This is not merely a flaw from a debut novelist . Needless repetition is a trait that permeates all six books of the Earth 's Children series.Lack of outstanding writing is more than made up for with Auel 's impressive research and storytelling ablities . Earth 's Children is a testament to the unexplored possibilities of a genre that lacks mainstream consciousness among the reading public . 4/5 stars .
 I listened to the audio of this book and the narration was decently done . For some reason I had put off reading this book for years , but I am glad that I finally read it . This book is long and the story is told in a very simplistic way yet woven in are historical facts . It is a historical fantasy book but yet had such a realistic feel to it . Jean M. Auel had me emotionally invested in Ayla and her relationship with people in the Clan . Her struggle with the bullies and despots was gripping and beautifully developed over time . My only complaint is the very closure of the book . I loved the development and the victory that Ayla accomplishes but the ending was heartbreaking and I wish it could have been done differently . I appreciate how Auel set the ending up so we would have faith that the characters would be okay , but I still was heartbroken.Despite the heartbreaking ending it was still a victory for Ayla and I was happy for her . I am glad I read this and I recommend it to people who enjoy historical fantasy or survivalist themes books .
 This is the first book in the `` earth 's children '' series -LRB- I think there are six now -RRB- It is also far and away the BEST.Great character development and interesting culturalexploration.I loved this book . . the rest of the series . . not so much
 It will be difficult to keep once step ahead of ms aurels . I never gave any thought to people of this time in our history . But from the first paragra your mind carries you away to a new adventure , which gives promise to a long and happy union .
 A wonderful book , mesmerizing , could not put it down , I have now read it four times , loved it . I . intend to read it again next year
 I read this book years ago and had an urge to re-visit it . Once again , I enjoyed the anthropological slant to the story - even though it 's conjecture based on studies . It 's interesting to think about how early societies must have formed , behaved , planted the seeds fot our modern society . I never read the rest of the series but will continue this time , although a science-minded friend of mine said that the story lines become more soap opera-y as the books progress .
 I very much enjoyed book of one this series . It gripped me and I had a hard time putting it down . This was when I was reading hardbacks and not kindle versions , so I was pinned under this book for many nights and all night long . :-RRB- While I would suggest this book to many people as it does cross genres I may not suggest the 2nd book in the series which got to much like a history book for me . I would love to see a new movie made for this one .
 This book is about very early humans -LRB- before homo sapiens -RRB- and their way of living & governing themselves . I do n't know how much of it is true , but it is very engrossing .
 I read this book a few years back but could n't resist reviewing it now that I have an Amazon account.Jean Auel is one of my favorite authors . I have all her books in hardback . The reason I am so attached to these books is that the details she interweaves into the story line really brings it to life . The descriptions of the plants and their uses , the feel of living in a cave , these are the things make Clan of the Cave Bear great . I know the author does at least a year of research before each book and it really shows.The plight of Ayla , her constant feeling of being different and insufficient , her struggle to please those she loves , this is something everyone can relate to on some level . I look forward to diving into the Painted Caves very soon !
 I read & review books on this site & if I enjoy it I give it 4 or 5 stars . However as entertaining as those books are very few have left such an impression on me as has this book . This is a thoroughly enjoyable faction book which focuses just as much on plot as it does on the period & setting which for the most part is fairly accurate . -LRB- although not perfect -RRB- I found this a joy to read as did my Dad whom I recommended this to . Life in neanderthal times does n't particularly intrigue me until I started reading this book.Very Highly Recommended .
 Although no one can truly go back in time and put themselves into the mindset of a Neanderthal , Auel comes close . I thoroughly enjoyed being swept into a world both alien and familiar -- a world of frustrating customs stacked up against the protagonist . Her rationale for the clan 's customs was amazing , and it created a pleasantly disturbing dissonance in my mind
 For some reason I downloaded this book to my Kindle even though my genre is mystery and thriller type books . At the time it was offered for free and something about the description and reviews prompted me to get it . Well downloading this book was one of the best decisions I have made.I was hooked on the first two pages of reading this book and have not stopped until briefly last night when I finished it and had to pay for and download book two of this series . I could not go on to other books in my Kindle , literally hundreds of them now , without continuing the stories in this series.The Clan of the Cave Bear was facinating to read with characters and storylines so real and well written I found myself going through all kinds of emotions along with them , especially Ayla , the main character . They came to life in this well written novel so well that I had to keep reminding myself that it was after all a novel , a work of fiction but one with well researched historical information many thousands of years ago.No matter what types of books or genres you like to read , I can pretty much guarantee you will find this book as fantastic as I have .
 An interesting premise for a story and told fairly well . A orphaned human child taken in by a clan of neanderthals who roamed the world at the same time as our ancestors . Some Interesting ideas about our pre-historical past and how we may have developed . Overall I enjoyed the story and am looking forward to the next book in the series .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . The author holds your attention , so you wonder what is going to happen next . I loved it !
 Jean Auel 's &#34; Earth 's Children &#34; series is a wonderful picture of what neanderthal and cro-magnon life in vivid detail and beautiful prose . I love all of them , but it all started with this book !
 Finished reading this last night . Amazing story !!! It was a bit difficult getting through the 1st chapter but after that , I was good to go ! Totally imaginative , riveting , touching & pretty much leaves you with a kinda obsessive focus even when you 're not reading . I loved the language ; ca n't remember the last time I read a book that taught me SO many new words !!! & the story line ? good grief ... . I totally had NO idea the book was going to be that intense ! or amazing ! It 's one of those moments where I realize & appreciate that you really can not judge a book by it 's cover/name . Some things you just MUST read ! Auel is so descriptive and thorough in her writing . I 'm so happy I came across this series ... it realllllyyy makes you THINK and pulls on all your emotions . If you 're reading this on your kindle , you will truly indulge in and love the dictionary ! Every few pages I will hover my kindle cursor over a word and get the definition . Good stuff !
 The Clan of the Cave Bear by
 Hands down , Clan of the Cave Bear was one of the best books I 've ever read , and it changed the way I write and think about the world . Jean M. Auel 's research into her subject is amazing , she actually describes ancient technology with such accuracy and detail that you could repeat the experiments yourself . Nothing is cheesed up or flowery , you feel like you could be looking through a hole in the fence that lets you peek into Ayla 's world . Some may argue that long descriptions of making medicine , cooking or other aspects of daily life are boring , but it added to the realism for me.Characters such as Creb , Ayla and Isa may have simple names , but they are in no way simple . Each is multi-layered and interesting , and it 's impossible for me to pick a favorite to read about . Even Broud , the main antagonist , has his likeable moments , and he 's one character that 's easy to love to hate.Auel manages to pull off a strong heroine without falling into the same trap so many other authors do in making their women Mary-Sues . Auel is realistic about Ayla 's hardships and shortcomings , like the fact that , compared to the Clan , she is an incredibly slow learner , very ugly and taller than most men.The world in which Ayla lives is so well fleshed out that it feels tangible . The rituals , the manner of choosing totems and the living arrangements of the Clan are interesting to read in of themselves , but the detail in which they are described paints a clear picture . Auel even describes the louse treatment the clan uses , and the ritual for marriage and mating.In all , I 'd recommend that everyone should read this book at least once in their lives . -LRB- That is , once you are old enough to get past the very blunt and graphic details that Auel portrays . -RRB-
 I have enjoyed reading this book and the entire series . It gives an educated glimpse into history . I am not a scientist and can not verify any of the things written to be true ; but anyone who has even a slight interest in prehistory , or just a good story , should look at these books . I have always been a fan of series books and these have a good continuity and satisfying endings . There is a great deal of mysticism running throughout and should be taken `` as is '' , that is , conjecture on the part of the author . The sex scenes can be embarrassing but the story supports the attitudes of the people as just another natural human condition .
 If you have someone with reading difficulties , this is a great way for them to learn how to read . By reading and listening the get to enjoy the story while listening .
 Thanks for very prompt service . Used book in excellent condition . Have read book before many times but misplaced original copy . A book I will continue to treasure .
 This story while not being for young children , is a wonderful trip into prehistoric times . It is a fiction for both sexes , as both my son and daughter loved reading and listening to the audio cd 's .
 This book is an incredible story . The characters are interesting and endlessly sympathetic . Dont believe the negative reviews . It is extremely well written , historically interesting , and anyone who believes Auel portrays the neandrothal race as simply stupid or scapegoats is not reading it thouroghly . My sister is an anthropoligist , and she says that even though there are some small leaps made , it is highly believable from a scholarly point of view . Overall it is the beginning of one of the best series I 've ever read . I cant wait for the sixth book !
 A bit difficult to start . But once I got past the first chapter I was hooked . Pre-History Fiction - never thought I 'd enjoy it , never thought I 'd read it . Jean Auel did a wonderful job with her vivid writing style ; just what I need to get through any book . Loved it !
 This book was very well done . It keep me interested every minute . It was set during early man . It was a chronicle of a young child that lost her family during an earthquake . She was a homosapin taken in by cavemen . It was filled with interesting facts related to communication , man vs woman , customs , tool making , and cavemen vs noncavemen . I could not stop listening . I was so into it I bought the follow up book . This was not a book I would have purchased . A friend recommended it . I am so glad I listened to her .
 I loved this book ! I finished it in 3 days , I just could n't put it down . The story traps you immediately , and it deals with subjects such as equality of the sexes and racism . The characters come alive in your mind , and even though some notions are a bit fantastic -LRB- like the genetic memory of the Clan -RRB- , which does n't make it very credible historically , still the story in itself is enthralling . I ca n't wait to read the next one !!!
 Who 'd a thunk it ! A riveting story about cave dwellers . You follow the life of Ayla , a cro-magnin girl , orphaned by an earthquake and saved by a group of different humans , the Neanderthals . By the end of this part of her story -LRB- there are 5 books , so far -RRB- you are drawn into her dangerous and complex world , where such a simple thing as a smile is seen as a threatening gesture and where men dominate the culture completely.Ms . Auel puts a great deal of descriptive narrative into her work and brings this foreign world to life , making it easy for the reader to picture what it must have been like to be alive in this primitive environment . Then she layers her tale with full details of the culture these people followed ; their spirituality , their tribal organization and even the celebrations and sorrows experienced by the clan . My favorite book , all time . Which is why I bought the audio version , it makes my daily commute much more enjoyable . PS . I have all 5 books on audio and actually look forward to my drive time .
 I really enjoyed the Clan of the Cave Bear because it was descriptive and interesting . The characters and settings are very realistic . This book brought out every emotion in me and I found it almost addictive . I would recommend the Clan of The Cave Bear to anyone with an open mind , who enjoys fictions stories that include factual information . This book is intended for an older audience . It may be hard for younger children to understand because of the way it is written . The Clan of the Cave Bear is at a reading level of grade 7 and up.What I really enjoyed about this book was that Jean M Auel portrayed the Cave people as being intelligent , with a structured culture , instead of the stereotypical image of Cave people portrayed in most stories . Another aspect of the book i really enjoyed is that the Clan of the Cave Bear is filled with information about the prehistoric area . The book describes detailed facts about how weapons are created , how the clan men hunt and how the clan thinks . What I did not enjoy about this book was that sometimes Jean M. Auel described the setting with too much detail . I thought that the imagery she used was sometimes too descriptive and that there could be more imagination and less facts in the setting .
 What impressed me most about this book was Ms. Auel 's ability to create believable settings in a world so different from the one we live in . She must have written volumes of backstory , because unlike many novels -LRB- even novels set in familiar times -RRB- these characters feel like they inhabit a world that existed long before the novels first word , and will continue to exist long after its last .
 ... you 're really missing out!First off , let me announce to those who are not aware that BOOK FIVE IS COMING OUT IN MAY 2002 ! ... The entire series is excellent , but you MUST ` begin at the beginning ' with COTCB . Jean Auel 's carefully detailed prehistoric world - how they hunted , worshipped , cooked , and lived - is endlessly facinating to me . The characters really come to life and this - the first book in the series - sets the tone for the next three books.I almost envy those of you who have not yet read them - you 're in for a special treat !
 Never I have read a book which brought out such strong feelings of emotion . A tale of humanity , love , hatred , jealously and conflict . Whilst reading this book I lived and breathed the lives of the earth 's children . I smiled when Ayla became accepted by the Clan , laughed at the thought of the children tugging at Brun 's beard , felt awe and love for Creb 's wisdom and compassion and cried at Iza 's last words of love to Ayla . Words fail to describe a book which I 'm sure will be remembered as a classic of our time . Better than any history lesson could ever hope to achieve this tale of humanity brought our heritage to life . Please MS Auel put your readers at rest and bring on the fifth book .
 This novel was gripping . What can I say ... I could n't put it down . And that is probably why I am sitting here at 12:30 at night wishing that I had the sequel . It has an unbelievable cast of characters ; Ayla , the orphaned Homo sapien child with spirit , pride , and the unique ability to shed tears and laugh , Iza , the Neanderthal medicine woman who begged for the clan leader to take her in , Creb , the crippled old holy magician that agreed to provide for them both , Broud the heir , a neanderthal male chauvinistic pig who is driven slightly insane -LRB- at least that is my perception -RRB- by everything that Ayla does and represents , along with a host of other , equaly intriguing memorable characters too numerous to meantion.In the society these people live in Men are entirely dominent . In an almost animalistic structure , the lowliest male is socially higher then the highest female . This might infuriate a great deal of the women who read this book , except for the fact that Auel as author manages for the deeper meaning to come across . She shows that the Neanderthals are a dying race , so set in their ways , so psychologically unable to change that the dominence is no longer a Slight . It is the Way Things Are . But Ayla , as a child of the newer species , is not totally able to come to terms with this . No matter how obedient she is , there is something about her , her pride and confidence , that shows through . And this angers our antagonist Broud to no end . Because he knows , deep down , that she is more than he is.CLAN is full of struggle and strife and all that good stuff . Will the strange child be allowed to stay ? Will Broud break her spirit ? What will happen when Iza has her child ? Will she have to leave the hearth of Creb ? And if that happens who will take Ayla?This novel spans more than a decade and I as the reader felt that it did every moment justice . If it were a meal I would be content right now . But man , I have to get my hands on the next one . This one ended with such a cliff hanger ! - Eli @
 What a marvelous book . I loved the journey this novel took me on and the prehistoric setting was so beliveable.Jean M. Auel is a wonderful story teller and it 's a colourful and wonderful world she 's given us in this novel , setting it in the ice age.It was gripping , reading about Ayla 's journey from a young child to adulthood and the trials she faces living with the Neanderthal tribe who found her.There is everything one could ask for in a novel , adventure , fun , danger , jealousy and love and romance.I especially liked the extensive research J.M.A. has done , and her detailed knowledge of plants and natural remedies used by the medicine woman and passed down to Ayla , was extremely fascinating.I have read the entire series and must say it was riveting.There are 5 books in all :1 : The Clan of the Cave Bear2 : The Valley of Horses3 : The Mammoth Hunters4 : The Plains of Passage5 : The Shelters of Stone
 This book is an excellent choice if you want three things
 I first read this book when I was around eleven years old , could n't put it down , and within four months I had read all four of them -LRB- Cave Bear , Valley of Horses , Mammoth Hunters and Plains of Passage -RRB- . All four books are beautifully written and they create a very believeable ice age world . Do n't be put off by the number of pages , all of those pages are needed and none of them are dull.While it 's true that it 's quite fanciful to think that one woman would have been the first person to do all the things that Ayla does -LRB- if you read the books , you will know what I mean -RRB- , the series is , after all , a work of fiction . I think it 's that fancifullness -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- that makes Ayla 's story so enjoyable.Clan of the Cave Bear , by itself , is a good book , but I find the next books more interesting . If you read part of Cave Bear , and think at all that you 'd like to skip to the next book , do n't . I would n't advise trying to read any of the other books without having read the previous ones . There is so much information and ... feeling , that would be lost if you did n't read the whole series , in order.So , if you 're looking for a book that can take you away to life as it was thousands and thousands of years ago with main characters you can cheer for -LRB- and a bad guy that you 'd like to see thrown off a cliff -RRB- , you will probably like this series .
 This book is part of a very moving series about what ancient history could have been like for the cro-mags as they moved in on the neanderthals -LRB- cavemen -RRB- . This book is very touching and is filled with descriptions that show evidence of her extensive research about what prehistoric Europe might have been like . It 's also a good escapist story for bored people or college students like me to read in our spare time . Actually I 'd recommend this to anybody whos willing to take the time to read it .
 I saw the movie and was not interested in reading the book . My sister gave it to me and promised it was a good book and that I would love it . She understated ! I could n't put it down . I immediately purchased the rest of the series . I read the entire series over the summer of 2000 and am going to read it again this year . I yearn for the fifth book , but I understand the author is very ill and I wish her well.Besides being an absorbing adventure , this story is painstakingly researched . Ms. Auel 's knowledge of healing herbs and plants is impressive . It was also interesting to learn how primitive people probably foraged for food and what kinds of things they may have eaten -LRB- water lily tubers , for example -RRB- I was thoroughly entertained and got an education at the same time . My favorite kind of read .
 I 'm sure everyone already knows the plot , so I 'll skip that . this thoroughly - researched , impossible - to - resist book is my favorite book ever - and , since I read over half an hour every day , that definitely is saying a lot . One of those books that , very so often , you feel the urge to read it over and over again until you 're sick of it -LRB- at least for now ! -RRB- I love and admire the characters , especially -LRB- of course -RRB- Ayla . The rest of the series goes just the tiniest bit downhill , but they are still some of the best books ever . Other great authors , if you have some time on your hands , are Linda Schuler , Lynn McKee , Kage Baker , Marrion Bradley , Michael Crichton , Tamora pierce ... ah , forget it . there are too many to list .
 TCotCB was fantastic . I fell in love with Ayla , and the rich descriptions of the surroundings and life . Jean M Auel did a wonderful job of researching the lives of the Cro Magnan man , and about herb lore . But , more than that , JMA weaves a beautiful and captivating story of a little girl who tries so hard to fit in ... . I laughed with her triumphs , and still cry with her tragedies everytime I read it .
 This book will truly go down as one of the most epic novels of the past 20 years . This book takes you away to another time and place and will leave you fascinated with human history , with the Neanderthals , and with the history of civilization . This book is deeply researched and fascinating . Yes , this book , as with its 3 sequels , has depictions of sex and emotions that hard-core scientific types may find unfitting in a description of prehistoric man . But Auel brings a human light to a people who for most of us , are nothing more than bones scientists dig up . I really think that this book is a must read . I read it first as a teenager when it first came out and 9 years later , I am waiting for the fifth -LRB- and final ? -RRB- installment in the series , and this book is a captivating must-read . Even now after having read it half a dozen times , it has an almost mystical quality to it , and it will transport the reader to a different world .
 What can I say ! When my boyfriend recommended this series to me -LRB- he 's read it twice -RRB- , I was indifferent . I 'd seen the film years before & it was o.k , but the book really was something else ! I could n't put it down until I 'd finished it & then I 'd run straight out to buy the next one . The characters & descriptions are so real you feel like you 're reading a history book written by someone who was there . Ayla the main character is what most women would like to be , intelligent , gutsy , & completely captivating ! Throughout the book you ca n't wait for her to grow up because you know she is going to be a woman like no other on earth . This book is
 I ca n't say enough about this book . It is about two prehistoric stages of man -LRB- one is on its way out , one is on its way in -RRB- . The lesser developed man -LRB- `` the clan '' -RRB- finds a little girl from the more modern man whose parents have been killed in an earthquake . They take her into the clan and raise her as their own.The story itself is interesting and urges you to read on . But it 's the research that 's fabulous . I learned more about prehistoric times reading this entertaining work of fiction than I did studying it in high school and college . This is an excellent example of making good use of research.I highly recommend this book to prehistoric history buffs and anyone who simply loves to read good fiction .
 My sister got me hooked on Auel 's series over 10 years ago and I 've read all 4 of the current novels at least 3 times/each . I am impatiently awaiting what I believe may be Auel 's best book ever , as Ayla returns with Jondalar to his home in what is now present day France . I look forward to seeing how Auel will again weave prehistoric facts into her beautiful fictional story . If you 're not convinced that you 'd like a story of prehistory , let me persuade you to give The Clan of the Cave Bear a try . I too was skeptical of liking this type of book , but after 3 chapters , I was hooked . Auel 's literary greatness is , I believe , her ability to make us believe wholeheartedly that what the characters did in these books not only COULD have happened , but DID happen .
 this book , and the rest of the series , came to me in a collection from a friend . i picked it up for some summer reading and read a book every several days until the end of the series . difficult to put down . i got very absorbed in the story . enjoyed the elements that were clearly related to joseph campbell 's work . really enjoyed the sex parts too ! reading about life lived that directly , that plainly , helped me to see how good i have it here in the u.s. if they did n't find food they did n't eat . i go to the suburban grocery store up the street and can choose from 13 kinds of apples -LRB- out of season ! -RRB- and reject them for the slightest blemish . one night , during the third book or so , returning home late , my headlights caught five deer in the front yard . my first thought was -- FOOD ! WE 'LL EAT ! -LRB- and i 'm not even a hunter -RRB- . the later books seemed to suffer a little . perhaps victims of success ? ... . though i 'd buy the next one in a second ! hats off to ms. auel .
 The first 6 chapters of the book may seem boring to the average reader , but the story gets more appealing to the point you ca n't put the book down , mostly around the 10th chapter . Though the character names may be confusing and hard to remember , the book does have a name and description for each character either in the front or back of the book . As the story moves through the chapters , you will find yourself more familiar with the characters and who they are . I found the detailed descriptions of how the characters lived with Mother Nature fascinating ! The reader will begin to appreciate modern life and fantasize what it must have been like living in the great outdoors . In addition , Jean Auel is not shy about detailing mating rituals and such . All her books will fascinate the history hater as they move through time , teaching the reader the ways of the people while following a love story written with great fire and passion . Steep yourself a cup of home made tea - mix some sprigs of anise , cinnamon , cloves , allspice , fruit peel grinds , and honey and kick back and read her well written visually detailed books .
 WHEN WILL # 5 COME OUT ? THERE HAS TO BE A # 5 . I WILL READ EVERY BOOK YOU WRITE IF THEY ARE LIKE THE `` AYLA '' JOURNEY .
 This book came within a week of when I ordered it . It was in good condition and I am enjoying it .
 This is my favorite book of all time.Lots of reviewers are complaining about the scientific accuracy of the novel . Hello ! The book was written in 1984 ! That was 20 years ago ! Science changes every day.Besides , watching a national geographic special on neanderthals does n't may you an expert on human evolution . So unless , you 're a physical anthropologist or a microbiologist . Please be quiet.The Earth Children 's series has impacted my life in two ways
 This book is a work of art ! As the main character in this story -LRB- Ayla -RRB- grows you feel you are with her , discovering and growing as she does . You feel the hopelessness of what her life seems to be becoming , and the strength in her as her iron will pulls her though . Her strength is remarkable and her discoveries a bit unbelievable but all worth the while . I have read this entire series , over and over again . I recommend this book to anyone who wishes to escape their reality , and try to see what life could have been like so many hundreds of years ago .
 I think my title says enough .
 Thats right , you must be prepared to spend the next month reading this book and the other 3 sequels . If you have any doubts whatsoever about reading this book , I recommend that you squash them right now.The aim of a book is to involve yourself with the characters , and this certainly happens . The enduring story of a young girl , seperated from her people , and forced to live in a society that does n't accept you , really appeals to many people . -LRB- Face it , everyone has experienced unwantedness before -RRB- . The main characters likeable , and the `` bad guys '' are hateable . The quality of writing makes the even scenery and small details interesting , for a book with a lot of archeological research . Jean M Auel creates aa new/old world that many of us never begin to think about , but this book creates a glimpse into our past . Utterley believeble and intensly realistic make `` The Clan of The Cave Bear '' is easily read for such a long book , and I guaruntee not a disapointment . Ca n't wait till the 5th installment of the series comes out .
 I have just read the Dutch translation of this book and the three next ones . They are all very good written , I could n't stop reading , and because of my busy job I unfortunately could n't read them as fast as I could , so it took me a month.Normally , I do n't like romantic books . But these are of a very different class , and I consider myself to be very cynical -LRB- hey , I even write this review -RRB- . What impresses me are not just one major point , but a lot of things . The depth of the characters , the broad description of the surroundings and the way of life , the humour , the change of pace in the storylines , the good continuity and internal consistency , the many details and still an eye for the whole story.In thick books and series of books , the details often are not consistent with the previous chapters and books . I could n't find such inconsistencies here.The stories are written in such a way , that I often felt like Ayla . I could see the people , the nature , the animals , in my imagination . It 's nice to go further than the books go , like imagining what happened to any survivors of the earthquake , or how Durc is developing into manhood , or how Broud might be dethroned as leader of the clan.The only minor point I can think of is the description of the sexual intercourse , which happens a lot over the four books . Some older women I know personally made me clear that it is very special to have it described as this in good books as these.It is indeed quite emancipatory for women , to read about a girl that dares to do things that are not commonly accepted . When she grows up , she becomes a self-aware woman , almost a hero like Odysseus , inventive , brave , strong , beautiful , smart and with a pleasant character . Who would n't like to be like her?The four books also give me a good feeling about the era in which the stories happen . It almost makes me understand the human race better , it almost makes me a bit less cynical -LRB- how is it possible that the human race survived after all the things it went through , after all the atrocities and stupidities ... -RRB- . All in all , I think Jean Auel wrote four fantastic books and I ca n't wait for her to finish the fifth . And now I know there is a movie about Ayla , I want to see that as well .
 In preparation for the final book in the series coming out , I decided I would reread the books of the series again . I 've read them many times and they continue to be one of my favorite collections of books that I 've read . Of course its not the most perfect series ever written , but I find it so entertaining that I am able to forgive a lot of its problems.Ayla is a young girl who has been left alone in the world after a horrible earthquake steals her family for her . She sets off alone at the tender age of five and after being attacked by a cave lion and collapsing , she is found by a tribe of Neanderthals who are searching for a new cave after their previous one collapsed in the earthquake . At first they aim to leave her behind , but the clan 's medicine woman Iza finds some tenderness for the child and begs to bring her with them . Brun the clan leader decides that she may but feels -LRB- and will continue later -RRB- like he does n't know if he has made the right choice or not . Since Ayla is of the `` Others '' she does n't have concept of the Clan 's language -LRB- which is mostly done through sign -RRB- and with Creb 's -LRB- the clan 's Mog-ur spiritual leader -RRB- help , Iza teaches her not on the language but how to be a proper clan woman as well . Ayla grows quickly and learns at the same pace and Iza decides that she will be a medicine woman as well and begins to teach her the art . In secret though , Ayla begins learning another skill that could put her in danger with the clan . She learns to hunt with a sling . Such things are forbidden to woman and clan woman would never think to hunt , nor to disobey or do anything that is n't of a domestic art , but Ayla is different and can not abide by such restrictions . Her secret skills are not the only danger to her however ; Broud , the proud son of Brun hates Ayla with a passion and will stop at nothing to make her miserable because of his jealousy . Between him and several other trying instances while she lives with the Clan , Ayla has yet to discover if she is truly in her proper place in the world.The characters in this series are developed really well and every one is important to the story . They all evoke some emotion as well . For example , I ca n't stand Broud , respect Brun , have affection for Creb and feel that Iza is a motherly figure . Ayla , is a good mix of character and has actions and emotions that are both good and bad and keep her seeming real -LRB- this will change in other books of the series but for this one , is done well -RRB- . The writing is very descriptive but does n't slow the story down . There is some violence and rape scenes and if this bothers you , you should probably not read this book . I 'm sure there are discrepancies with some historical , botanical , etc. facts within this book , but as I do n't know much about any of those subjects , it did n't make a difference in the enjoyment of the book for me.Overall I highly recommend the series and even the worse of the books is still entertaining . This edition , Clan of the Cave Bear , especially is one of the better books of the series and a good read even if you do n't plan on reading the rest.Clan of the Cave BearCopyright 1980468 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2011
 I loved this book . It took me over a month to read because I was so engrossed in every single word . I loved the story , I loved the characters and I definitely love that it 's a series . I ca n't wait to see the movie even though I have heard it is not so spectacular . It was nearly perfect but it took me a long time to begin to comprehend who the names were referring to , which was slightly distracting .
 I grew up reading this book and the others . My paperback finally fell apart and I am trying to get them all in hard back . I have read a LOT of books and even after all the years , this is still one of my favorites . You can connect with this story in so many ways which says so much about the author 's writing capabilities considering the time this story is set in . There are so many instances in these novels where you read something and just have to sit back and go `` wow '' , and sometimes read it again . The author has such a way about explaining some of the things that we just take for granted in a way that will captivate you and leave you hungry for more !
 This book was delivered on time and in the condition advertised . I would purchase a used book again from this source .
 I really like the audio books because it helps me understand the way the that the book was suppost to sound and understand how the words are suppost to be read aloud .
 I have never in my life read a book that has taken me away like these have . I will read these books for the rest of my life , and it will still carry me away each time . I ca n't wait for the fifth book to come out . I believe every young teenage girl should read these books . I wish I had read it when I was a teenager . It might have changed my understanding of what love could be . I also connected in a spiritual sense .
 This is the one of the best book 's I have ever read !!! Jean M. Auel is truly a gifted Writer . Simply a FABU BOOK !!!
 I absolutely adored this novel . I first read it when I was in sixth grade and have since re-read it many times over . I felt for every single one of the characters -- even those who were less than desirable . No one character was truly evil nor was any one character truly good . Each developed and matured realistically as to their own personal phyche . By the time I turned the last page page I felt as if these characters had really lived and breathed . I must also say that the ending haunted me longer than any other book I have read . The same can not be said for the next couple of books . The second started off pretty well but then degraded itself by becoming nothing more than a romance novel . The other two quickly followed suite . Other than using them as a sex manual , I can see little value in them . I still care for Ayla and the Clan to want to know what happens next but I will probably wait until the paperback issues of her next two novels .
 I enjoyed this book a lot . It was difficult for me to put it down at times . The end of the book leaves you captivated . It makes you want to start the next book in the series as soon as possible .
 This is one of the most brilliant books I have ever read !! I have read all four books millions of times now , but have a special request for the author - Can we please have the next two books in the series , soon , PLEASE ????? I do n't think I can bear the suspense much longer !
 I , like many others , approached these novels for various reasons . I had read `` Neanderthal '' , `` Almost Adam '' , etc. and a friend suggested that I might find Auel a nice progression in the theme of Pre-Historic life . What she did not tell me was how sensitively written the series was and how visually exciting the words were in the mind . I could not put them down and , in fact , became a bit like Ayla , my bedroom akin to her cave , her isolation a parallel to my own not seeing anyone or doing anything except finishing all four books in a single bound of a few weeks ! They are perfect beach reading , perfect down-time reading -LRB- but make sure you have plenty of time to savor each word and to gleen as many of the bits of historical and botanical information that you can . -RRB-
 This has been one of the best searies of books i have ever read . As your reading you can picture everything from the land scape to the excact picture of what the charecters look like . I cant wait untill the nexted one comes out . I hope she never stops . other books on this subject are not as good , i tried others
 I have read , re-read , passed the set of all four books of Earth 's Children to friends , bought the set of cassettes and listened to them several times while driving and doing housework . I am so very anxious to get the next book that I can hardly stand it and have checked the bookstores repeatedly over the past few years hoping I would find the fifth book . I hope the series continues for many , many more books . This series , as you can tell , is my favorite and now , when the seasons change , I picture what it must have been like living in caves etc. . Did I mention that I loved this series .
 Jean Auel is a wonderful writer ! Her books magiacally come alive . Impossible to put down once it has been started ! The best book I have read in my lifetime !
 I ENJOY ALL THR FOUR AND I AM WAITING FOR THE NEXT , BUT PLEASE CHECK THE NASTY TRANSLATION IN TO THE SPANISH EDITION IS A TERRIBLE WAY TO DESTROY THE AUTOR 'S FEELINGS -LRB- THERE IS A FEW WORDS THAT ONLY THE TRASLATOR CAN UNDERSTAND I MEAN ORDINARY WORDS BUT ANY WAY KEEP DOING A GOOD WRITTING
 I 'm 11 years old . This year I read the whole Earth 's Children series . Ayla seems to have a life of her own . So does Jondalar . It did not take me long to get interested in the stories . I would not have put the books down if I did not have to eat , sleep , and go to school . I recommend this series of books to other people .
 Where is the fifth book ? These books are so great , I have read them over and over . Where is the fifth book ?
 this book is one of the most enertaining , breath-taking , and intruiging books I have ever read . Once you start to read this book you will not want to put it down .
 Does anyone know when the next book will be coming ? I keep searching for it . I am so anxious to read it since finishing the series , but there never seems to be any info on when it should be ready . The day I find it though , I 'll buy it !
 I was hooked from the first page !! This is the best book ever written ! If you have read this book , read the others , they keep getting better !! When is the next book coming out ?
 I first read Clan of the Cave Bear when I was prompted by my mom.I thought `` another one of your lousy stories '' I read the first page and I was enthralled !! I simply could not take my eyes off the page !! I am a 12-year-old living in Kars , Ontario , and I reccommend this book to EVERYONE !!!!!!! Nobody writes like Jean M. Not ever.This book made me laugh , as well as cry . I have read all of her books , and am eagerly awaiting her 5th book.I love this book ! I would give it 10000000 stars , if possible . If anyone dares to insult her work in my presence ...
 I was incredibly bored one day , and went snooping around the basement looking for a new book to read . When I found my mom 's old tattered copy of Clan of the Cave Bears , I did n't expect much . Oh my goodness , though , Auel is a virtuoso . I can not wait for the next one !
 Jean not only manages to capture life in prehistoric ages , but also captures the readers mind and heart .
 It 's just fantastic , an adventure full of emotions and wonderful landscapes . These series have given to humanity a great gift . Thanks a lot Ms. Auel . I hope you will continue the Ayla 's story . I 've been waiting for years to continue the story , I 'm sure you have too much to write . When the next book will be coming out ? . Every time I go to a bookstore I look for the next one .
 i live in australia and think the earths childrens books are great please hurry up and bring out a new book in the series I cant wait to see if Jondalar 's family accepts Ayla and what lies ahead for them and also does Ayla ever see the clan again ?
 I 've read the 4 books by Jean M. Auel -LRB- twice -RRB- . I 'm sure the story has not ended yet . I can not sleep because I want to know what happens next . Please Mrs. Auel could you finish the other books as you entended to do ? A suggestion
 This novel was a first in a number of respects . It was Jean 's first book , also the first in a great series of four books and lastly the first of its class in the now popular prehistory genre . The four novels in the series are `` Clan of the cave bear '' , `` Valley of the Horses '' , `` The Mammoth Hunters '' and `` The Plains of Passage '' . Set in the transitional time between Neanderthal and Cromagnon , we are told a tale like Kipling 's , `` Jungle Book '' . Only Mowgly is a little girl named Ayla and she is raised by Neanderthals rather than wolves . But this is no children 's story.Ayla is an outcast in her adopted tribe and struggles against ostracism and physical assaults . Any thing she can do better than her tribe is frowned on as not appropriate and she struggles to do the things that the rest of them take for granted . Some of these include the obvious displays of great strength but also the clever supposition on the authors part , that Neanderthals memories are passed down through the generations by inherited genetic traits . How can little Ayla ever achieve that.It all comes to a head in the first novel when Ayla has a malformed baby . Not malformed in fact , just a half cast . I wont go into any more detail . Suffice to say that I was hanging out for each new novel in the series and then gobbled each in virtually a single sitting when they arrived .
 I had the misfortune to read the other three books of the series before reading clan of the cave bear but that did not detract from the joy of reading this book.Ayla 's story is just that , although the author has written about our ancestors one should not take it as a trueism.Ayla 's constant fight for survival and her success inspite of Broud 's dislike for her , simply because she is diffrent from him helps push the story along.Their battle of their will continues even after her brutily beats and rapes her.Her decision to leave the clan inserch of her own is out of selfpreservation , leaving her son is hard but so necessary.The book is highly intresting and this authors eye for detail is truly awsom.Keep on Mz Auel.There is a rumor that there is another book in the works.Hurry PLEASE .
 when oh when will jean auel write the next book , we asnxiously await the final chapter
 This was an excellent book , probably my favorite of the first four . I read it when I was 11 years old , and have re-read it so many times the book is practically destroyed . However , this book , while I as a 6th grader enjoyed it , is not for the immature child . Think carefully before you tell anyone about the series , especially your child , because it contains a few explicit scenes , which increase as the books go on . Another word of advice - if you do n't like a lot of details in a book , do n't read this , because the author details surroundings and histories frequently . However , I thought the details were fascinating . Jean Auel is a wonderful writer , and I eagerly await the fifth book .
 In The Clan of the Cave Bear , by Jean M. Auel , I was captivated by the spirit and life of the Clan . At the start of the novel , these people seem almost like savages . By the end I was in tears when Alla lost a loved one . The struggles and accomplishments Alla , the main character , experienced , seemed to be my very own . The story begins with an earthquake that tears a little girl away from the only family and home that she knows . Wandering lost in the wilderness , Alla is chosen by the great cave lion to bear his totum marks for the rest of her life . As the child lay dying of starvation and infection from the giant gashes which the huge cat tore into her leg , Alla passes out along side of a path . The Clan , a group of neandrathal cave people , is searching for a new cave at the time , stumble across Alla 's broken body . Isa , the Clan 's medicine woman , lifts the child up and decideds to raise her as her own . As the story unfolds , we see the human child , who not only looks different than the people of the clan , but by nature , acts and thinks differently , growing up and trying hard to understand how she can possibly be normal when she looks , feels , and seems so totally different than the only people she can ever remember . This is an exciting , interesting and inviting story that I would recommend to anyone . The book is not really suitable for children under age 14 , due to some topics of natural human life that can not be avoided . However , I do n't think that it would be considered offensive to anyone . I personally bought the audio book . This makes it possible to do other things while listening to the story , such as sewing , drawing , computer , etc. . IT 'S A GREAT BOOK ! BUY IT OR BORROW IT RIGHT NOW !
 The saga of Ayla is beautiful to follow . A riveting book that makes us look forward to the other series . It is full of heart and compassion
 For years , various friends have suggested I might enjoy reading THE CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR , and finally this summer I did . Auel 's tale is speculative . Recent discoveries suggest it may contain some inaccuracies -LRB- the Black Sea may not have been salty as Auel suggests -RRB- , however other findings support her ideas.Auel made good use of her knowledge of medicinal herbs -LRB- although some of plants she names are native to North America not Europe where the action takes place -RRB- . Her use of the extant knowledge of the fossil record , as well as geological and climatic information is excellent . However , her allusions to the sexual practices of traditional people appears to draw heavily on the work of Margaret Mead whose research on the sex lives of adolescent Samoans has been challenged -LRB- humans may be too jealous to have ever practiced `` free love '' -RRB- . Auel 's great gift to the reader is that she enables him to `` see '' life as it might have been lived by our ancestor -LRB- s -RRB- during the last Ice Age . Was it nasty , short and brutish as the 18th Century philosopher suggested , or was it one long sojourn in the wilderness where one could find all the food , medicine and other goods required to sustain a reasonably happy life?Imagine being able to see the vast array of stars that make up the Milky Way . There are only a few places left in the Western United States where one can see the stars without atmospheric pollution . How stupendous it must have been to sit on a hillside at night looking at the heavens when the only light came from the moon , the stars , and a campfire . Is it no wonder our ancestors worshiped the natural world?On the other hand , camping out all winter in a cave has it 's downside . Depending on your location relative to the cave entrance you might be pretty damp and cold . But you could wrap yourself in warm furs and campfires would cheer you . Not knowing when the cold would end as food supplies dwindled would be frightening . Viewing a grazing herd of Aurochs or Mastodons must have been awesome . A first hand encounter with a cave lion would be terrifying.Auel does n't mention the clan of the cave bear by name , but the reader senses they are Neanderthals , and that the `` others '' are what we call ` modern ' humans . Auel 's contrast between the traditional people who relied on memory for survival versus the new people who could think and reason and viewed the world as `` cause and effect '' is insightful and profound . But what if the world is n't really cause and effect . What if cause and effect are merely an explanatory principle converted into a religion of sorts . Those who believe in the metaphor may doomed to the Neanderthals ' destiny - extinction .
 I loved this book ... surprisingly well written . Not sure why it is in the scifi section in most bookstores . The descriptive prose is very detailed and the story is compelling .
 Loving this series . Best books ive read for a long time . All six books keep u hooked and wanting more
 A beautiful story . Could n't put it down . So well written that I felt like I was there with Ayla and the clan .
 This book provides entertainment , education based on historical research , and leads to thought about our earliest beginnings . While a work of fiction , it is based on the best research of the time . A very good read .
 This was a reread . I had the entire `` Clan '' series and de died to reread.i really enjoyed the story , though how the main character made all the most important discoveries of mankind was a little far fetched . Th.e story demonstrated the importance of communication and cultural differences . It also showed that there was discrimination , even in early man .
 I loved this book I read some time ago and missed placed the bool . So , I bought the book again for a friend .
 A 5-year old Cro-Magnon girl in prehistoric Europe is tragically orphaned by an earthquake that kills her family . She is left to wander aimlessly through an ice age harsh barren landscape without clothing or resources . She suffers terribly from starvation , exhaustion , and wounds sustained from a cave lion attack before being adopted by a Neanderthal clan when she was near death . The heroine Ayla is a survivor . She is strong and resourceful . She polishes her survival skills at a very young age and develops many positive characteristics . I was enthralled with her character and the hardships she had to endure . She is an inspirational figure and I thought about her often when writing ` Adoption Detective ' . The long wait between sequels was agonizing . Read this book and you will be hooked on the entire Jean M. Auel series.Judith Land , AuthorAdoption Detective
 Excellent Book . The whole Earth 's Children series is fantastic . Such a good read you do n't want to put it down ...
 After reading `` The Land of Painted Caves
 I first purchased this book nearly 20 years ago , and each time I re-read it I find new and fascinating things within . There is no doubt that this is a meticulously researched and crafted novel , and we all learn to identify with the waif Ayla as she struggles to survive with her new family.However I must say that even though I have read and enjoyed all the books in the series so far -LRB- one just has to know how Ayla is faring ! -RRB- , this is by far THE strongest and best . The characterisations are strong , and the trials and tribulations of the clan believable . Please do n't be put off by the success of the series , this book is a gem which can more than stand by itself .
 Do n't expect anything profound here , but this is a verydetailed and absorbing glimpse at the prehistoric world , even if allof it is pure speculation . Ayla , the protagonist , is basically your typical wonder child who realizes her destiny as a superior being after being raised by a more primitive tribe . Other characters are also fairly one-dimensional , and I cared about them only fitfully . That being said , Auel 's description of the Neanderthal culture , social order , and proto-religion is fascinating from an anthropological standpoint . I was compelled to finish the book out of simple curiosity ... and it was worth it . Long , descriptive passages are Auel 's cup of tea , and she can be eloquent sometimes . I will probably read the rest of the series at some point -- perhaps in a hotel lobby at 3 a.m. , where I read much of Clan of the Cave Bear . It 's that kind of book-difficult to justify setting actual time aside for ...
 I have difficulty putting into words just how much each of the Earth 's Children books have transformed my way of thinking . Auel 's ability to create characters who use our natural resources for the greatest good has strong appeal . Each book has spun a world of reality-based fantasy which can guide how we see the world today . The world of Ayla , the Clan , and the Others is one in which EVERYONE should enter ... and decide to stay .
 I read the series for the first time when I was in Matric . As can be believed , I was unable to put down this absolutely riveting book . I have subsequently reread the series twice , and also convinced my family and friends to read it . It is an emotionally evocative tale of a young woman full of strength , courage and an abounding love . I strongly suggest this series , and wait with impatience for the next book .
 I HAVE READ THE WHOLE SERIES OF CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR , IT IS THE BEST SERIES I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME . I THOUGHT BY THE TITLE I WOULD HATE THE BOOK . BUT MY FRIEND , LINDA GILES , TOLD ME TO JUST READ A FEW CHAPTERS AND THEN DECIDE . I DID AND I LOVED IT . I READ THE WHOLE SERIES TWICE AND CA N'T WAIT TO GET THE NEW ONE WHEN IT IS PUBLISHED . PLEASE TELL YOUR FRIENDS ABOUT IT . NOT ONLY IS IT A GREAT READ , BUT SHE DID ALOTT OF HISTORY ON THIS BOOK AND YOU WILL FIND YOUR SELF LEARNING AS YOU ENJOY .
 I read all 4 books and I thought Jean Auhl is a fantastic author . Alya overcame many obsticles throughout her life . Everything she was put through made her a better person . She was smart , beautiful , and even grasping a sense of humor in spite of her up bringing . Ahul was so clear in the message that she was portraying through Alya . Alya was a messenger who was spreading the message of equality . She would have been a great feminist .
 The Earth 's Childrend Series , especially The Clan of The Cave Bear is the most awesome tale of the struggle for survival . It is easily the best book I 've ever read , by far . I ca n't seem to put it down whenever I read it , and I 've read the series 3 or 4 times by now . I have to say Ayla is my hero . The first time I read the book , I was 12 , now ten years later I am in the middle of it once again . Auel captures your heart with the struggles , loves , and losses Ayla has to go through , throughout her life . I just wish Auel would finish the last book ; she has left us all hanging .
 I just finished the first book and ca n't wait to see where the second will take me . I ca n't imagine how much more can go on in this girls life ! I found myself taking myself back into that day and age that I beleive we all wonder about and find it hard to beleive that there was actually life before the 1800 's ! If you are having a hard time reading it , please continue . It is truely an interesting and insightfull novel .
 I would like to know what fate awaits her . Is there another tale in the waiting ?
 I first started reading Mrs. Auel 's series when I was a sixth-grader , three years ago . I am now `` addicted '' to this series . I love these books for how they portray all of the human emotions there are
 One of my best friends introduced this book to me a few years ago and I became instantly enthralled in the text . Auel forces the reader to fall in love with Ayla immediatley . This book kept me up half the night and left me thinking . Ms. Auel may not have the critical acclaim of the classics but she has the story . A wonderful book , even on the second read !
 Ayla is a true heroine . She 's definitely been through it all and kept on going and growing . She has love for the Clan that took her in , for her child , for her Jondalar ' . I ca n't wait for the new book . . I was lucky enough to discover the series when three books were out , so I could be immersed in Ayla `` s life in a short period of time . Waiting for the Plains was hard , but this new wait is downright painful . Are we SURE Jean is alive ? Never have I been affected so by a story . Captivating ... but not predictable . Hurry and write , Jean ... please .
 While reading this series it seemed to always slip into my mind throughout anytime of the day . It became so facinating that I would ponder it constantly . I am marveled at the talent Mrs.Auel has been blessed with and grateful she has shared her blessings and given us a true heroine in Ayla . This will been a series I will treasure and will love to read again and again.The time she has put into researching truely paid off.You feel as if you are right there treking along on the steppes . Reading this series has been such a wonderful experience .
 My best friend first introduced these books to me probably when I was 14 or 15 . Since then , I have not been able to put them down . I do n't know how many times that I 've read , and re-read these books . They still get me every time . The detailing and description really makes me think , and visualize what Ayla sees . I often wish that I could be her , sees what she sees , and Jondalar ! How cute is he ? I know every book almost off by heart . I know what 's coming , and how they will all end , but I still anticipate and agonize every time . I have n't bought many other books because the Earth 's Children Series always satisfies , and leaves me wanting more . I too , am anxious for the next book -LRB- s -RRB- to come out . Hurry up already !
 I read it book years ago -LRB- when it first came out -RRB- . Then my parents read it and we all thought it was great . We agreed that it was the minute details of everyday existance that the author gives us that made the book the masterpiece that it is . I have the entire series and have reread the first two several times . I have caught myself drooling over the descriptions of the simple but good foods that Ayla gathers and prepares . The plant lore in the books is amazing and fostered my interest in plants that led me to study wetland botany . In my personal opinion the later books contained too much sex and not enough substance . The first book , Clan of the Cave Bear , is a masterpiece . The second book , The Valley of the Horses , is just as good . The rest do n't live up to the standard of the first two . They are more like historical romance and are somewhat of a letdown .
 I read this book when I was 13 . I read the other 3 right after and have several times since ! I love the characters and the descriptions Auel used and the way I feel I am in the story and picture EVERYTHING as I read . They are the best books I have ever read in my life .
 I 've been waiting years for the 5th book . Anyone known if she is breathing ?? Any news on the new book at all ???
 It took me quite sometime to actually read ` Clan of the Cave Bear ' , and when I did , I could finally see why it was so popular , but there was much more ... Valley of the Horses followed , and there was no turning back , I read all three in one weekend . And then Plans of Passage hit the book stores , and , well like so many ca n't wait for the fifth , and here 's counting on a sixth . I thank Jean for such an impressive story . Thanks again : -RRB-
 I read this book for the first time when I was 14 years old . Since that time , I got the others in the series . I can not tell you how many times I have read and reread this story , as well as the others . At one time , they came together in paperback , and I bought it . Now , they are so ragged they are held together by tape . I have been awaiting the time when Mrs. Auel comes out with another book . I would definetely be in line for that one .
 I loved all 4 of these books !!! I have been waiting 12 years for the 5th book to come out and have in the mean-time re-read them over and over , collected first addition copies and created an online discussion group to talk about them , the Summer Meetings that other fans are starting in different regions , and other book related aspects of life , including cooking like the characters in the books !!! I recomend for EVERYONE to read them , expesially young women ! I read them at the age of 13 and Ayla gives a great example of what a strong independant woman is !!
 When I was recommended this book , I was skeptical . A book about cavemen ? After reading it , however , I changed my views and went on to read the rest of the series -LRB- this book is the best -RRB- . Ayla , the heroine , is strong and courageous , perfect for this world but unfit for the Neandertals she had to live with . She shows the adaptability of Homo Sapiens . I admire her for this . Note
 That 's right , the next book in the series will hit shelves in May 2002 !! -- THE SHELTERS OF STONE --
 Ms. Auel is one of the greatest story tellers of all time . Her writings kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish . I have her complete set , both in paperback and in hardcover , and would n't give them up for anything in the world . Please Jean , write more .
 This is by far the best book I 've ever read . The story starts off about 35,000 years ago , in ice age Europe with a young 5 year old cro magnon girl , named Ayla , who gets seperated from her family in a series of events that would change her life forever . Young , naked , starving , injured and completely defenseless , the helpless child began wandering until a migrating clan of ancient Neandertal people find the girl unconscies and on the brink of death.The clan , Clan of the Cave Bear , was made up of group of people that deeply worshipped Ursus , the spirit of the Cave Bear . Because of the strict customs and beliefs that made up the society they had lived in unchanged for nearly 100,000 years , they saw cro magnon man , people they referred to as `` the Others , '' as an outsider that didnt belong in their land.Because the clan was homeless themselves from a similar chain of events and she was deffinently different from themselves , they decide to write the young girl off and leave her to die . It wasnt until the clan medicine woman begged the clan leader to let her help the girl and raise her as her own daughter did luck start to turn for the helpless girl . Though she was very different mentally and physicaly , the whole clan came to accept the girl as one of their own , well nearly everone except the clan leaders son Broad . Though Ayla tries as hard as she can to fit in with the ways of the clan people and follow their firm ancient customs , from the moment he first saw her , Broad hated the young girl and had a lifelong desire to make her life miserable . Through all of the lifelong abuse and downfalls she had sustained , Ayla still found away to remain strong and cope with it all.Jean Auel found away to make this story so descriptive and detailed that it 's almost as if it takes you all the way back to ice age Europe . Though very sexually disturbing in some parts and not a book I 'd reccomend for any minors under the age of 14 or so , it has a well written plot and a turn of events that make it an incredible story . `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' deffinently has my 2 thumbs up .
 This was such a good book !!! It is the first book I have ever read from this author , but i enjoyed it immensly . I fully intend to read the secod book of this series , The Valley Of The Horses , as soon as I can get my hands on it . Ayla is the most wonderful heroine . She overcomes every thing thrown in her path . She has such an independent sprit it is had for her to fit into the customs of the Clan . This causes many problems for her especilly with Broud , the leader of the clan 's son . She is taken in by Iza and her sibling Creb , the clans Mog-ur , they protect her aganst Broud . However they cant protect her forever and when Broud becomes the leader of the clan he death curses her and the book ends with her leaving the clan , alone .
 This book is great . Once you read it you will want to read the following books . It is a book you can get a romance reader , sci-fi reader , history reader , etc. or for that hard to buy for person . It can get a bit long winded but is worth the reading . I have read and re-read all the books and am just waiting to read the next . The characters and the situations they and the earth go threw are very interesting . My 10 year old is starting to read the first book . He likes it so far . He is an avanced reader so maybe most children should be older but you never know . When you pick this book up you wo n't put it down .
 What impressed me most about this book was Ms. Auel 's ability to create believable settings in a world so different from the one we live in . She must have written volumes of backstory , because unlike many novels -LRB- even novels set in familiar times -RRB- these characters feel like they inhabit a world that existed long before the novels first word , and will continue to exist long after its last .
 I read this in a matter of days after seeing the title mentioned in another book and remembering how popular it was when it came out . I was surprised how very much I enjoyed it - historical fiction and romance are usually not my thing at all . I immediately went out and got the rest of the series and ended up reading them all in about three weeks time . This one is the best , very addictive .
 One of the best books I 've read . It brought tears to my eyes especially at the end . Strong and touching it made me really think . The book is excellent to the very last word .
 Clan of the Cave bear is a wonderful story which wraps the reader with every sentence . The length Auel went to authenticate her story are admirable and marvelous . I loved how she explored the spirit world and the intricate language used by the clan . The level of research that has gone into this book is amazing . Auel know so much about plants , animal , and herbal cures that might have been used at this time , that you forget she is writing about a pre-historic period which has left us with only bare-bones of what life must have been like . In Ayla , she creates a remarkable character who readers move with through struggle to overcome every trial -LRB- of which there are many -RRB- . At times heartbreaking , often hopeful , this is a truly beautiful novel about the human condition .
 This was one of the first `` pre-historic novels '' that I ever read . Although hokey in places and with enough sex to make it appealing to the romance novel readers , it is a fascinating story with a fully-developed prehistoric world and culture . It was great fun to read . If you like Jean Auel , you will probably also like Kathleen O'Neal Gear and W. Michael Gear 's books .
 The book and story are wonderful . I attempted to download to my iPod . The tracks , author name of book etc were all mis-identified . It was a nightmare . Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- the first in the series took 7 hours to download and properly identify . Valley of the Horses took almost 11 hours . I 'm sure people who ordered books by John Lescroart , Nora Roberts , and author Robb ... will be highly surprised when they have Clan oft he cave bear identified as what they purchased . Mammoth Hunters took 8 hours yesterday to down load 51/2 tapes and properly identify them and then there was a ` fatal error ' half way through disc 6 . Although I love the series the recording was less than substandard . I wo n't bother with the last two in the series . They 're too expensive to waste all these hours of ` fixing ' !
 The Clan of the Cave Bear is in my opinion a very creative story . The story brings out the characters living in the Upper Paleolithic era . The amount of research Jean Auel had done to create this novel is very apparent . The heroine , Ayla is a jewel and I could help but root for her as she struggles to make her place in this male dominated society . A wonderful book and I highly recommend it to every reader
 Masterful ! The way she describes a race that has been extinct for 30 000 years is astonishing ! Their language , beliefs , knowledge and respect for the environment and how they react when a strange human enters their carefully structured society . This book required deep research and a vast imagination . I ca n't wait to dive in to the other books in the `` Earths Children '' series .
 who introduced me to this book . I was a naive child and this book began an incredible journey for me . Buy it , read it and then buy the rest . You 'll love them ... one drawback I 've found would be the detailed explanations about the wildlife . I get a little lost in that but it does n't detract from this wonderful series . This is book one .
 When I told a friend that I was reading Clan of the Cave Bear , he retorted , `` What ! ... that is practically a Feminist Manifesto!Fortunately , his comments did not dissuade me from finishing this most important and ever life-changing book , which is the first in the Earth 's Children Series.Written by Jean Marie Auel , Clan of the Cave Bear is one of the most touching and insightful books on human nature I have ever read.Jean Marie 's effort is also an excellent exercise in anthological conjecture based on adequate research of known fossil remains and other anthropological research . She also explores the possible etiological origins of homeopathic and sympathetic magic with fiction that is touching , real , and tender.What fascinated me most about Jean Marie 's book is how she elaborated on the theory that two human species , namely modern-anatomical humans and Neanderthals , may have coexisted side by side at one time prehistorically.In her writing , Jean Marie explores the nature of prejudice inferring its origins are natural and deeply rooted in our evolutionary past . She treats it however by demonstrating that through love & acceptance , common traits of humanity shared by many cultures , can help even those with great differences between them to overcome their prejudices and still find a way to get along and live together in harmony . Despite her treatise , the end of book one has an interesting twist .
 I purchased this copy of `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' to help complete the set of `` Earth 's Children '' books . My first reading of it was a library book . I loved the series and decided to own and reread them all . Jean Auel is amazing and I look forward to another book .
 The story of Ayla who grows up in prehistoric Europe during the ice age . She is adopted and struggles to fit in . Being different from the others by looks and mannerisms , as a woman she breaks a forbidden taboo . You ca n't put this book down once you start it .
 I can only imagine the research and imagination required to bring this book into being . Though I did n't agree with everything in Auel 's world , I was fascinated with it all nonetheless . This is a page turner and brain burner as well . Now I have to scramble to get the next one after staying up to finish it !
 When my dad first gave me this book to read , it had the orignal cover , and was sort of deteriorating , and I had a feeling that I woudl n't really like it . That was definitely NOT what happened ! Ayla is a very inspirational character , and it 's hard to put the book down once you start it . Unfortunetaly I was on vacation when I started it , so I had to stop reading , but I would have read it in a day ! I quickly bought the other books in the series and read , each one better than the next , although the Clan of the Cave Bear was ultimatly the best one . I 'd recommend the series to someone over the age of 13 . It would be hard to follow if you were younger , and some parts are inappropriate , especially in the following books . This was one of my favorite books , and be warned
 When I read the book , `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' , I was stunned . I could n't believe that someone could create a type of novel that touched me that much . Ayla is the most astounding character in the novel . She learns lessons in that book that should have taken more than a life time to understand . When she was found by the Clan she was near death . Iza healed her and treated her like her own , like part of her blood line . Ayls was not understood by most of the clan but she was loved by most of the clan and she was respected . When she took the sling that she found on the ground and learned how to use it took great courage . When she was cursed with death for using the sling to save a childs life I thought it was unfair , but it was the way of the clan . I could n't believe that she could survived through the winter in that little cave she had found to practice her sling throwing . It took great knowledge and courage to survive on her own . Broud also affected Ayla in a way that she would never forget . The constant raping when she bacame a woman got her pregnant . When the baby was born she almost died giving birth to the part of the Clan and part of the Others . Everyone thought the child was retarted . The child was supposed to die . It was not allowed to live . But Ayla being so strong decided to fight the system . She was also allowed to hunt because of her strong will to become what her totem wanted her to be . I look forward to see if I will be as fearless and determined as Ayla .
 I STARTED TO READ CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR AT THE END OF JUNE OF THIS YEAR . I WAS DONE WITH ALL FOUR OF THE BOOKS IN THE SERIES IN ONE MONTH !!! I COULD N'T PUT THEM DOWN . THEY SWEEP YOU UP INTO A UNFORGETABLE JOURNEY THAT YOU WILL THINK OF FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE . YOU WISH YOU WERE THERE RIGHT BESIDE AYLA . YOU LAUGH , YOU CRY , YOU DO IT ALL . I STRONGLY SUGGEST READING THE WHOLE SERIES , AND I WANT THE 5TH BOOK !!! I 'M DYING FOR IT !!!!!!!!!
 A historical , adventuress , love story , all rolled into one could ` nt put down book . Auel really did her homework , in this epic , -LRB- and all the other books in this series I 've read all four of them . -RRB- Ayla is a heroine , whom you 'd love to get to known she portrayed her so real , and a wonderful person.The book might be considered boring to others but , I feel the amount of research put in and gathering prehistoric iceage information was n't easy for the author.I just wish she 'd pull her socks up bit and hurry to finish the last book , I 'm sure everyone is eager to know how it all ends .
 What can I say ? Obviously most people who have read it think the same as I do , judging by the amount of reviews with 5 stars . I was 12 when I read it for the first time , even though my teacher told me it was too old for me . This book is not too old or too young for anyone . It is filled with the joy and pain of life , and shows that tribulations lead to better time later in life . I experianced Ayla 's fear , delight , anger , sadness and despair at finding herself so differnt to those in her life . She is someone we can all relate to . Ayla is the only character who really developed much -LRB- and she is developed A LOT , esp . in later books -RRB- but she is the one we are all concerned with , and th others are forced to react to her changes . If you have n't read this book , read it . You will never regret it . P.S. You 'll cry at the end
 I was reminded of how much I enjoyed this book when i read it years ago when the movie came on the Encore channel . It was really great to read . I thought the movie would be the same , but somehow , they did a really lousy job , and the movie reviews pointed out deficiencies which I had n't really noticed when I read the book , such as
 35,000 B.C.A five-year-old Cro-Magnon girl loses her family in an earthquake and is found , near death , after an attack by a cave lion , by a group of Neanderthals . They are the Clan of the Cave Bear . They adopt her and , when she recovers , she tries to become one of the Clan . This series , chronicling the life of Ayla , as the Clan name her , unfolds as , firstly , she grows into adulthood in a society utterly different from the one into which she was born , and then secondly , as a fully mature and much sought after woman , she has to re-adapt to the culture to which she was almost certainly born but has blocked from her memory as a result of the tragedy , loss and trauma she endured as a child.This series really does has everything ; joy , sorrrow , hope , despair , humor , imagination and a solid chunk of concrete facts . It is essentially a work of fiction , but Auel has done an incredible amount of research and , as a result , the work is replete with details on the way life could have been three hundred and fifty centuries ago . Although set in a prehistoric world of incredible beauty , sadly now lost to us for all time , it shows us that we are indistinguishable from our ancestors of the last Ice Age , how they had exactly the same basic needs , desires and ambitions that we have now.The characters , and the cultures , in this series are arguably the most highly developed you will find in any books , anywhere . With them we feel the highs and the lows , we share their hopes and their fears , and we can not help needing to discover the outcome of every single decision they make , no matter how crucial or trivial they may appear , because all of them are vital to the story . We feel as though they are our best friends and that they confide in us as such as they think without speaking aloud to other people in the story . We get to know them as well as we know ourselves and plan what we would do in the same situations.Aside from the obvious entertainment and joy the entire series will provide for all who read it , or listen to it , it teaches us many lessons which are relevant to this very day , particularly about relationships with and respect for people , not only on personal and individual levels , but also on social levels , and within a community.On the surface it may appear to have been written as a throwaway paperback for the consumption of twentysomething women lying in the sun to top up their tan , -LRB- sadly it is often shelved as such in bookshops -RRB- , but , be assured , it most definitely is not . It has been reprinted many times in many countries around the world , and in many foreign languages . This is a clear sign of its widespread and enduring quality and appeal , although I would suggest that it would definitely not be suitable for anybody under the age of twelve and even then I would recommend waiting to about sixteen to fully appreciate the meaning of the book and withstand the impact it will make . I believe that a lot of young people , both male and female , would benefit greatly by reading it , and taking it seriously . I first read the Clan of the Cave Bear when I was seventeen , when I bought a copy that my local library was selling off for a few pennies . I read through it in two or three sittings ; I was so engrossed , the pages seemed to turn on their own . When finished I immediately loaned the other three books in the series . I now own all the books and all the cassettes , and in the last three years I must have read or heard each of the -LRB- to date -RRB- four books at least thirty times . Like millions of others , I eagerly await the fifth volume , and so will you.Thirty-five thousand years ago people just like Ayla , and everybody she encountered during her life and journeys , really were alive and , hopefully , in us they shall live on .
 A thoroughly original novel that takes sci-fi and fantasy genre into the stone age . Even if some of Ayla 's super-woman exploits challenge the imagination , you will enjoy the speculation of religious and cultural life in Neanderthal society . Also the natural surroundings are captivating . DO NOT , however , read further in the series , unless you like trashy romance novels . They degenerate quickly , with the Valley of Horses ok at a 6 or so , then the Mammoth Hunters about a 2 . At that point I wised up and stopped reading Ms. Auel 's filth . Let me know when she finds originality again .
 Originally I did not want to read this for I was not interested in the beginning of mankind . Imagine my surprise , when I found myself unable to put this down , read through the night , called the office asking for annual leave , to continue reading until my eyes literally hurt too much to stay open . I even bought hardcovers for the next books finishing this story -LRB- valley of horses etc -RRB- , somthing I NEVER do . I just could not wait . The insight of how we came to have everything normal to us these days , and the incredible style of her writing will make you treasure this series forever . Are you interesting in history , herbalism , magic , love , romance , sex and crime , animals ... it 's all here . It will also give you a little more strenght to fight for happiness . Ayla survives everything womanhood is threatend by from the beginning of time , and then some . If she can do it , all by herself , and only come out of it stronger and purer , so can the rest of us : -RRB-
 One of only four books I could ever give a ten rating to -LRB- read the rest of the series to find out the other three -RRB- . If you are even slightly tempted to read this book , go ahead , for you are surely missing out on something by not reading it . Once you start , you wo n't be able to stop . While reading this you will be oblivious to what 's going on around you , everything else will be put on hold while you are reading it . The story of Ayla that stretches into the other three books is remarkable . The characters are as real as fictionally possible . I read the four books every year or so , just to refresh the great memories and each time I read them I learn something new . My only advice to Jean Auel is to hurry up and write the remaining two novels she promised to write . It would surely be an amazing tragedy if she did n't write them .
 I found The Clan of the Cave Bear to be a wonderfully written book . It is my personal favorite . The story is about a young girl whose is left alone , by none of her own doing , and must fend for herself . The author writes the book in an extremely moving and realistic way . Although the clan that finds the young girl is one of very few words , Auel portrays their emotions as if they were speaking right into you 're own heart . The beginning is not at all slow or hard to get into . Instead , it starts out beautifully , by introducing the main character in a bubbling flow of descriptive words . You will not be able to put the book down once you start reading it , so I 'd recommend grabbing a rather large box of tissues before you begin . The book may be a bit too challenging for somewhat younger readers , and has some sections that they probably ought not be reading . I really recommend this book , I loved it and I 'm sure you will too
 I originally read this series when they firt came out over 30 years ago . Found it just as good this time around .
 Terrific . A real magnet for your attention . Could n't put it down . This is my second time in reading this series and just as good as the first .
 I read the book many years ago , and decided to reread due to liking the book so well and when I am finished , my granddaughter will read
 I was n't sure if this was a novel for preteens at first glance . But upon finishing it did surpass my expectations . Of course I do love almost all fiction novels . Any book that 's can get lost in .
 IT KIND OF DRAGS OUT . MY WIFE READ IT AND NOW I AM . I GOT HER A E-READER AND SHE KEPT ALL HER BOOKS IN IR .
 On a number of occasions , it had been suggested that I read this book , and I must say I 'm very glad I did . I got very involved , as the writing was so wonderfully descriptive . Having said this , I do n't think it was arduous to read all that detail , which sometimes makes reading a book feel a bit of a chore . I would recommend it to anyone !
 Excellent well written story . I would recommend Clan of the Cave Bear to anyone who likes to read . Well worth the money .
 This book is just so much fun to read , it 's ridiculous . What an author ! She earned the love and thanks from millions of fans , over a decades long journey , by sharing the long life and journey of our new found friend , Ayla.If a fan of the Earths Children series books dares stretch out a bit from the actual books , explore the vast area of knowledge and insight into the astonishing human , and Neandertal , history Jean has left for us to retrieve ... a larger picture to explore , our unknown , and recently learned history . of ALL of our past history ... the interesting BIG story . The actual Northern Iraqi cave used as a basis for the Clan Cave should be a starting point to do some extra , fun homework.READ the Book !
 I have all the books in the Earth 's Children series -LRB- a mixture of paperback and hardcover -RRB- and every couple of years I pull them out and read them all over again . They are a series of books that you never tire of reading . Ms Auel 's descriptions are so vivid that you can picture events as she describes them . And the history lesson is fascinatingAfter receiving a Kindle for Christmas 2012 I decided to read them all over again . Purchasing the book through Amazon for downloading on my Kindle is a bonus . I no longer have to carry the books around with me but can still enjoy them completely .
 Friend told me about the book , have not started to read it yet . Hope it is as good as she said .
 Some 23 experts on management from academia and the private sector share their ideas on how you can take that bloated bureaucracy and turn it into a nimble and innovative machine . The book offers no quick fixes , as illustrated by the authors ' observation that innovation is a culture , and not an event . Of special interest is the included list of practices that squelch innovation . We -LSB- ... -RSB- recommend this book , which was inspired by management science pioneer Peter F. Drucker , for executives and all devoted students of the management arts .
 Most collected volumes have a few good essays and then you can take or leave the rest . But all of the essays in this book are more than worth the price of the whole book . I was blown away by the depth of wisdom and insight in this collection . You get Charles Handy , Margaret Wheatley , Clayton Christensen , Jim Collins , and Rosabeth Moss Kanter.I 'm always pressed for time and I loved how each one of these essays offered me something I could use in my daily work . There are so many things that can get in the way of being an effective leader and this book helped me think in new ways and look at my organization-an myself-in a new way.I get the Drucker Foundation 's journal , Leader to Leader , and always get great stuff out of it . This collection met all of the expectations I had of a book from the Drucker Foundation .
 The Drucker Foundation has done it again . Gathered a remarkable collection of thought leaders -LRB- see the list below -RRB- and asked them to write on a critical issue -- leading innovation.Each chapter is short and easy to absorb , but the collection provides a powerful set of ideas about how leaders can make innovation happen in their organization , whether it 's a business , a nonprofit , or a government.Get a copy for yourself , and one for your boss!International Thought leadersJames Burke , Jim Collins , Arie de Geus , Max De Pree , Charles Handy , Margaret J. WheatleyAcademicsClayton M. Christensen -LRB- Harvard Business School -RRB- , Howard Gardner & Kim Barberich -LRB- Harvard School of Education -RRB- , Rosabeth Moss Kanter -LRB- Harvard Business School -RRB- , Dorothy Leonard -LRB- Harvard Business School -RRB- , Henry Mintzberg -LRB- McGill University -RRB- , Jeffrey Pfeffer -LRB- Stanford Business School -RRB- , Walter Swap -LRB- Tufts University -RRB- Dave Ulrich -LRB- University of Michigan -RRB- Corporate leadersJohn Kao -LRB- Idea Factory -RRB- , Robert E. Knowling , Jr. -LRB- Internet Access Technologies -RRB- , Ann Livermore -LRB- Hewlett-Packard -RRB- , Bill Pollard -LRB- ServiceMaster -RRB- , David S. Pottruck -LRB- Charles Schwab -RRB- , Daniel Vasella -LRB- Novartis -RRB- ConsultantsM . Kathryn Clubb , Marshall GoldsmithGovernmentWilliam J. Bratton -LRB- former Chief of NYPD -RRB- , Stephen Goldsmith -LRB- former mayor of Indianapolis -RRB-
 Leading for Innovation was the core text in a Master of Science course taken by this reviewer . Innovation is in many ways an intangible quality that resists strict scientific definition . There are no pure techniques that have been identified that will translate from organization to organization with predictably positive results.However , there are certain characteristics that tend to create an environment more conducive to innovative results.In moving in that direction the editors arrange in the book in 4 primary sections :1 . Leading the People Who Make Innovation Happen .2 . Creating an Environment that Encourages Innovation .3 . Changing How You Think About Leadership and Innovation .4 . The Practise of Innovation.Every section presents several stand alone essays that come from very diverse backgrounds and yet tie into the primary theme for each section . Most present some insight or nuggets that can be gleaned and applicable in any organization.Therein lies the value to this compendium . This is not a book attempting to provide `` the '' answer , but rather one that skirts the perimeter and makes several forays in from which the reader can take the information and tie it into their own particulat situation.Overall , despite having been on the market for more than several years , this information is still current , relevant and will be helpful to most innovation leaders .5 stars.Bart Breen
 Excellent compilation on Leadership attributes for innovation and is a collection of well written articles which made me think and connect to a real world phenomenon . I enjoy reading Peter Drucker 's books and the content of the book has Peter Drucker 's flavor to it . The Clarity and style of this book is truly outstanding .
 1 . Arie De Geus says that innovation is one of the cause of short corporate life .2 . The optimization of people is a better way to ensure long term survival of a company3 . Innovation is a specific instrument of entrepreneurship . The entrepreneur brings in a certain degree of disequilibrium create opportunity to innovate . The casualty rate is high and the chance of survival and success low especially in areas of high visiblity .4 . `` The Innovator Dilemma '' states the average survival of a new commercial business is 12.5 years .5 . At least 45 of the largest corporations have survive the latest innovation destructive storm and survived successive technology waves .6 . Innovation needs to be managed . Innovation is capable of being learned and practiced . Why are some companies better a adapting and thriving in the technology storm ? 7 . Surviving companies are those who `` see themselves as communities with a characteristic culture or ideology , which they combine with a pragmatic pursuit of profits . `` 8 . A consensus exist that business is about profits and management has not choice but to maximize profits or shareholder value .9 . Companies are working communities based on people . The company needs high learning and innovation desparately . Yet the company is structured like a 19th century industrial company based on assets . The employee receives some of the assets in exchange for talents and contributions .10 . Putting profit before people did not work in the old economy nor in the new economy .11 . Historically , land ownership was the source of wealth accumulation and more land ownership meant more wealth . The rise of corporation require capital equity to expand and grow . Land was exchanged for equity to be invested in corporation . Capital equity markets grew as corporations grew and wealth was viewed as ownership in the company . When production exceeds demand , savings occurs . Savings were making their way back into production . Adding capital to production processes great increased output . Capital became the critical factor to production .12 . In 1999 , banks , mutual funds , and pensions surpasses $ 10 trillion .13 . Monies held by savings and institutions was $ 16 trillion14 . Capital markets are a buyers market . Capital is no longer the scarce production factor .15 . Going up are capital poor but brain rich companies . Talent is scarce .16 . Managers need to make use of talent immediately and increase the learn capacity of the communities .17 . Learning will be key to competitive survival.In short , we could see a shift where employees buy land as a wealth accumulator , work at the company to learn new skills , and stay because they like the community they work with .
 I enjoyed the format used to present the various segments by different authors . The text is well organized and illustrated .
 I just started the class not even a week ago so I have n't gotten through the book to give that great of a review however I can say that it is well written through the first two chapters . As an academic scholar , if the author can keep a student interested and provide well written content the first two chapters then it is fair to say that the rest of the book is well written . I would like to come back and finish this review however I wo n't be able to . I will leave with the note that I have a Shelfari web site and I will be posting on it the further I advance in chapters .
 I have n't seen PL/1 , the 3 GL programming language , in years . This little book is like the newer short reference books that we 've all grown to love , but they do n't have this for old languages like PL/1 . Thanks for having this in stock . My job needs this which means that I need this . Thanks so much Amazon !!
 This is not a book , its a pamphlet that gives a very terse overview of the PL/I language . Its not a beginners book but a primer for experienced programmers . The only current book on PL/I is `` The New PL/I '' by Eberhard Sturm which is already out of print after being out less than 2 years
 I am a IT professional who found myself with a small programming assignment on an application written in PL/1 which I knew nothing about . I took a look at this book online and it looked like a good reference source so I ordered it . The change I needed to make was n't anything big but this small book gave me the enough information into the command structure of PL/1 to be able to complete my assignment and even add a couple additional improvements to the application client had not asked for but were extremely happy with .
 This is a very good book for the beginners to gain a overall knowledge of PL/1 and start making small programs .
 This is a wonderful book . I really enjoyed reading it . It is very well written and it is a book of hope . The boy in the book had something wrong and the mother , Shelly did n't know what it was . Because of her love and persistance , she finally got answers . Marcus has grown up and is doing well . Shelly showed that with enough time and love you can help your child overcome many obstacles . I work with special needs children and I see parents all the time who are not active in their child 's problems . My heart went out to this mother and child . I think teachers and parents should read this book .
 Wonderful book about a boy with SI Dysfunction . I really enjoyed reading this book . It sounded like this family and boy went through a lot . His mother was very courageous and persistant in helping her child . I commend her for courage . It sounds like Marcus is doing well now . I am so glad . this book was very well written and easy to read .
 This is a wonderful book , written with a lot of information aboutSensory Integration Dysfunction , but also written from a Mother ` spoint of view and of the heartbreak for a child who is `` different '' and who is not always included when playing with other children . A great write that will hopefully help othersas they read it .
 This is a very nicely written book about the struggles of a mother and her son . Shelly tells the story of a mothers concerns and the love and strength of a family struggling to cope with Sensory Integration Dysfunction . She shares with us the living proof that `` love can conquer all . '' Easy reading . This book tells it lke it is ... Darrel Day author of Abduction and Until Death Do We Meet ...
 THIS LOGGED JOURNAL OF A LIITLE BOY & HIS FAMILY & THE COURAGE THEY SHOWED IN FACING THIS LITTLE KNOWN PROBLEM JUST TOOK MY BREATH AWAY ! HOW MANY CHILDREN HAVE BEEN MISUNDERSTOOD OR ABUSED BECAUSE OF THIS PROBLEM . I WISH ALL NEW MOTHERS COULD HAVE ACCESS TO THIS STORY . BECAUSE OF THIS MOTHERS COURAGE & PERSISTENCE MAYBE SOMEONE ELSE 'S CHILD WONT HAVE TO GO THROUH WHAT CHILD DID . THANK YOU MS WILSON
 This is a wonderful `` journal '' about her son 's life with SI Disfuntion . She tells it like it was from a mother 's point of view . Much better than reading those books by `` doctors '' that use all sorts of words/grammer that 's unappealing to read . Mrs Wilson talks about her son 's problems making friends , and all the difficulties & obsticles he had to overcome . Some parts were very comical , and there 's several things that I could relate to with my own child . My child is ADHD , ODD , & IED ... and he has lots of problems with teachers and other adults & children.I definately recommend Mrs Wilson 's book to anyone with `` disorders '' in the family -LRB- especially children -RRB- , whether it 's SI Disfuntion or something else .
 This was a book that my mom read when it first came out because she was always a fan of Dear Abby and I first read this book years and years ago when I first started becoming interested in this great individual . `` Dear Abby , '' otherwise known as Ms. Abigail Van Buren was such a fascinating person who always gave the best life-lessons . And , she truly invented the modern American advice column.Yesterday I was reorganizing my study and I came across this book and I decided to read it again . What a great idea that was . In a way I 'm thankful that most of the MSM has gone to hell in a handle basket , otherwise I never would have been reintroduced to this book . `` The Best of Dear Abby '' is just what it says it is , Ms. Van Buren 's very best letters , over the course of 25 + + years . In it she addresses infidelity , adulatory , honesty , love , education , betrayal , loyalty , priorities and of course S-E-X . Dear Abby is witty , clever and always on the mark . But more than that she 's forthright and convincing.What did I learn from this book?Really , I learned many important life-long lessons . First , even though this book is over 27 years old it 's still relatable and that 's because Dear Abby is timeless . She was the voice of reason who did n't change her values or morals with the times -LRB- times may change , but not decent people . -RRB- Dear Abby also reaffirmed my belief in the goodness of others and in the celebration of talking out and discussing your problems.I also learned another very important lesson that Ms. Van Buren 's book & advice column always resonated
 This book was a fun , quick read if you like question & answer advice . At times funny and kept me reading !
 From cover to cover I thought Abby was fabulous and her audience great . The whole book is a joy to read and , for the most part , keeps you from taking troubles too seriously .
 I bought this for a friend for her birthday and it did n't have a picture posted but from the description I figured it was the old version without the scary lady on the cover but it was n't . Oh well .
 This is the best book I 've read in a long time . I enjoyed every bit of it from start to finish . First let me say , I am a huge fan of Dear Abby . Back in the day when our newspapers ran her , she was my favorite part . I was saddened when our newspapers stopped running her . Oh , I love most all columnists , but she is my favorite . Yes , I love columns , and if you love columns , then this book is for you . But we are all different , and not everybody enjoys columns , so this book would not be for those people.This book was so entertaining , I can not tell you how much I enjoyed it . It was mostly fun and entertaining , but there were some letters that were sad . This book is a compilation of Dear Abby 's best letters.This book is sectioned into different subjects , such as `` Marriage on the Rocks '' , The Traumatic Teens '' , `` Fooling Around '' , Paging the Aging '' , `` The Funny Ones '' , `` The Sad Ones '' , `` Not Fit to Print '' , just to name some of them -LRB- but not all of them -RRB- . Some of the letters were fun , some were funny , some were serious , some sad , some offered very good advice from Dear Abby.I enjoyed the whole book , and I do n't know if there is another book with a compilation of Dear Abby letters , but I am going to start looking . I think Dear Abby is the best columnist in the world .
 As a current resident of Abby 's hometown , Sioux City , Iowa , I can honestly say that this is a very interesting book ! I love the letters that she chose to -LRB- re -RRB- print , and I think readers of her column would enjoy this book too . I also recomend Ann Lander 's book .
 This was a book that my mom read when it first came out because she was always a fan of Dear Abby and I first read this book years and years ago when I first started becoming interested in this great individual . `` Dear Abby , '' otherwise known as Ms. Abigail Van Buren was such a fascinating person who always gave the best life-lessons . And , she truly invented the modern American advice column.Yesterday I was reorganizing my study and I came across this book and I decided to read it again . What a great idea that was . In a way I 'm thankful that most of the MSM has gone to hell in a handle basket , otherwise I never would have been reintroduced to this book . `` The Best of Dear Abby '' is just what it says it is , Ms. Van Buren 's very best letters , over the course of 25 + + years . In it she addresses infidelity , adulatory , honesty , love , education , betrayal , loyalty , priorities and of course S-E-X . Dear Abby is witty , clever and always on the mark . But more than that she 's forthright and convincing.What did I learn from this book?Really , I learned many important life-long lessons . First , even though this book is over 27 years old it 's still relatable and that 's because Dear Abby is timeless . She was the voice of reason who did n't change her values or morals with the times -LRB- times may change , but not decent people . -RRB- Dear Abby also reaffirmed my belief in the goodness of others and in the celebration of talking out and discussing your problems.I also learned another very important lesson that Ms. Van Buren 's book & advice column always resonated
 If you love Dear Abby , you 'll love this book . It is very dated however . She had quite a sense of humor and it is evident in this book . A mindless , time passing read .
 This book was great ! Lots of old Dear Abbey letters with background information on the thoughts that were behind the answers .
 I had owned this book at least 20 years ago and it fell apart so was I happywhen I was able to order it on amazon
 My wife reads real life stories to the elderly at an assisted living facility so the residents can talk about how they would go about responding . We could n't find this book in print so we went to a used book . Easy to find , easy to purchase , good price , fast delivery . What more can you ask for ? Thanks for the great service .
 Outstanding older paperback text - unfortunately no newer edition , so your copy may look a bit like mine
 as in any language , idiomatic expressions are very important to learn and understand.this book gives clear and concise definitions of many common spanish `` frasesidiomatica '' . Very helpful
 Most birding books are best perused , but Dennis 's books are a pleasure to read cover to cover . Also , the illustrations are incredibly perfect and gorgeously detailed.Plenty of personally-acquired information here , including some tips for deterring squirrels and other pests .
 I work at a Wild Birds Unlimited store and customers rely on you to give them the best information on bird feeding and care available . This book is super helpful in achieving that goal .
 I left a copy of this book on an airplane when visiting my daughter . Did n't think I would every find another copy . The seller was quick in sending it to me and it was in good condition , just as they said . Fast service . Thanks a million .
 i have this book and bought it for my best friend . It has a lot of easy , inexpensive ideas ; great reference book .
 At first sight , this book may not look too impressive . No glossy pages and full-color pictures . However , it is one of the best birding books I own . So much information written in a fun and easy-to-read way . My copy was a gift from my husband . I enjoyed and learned so much from it , I bought one for my brother-in-law , too . If you want to understand how to best feed the birds and attract more to your yard , buy this book .
 I sit in my window-side chair , watch birds , sip coffee and browse this book ... and I 'm happy . Thanks , John .
 Although book itself was too old and under miserable conditions which caused Amazon or seller to refund all money I paid , to that action I apreciated very much first.However , it is cinical enough that this book turned out to be my best book I ever read concerning Lincoln assasination.To tell the truth , I remember an book titled same as this book maybe two decades ago.I dont know that was the same one as this.however , this time I read from the begnning to the end very quickly , like one week just in the bed only small amount of time before I become sleepy , and tell you what , biggest trouble I had was neither its oldness which made me difficult to read , nor miserable conditions , but this book made me very difficult to sleep by abanndoning to read.While I was living in the US in 1990 ' s , I visited Ford Theater and knew all the rough story about actor and assasin John Wilkis Booth.But in this book , I could feel the ever changing emotions of assasin John Wilkis Booth as vividly as I am talking or escaping together with him.Very old but fantastic book which , is worthy of giving the name of best creative nonfiction to the book and to the auther.Thanks to Amazon and the seller to whom I dont know .
 This book covers it all . Tracks , drivers , I believe motorcycles too . I gave it as a gift so I do n't have it here . But I do remember being impressed with the wide variety of raceing subjects it covered . Lots of color pictures too , . If you are into racing , this is a great book to have .
 I choose 4 , because the book has some scuff , but it is ok ! The cost is $ 0,01 ! I have got it in time !
 The son of a Russian general , Prince Serge Obolensky grew up at the court of Nicholas II , and served as an officer in the Chevalier Guards in WWI . This is a remarkable tale of Obolensky 's long and varied life - from student to soldier to City stockbroker to soldier again -LRB- this time as Lt. Col. in the US OSS in WWII -RRB- to hotel impresario in New York City . Married first to a Russian princess and later to Alice Astor , Obolensky was one of those rare 20th c. characters who `` knew everyone '' . Yet he comes across in print as humble and self-deprecating . He was a leading representative of a civilization that was completely swept away by the 1917 Revolution . This is a good read ; it is a pity it is not in print at present .
 Prince Serge Obolensky was born to the Russian aristocracy in 1890 in Tsarskoye Selo as a member of a family that had wide connections in both St Petersburg society and on the land . A scandal with his parents when he was a child lead to him being bought up with the anticipation that he would be running his family 's farms when he got older . The first world war and the Russian revolution which followed destroyed that plan.This is a very interesting autobiography . Serge moved in the highest circles in Europe and knew everyone who was everybody , and especially in England also moved among royal circles for his entertainment . This book is a picture of vanishing worlds , that of Russian before the revolution , the end of the Edwardian era in England and the grand parties of the inter-war period in Europe when everyone celebrated being alive and surviving hell on earth.However , Serge 's story does not stop there . He travelled to Australia and his second marriage bought him into New York high society when he married a daughter of the Astor family and when the second world war came he had a part to play in the American military . This book has next to no memoirs of the Romanovs as Serge was not an intimate of the last court of Russia , but there are surprising number of familiar names that crop up in the book , and for periods of time when he was down on his luck he lived with people like Felix Youssupov and was married to the daughter of Tsar Alexander II at one point . This book gives a good feeling for the times Serge lived in - ones he admits will never been seen again for their opulence and free spending and I 'm glad I picked up this book to get a window into these lost worlds .
 Por favor , no te importa mi espa & ntilde ; ol pobre , pero en serio no soy hispanohablante . Cuando tuve trece a & ntilde ; os esto libro mi mejora amiga me dio , y imediamente fue enamorado con su idioma , tema , y jugadores en una historia complicada y intimo . `` Mas Que Humano '' es un libro de los mas importantes del siencias , y de los libros intelligentes .
 I have seen Tori Black in some men 's videos , and I think she is attractive , so I wanted to see her in her `` Penthouse '' Pet spread , and it is n't disappointing . This magazine has sexy photos of sexy girls and some articles too .
 Product arrived on time , in great condition . As usual , Amazon provided a vehicle to acquire a product that I wanted .
 Is it too early to use such a book ? Should n't I worry about tests years later ? Those were my questions before . After we enrolled in Beestar weekly reading program -LRB- an excellent web site http://www.beestar.org -RRB- , we realize that there are so many kids doing so well . No wonder the standard tests keep raising the bar . A low expectation from parents only leads to low achieving children . This book boosts your child 's vocabulary , reading , and test taking skills effectively . It gives you a very good chance to know how much your child learned in school . No matter how much your child 's teacher teaches , the book will cover the bases and practice what he learned . We enjoyed this fine book very much !
 This book is thorough , in-depth data on the companies of the midcap sector . Having an independent evaluator -LRB- not the brokerage inbred stock analysts -RRB- discuss and provide not only buy/sell/hold rankings but also give fair values is priceless ! The scope of companies covered is vast , and the reviews are extensive and well written . The only down side is fair values , current rankings are a few months out of date , because publishing is not instantaneous . However , this is a good background book , and I like to have a hard copy to thumb thru on those snowed in days . I recommend this book highly along with the s + p 500 large cap and the s + p 600 small cap books . They are all excellent starting places for the independent investor . I subscribe to the standard and poors `` personal wealth '' on the internet for 9 dollars a month for current reviews / recommendations .
 This book definitely has its heart and head in the rightplace , as it recounts the benefits of globalization . But itseems to ramble a little , without ever directly making thecase that free trade , even unilateral free trade , alwayshelps a country , with the country 's general publicbenefitting more overall than special interests may be hurt.Don ' t get me wrong , I think it 's a very good book , but itcould be even better .
 Thomas Larsson 's Race To The Top tells the story of globalization and its effects upon individual liberties and personal lives around the world . This focus combines idealogies with a global perspective on the flow of ideas , capitol and lifestyles , considering globalization 's effects of commerce and politics on changing societies . An excellent account of how world changes are influenced .
 `` Tomas Larsson has produced one of the best cases yet for globalization and against protectionist measures , whether they come from Latin American tariffs or U.S. anti-dumping measures . '' - Joachim Bamrud , Latin Business Chronicle
 `` Before one can cry Big Mac , Larsson humbles the critic of globalization into silence . Larsson is William Blake 's `` Mental Traveler , '' taking the reader through `` a land of men and women ''
 Great book ! Deals with Child Abuse and one boys courage and will to stay alive . It also deals with Foster Care and the Foster System . It portrays them in a positive light . Very good book i would recommend these titles to anyone .
 I could not put this book down . It is truley incredible how this child stayed alive . I could not believe what his mother did to him . I would tell anyone who is interested in true crime child abuse story to read this book . It is amazing
 I was very pleased that the book was in such good shape . I got a real bargain , especially with it having 2 books in one . I also got the book really quick . Thanks , JoAnn
 my mom want this book and said it was hard to find she was very Happy to get the book .
 I am a avid reader and I really enjoyed this book . It is a heart breaker and a real tear jerker . But , it also shows how courageous some children . Thank you so much
 The book is in great condition . I was expecting to receive a book in a little bit worse condition . Maybe some writting on it or some wrinkled pages , but NO the only thing that made it look use was a few wrinkles on the top edge of the book paper cover . I love it ! The book itself is so sad . Read it in my teens , but going back and reading it as a parent now is so much harder to get through .
 this book is so heart felt . He makes you wonder how the system failed him and many others . I always wondered how his mother was never charged of put in jail for life . The very least be treated the same way .
 This is a heartbreaking story and one you wo n't be able to tear yourself away from once you begin to read . I prayed for his rescue and when it came I cried again but with tears of joy . Dave 's mother was an extremely , deeply disturbed woman .
 The author of this book is Dave Pelzer ; it was published in September 1995 by Health Communications Incorporated.In this book the main character is David . The book is based on the horrible things that he has to go through . His mother Catherine also plays a big part in the book because she is the one who is the main cause of his torturing . And other characters who are sometimes mentioned in this book are David 's brothers Stan , Ron , Kevin and Russel.In this book Dave talks about the struggles that he had to go through when he was a younger boy . His mom tortured him
 This book is in perfect condition , which I did n't expect with the price being as low as it was . Order and shipment was fast , I received it about a week after I placed the order . I 'm quite pleased with this product , and highly recommend it . I like the fact that it has two of Pelter 's books combined into one . Thank you so much.As far as the book itself goes , it 's a must read for everyone . Denying that child abuse exists is the biggest reason why many are still abused to this day . Knowledge is power , and so I believe that one should educate themselves , and if that means reading about this man 's journey , then so be it . I have read the first installment , but have n't gotten any further than that . Yes , it is a heartbreaking story , but we can not forget that this happened and continues to happen to our children every day . I think for the strength it took for him to write this book , one should at least take the time to read it . You may cry , but at least you will have gained some insight into the life of someone who has been through much more than he should have .
 This novel was a two for one . A Child Called It is the narrative of a young boy named David Pelzer , who was severely abused by his mother . It is an amazing read because while you are shifting in your chair , trying not to conjure up an image of what David was experiencing , you find yourself not being able to put the book down ; you MUST know how this boy gets away . Unflinching and definitely disturbing at times , this biography certainly is n't for the squeamish ... however , I believe everyone should read this to raise their awareness of the horrors of child abuse.The Lost Boy was the sequel to A Child Called It . In this novel we follow David as he bounces from foster home to foster home , all the while grappling to understand why his mother treated him as she did . At this point you 've developed an emotional attachment to David and want desperately for him to find some peace . Sometimes heartbreaking and often inspiring , this novel delves into the positive and negative repercussions of enduring such horrendous abuse.Highly recommended ...
 Anyone in education should read this book before we encounter this child or one like him in our classrooms . Very disturbing , yet part of a teachers world .
 This is a must read for any teacher , mother , grandmother , or aunt . I even think some older children should read this . I could n't put it down . Tissues is a must with this one . I am definately going to be reading this to my 13 & 9 yr olds . I think its great that he chose to share his story . I am sure those who did go through it ca n't thank him enough for letting people know things like this do really happen and its for real . Nothing Hollywood about it . If you think something like this is happening to anyone you know , speak up , do n't allow it to continue , regardless of the situation .
 This book is one of the most thrilling and adventurous books I 've ever read . Even though it is very sad and emotional , it an amazing book to read . It helped me to realize how bad some people have got it . The author is so fluent with his word choice and sentences . He is so descriptive that I could actually picture the events that he encountered . I could imagine him at school , and how he felt when he sat down in the basement motionless . It 's almost like I interacted with the author and felt every beating that he felt . It 's an easy book to comprehend , but at the same time , it uses very good decriptives and word choice . This is honestly one of the best books I 've ever read in my life . I would recommend it to anyone , anywhere , anytime !
 I read this book at the time that I was working as a nanny and soon saw the world in a whole different light . I felt myself checking for bruises I could visualise the house and room , and basement that Dave lived in . It was heart pulling , although it is not a book that we should ` enjoy ' because of the topic , it was so fantastically written that I could not tear myself away . I read the other two as well and made a start on the self help book , but feeling that I did not go through anything like he did I felt I did not need help with my life.I would recommend all four books to anyone , but a word of advice ... make sure you have a box of tissues and more then an hour to spare , because once you start you will not want to put it down , and you will most surely cry.enjoy !!!!
 I think that `` A Child Called It '' was a great book . It tells the truth even though the truth hurts . It is a very moving story of his life and made a difference in mine . I couldnt put the book down !
 The book is in very good condition and very good quality . I would recomend to other buyers . I was satisfied .
 Everyone should read this man 's story ! Great book , great quality , shipping was fast . If you have never read this book please do so .
 I read the first half of the book and it was worth it for just that much . It came on time and in excellent condition .
 This work is an exhaustive study of the Luftwaffe 's inventory from 1931 - 1945 . Naturally the famous are here
 There are quite a few books about this subject on the market , and I rate this one second best . Top of the market in my eyes is ` Warplanes of the Third Reich ' by William Green -LRB- 672 pages ! -RRB- , but this book can serve as a nice companion or indeed as a replacement if your budget is a bit tight . The main advantage this book has compared to William Green masterpiece is the colour artwork , which is sadly lacking in the Green book . The only thing in which the comparison falls out negative against Green is the amount of information about each individual plane , but there is more general information about the Luftwaffe in WW2 to make this up . Highly recommended indeed .
 Hitler 's Luftwaffe is both a narrative history and technical directory of the German air force before and during World War II . The first half of the book is a chronology and analysis of the operations of the Luftwaffe . The last half of the book is a technical directory of the numerous aircraft produced by Germany between 1930 and 1945 . In the narrative history portion of the book the authors trace the development of the Luftwaffe , its successes , and its failures . According to the authors , the Luftwaffe was defeated not so much in the air but on the ground ; Allied ground forces captured factories and fuel-producing areas and thus limited the Luftwaffe 's ability to fight . The technical encyclopedia portion includes data on numerous types of aircraft which flew for the Luftwaffe including fighters , bombers , trainers , assault gliders , transports , interceptors , seaplanes , and reconnaissance aircraft . One aircraft which caught my attention was the Arado 232 . This transport plane introduced features commonly found in modern transport planes
 The first four volumes in the new 4x4 series , each of which features four works by four comparable architects . The concept of linkage is interesting , the four critics achieve an admirable synthesis , the price is right , and the books are full of useful information , plans and excellent photographs . Sadly , their accessibility has been compromised by a wildly self-indulgent designer who squandered eight pages on headline type , overlaid body type with shadow typography , and jammed in far too many miniscule images and discordant typefaces . Its a lesson in how not to lay out a book and may scare away potential buyers.The persistent will be rewarded by graceful writing , especially by the peripatetic Dubliner , Raymund Ryan , and Catherine Slessor , executive editor of the Architectural Review . For the record , the architects covered are , in order
 This text-only hymnal gives translations of hymns that come from a wide range of Christian authors and expressions . Schaff 's notes are very helpful -LRB- see his notes on Toplady 's `` Rock of Ages '' -RRB- in placing each hymn in its historical and theological context . Rhythmic metres are not given , but it 's not hard to figure them out . This book came recommended by Kevin Twitt of Indelible Grace Music -LRB- Reformed University Fellowship -RRB- in a lecture he gave to a church music class . I would recommend this book just behind GADSBY 'S HYMNS and HART 'S HYMNS .
 Incredibe book ! It was amazing how I obtained it , considering he only made it for a christmas gift for his loved ones . I reaches very deep and sometimes silly into Val 's mind . I did n't find any bats in there ! Holds a lot of truth as poetry does , and should be recognized if Mr. Kilmer would be more free about others reading it . As it is it 's very personal , great for the openminded Val fan :-RRB- Very worth the high cost !
 Val Kilmer definately put his heart and soul in to this book . The poetry is astounding , although sometimes hard to understand if you do n't know who he is . This gives you an insight to what goes on inside his mind . His points in the book are made and understood . I like this book very much .
 Val Kilmer put much of his heart and soul into his work . You can feel his feelings while reading through the poetry . Some of it may be a bit hard to understand if you do not know the man personally but you get the general idea of what he wants to get accross .
 I 'm astonished that this book is available , but I 'm not sure that I am glad . It would be wonderful to be able to read it because it is such a personal glimpse into the author 's perceptions and creativity . It is always such a pleasure to see a human being as a human being rather than as a `` star , '' to recognize other facets and talents than the ones most publicized and most familiar . To be read rather than seen is , perhaps , more of an homage to human spirit and creativity than to superficiality.I also acknowledge some reticence to invest . If this book were meant to be a personal gift for loved ones , I would be intruding into the author 's personal life , subverting his original intentions , and violating his boundaries . I have to stick to my values . If I value the feelings and privacy of the author more than my own interest , I need to refrain.I would love it if the author felt comfortable enough to share this work with the public , but I do n't want to disrespect this person 's boundaries .
 I have never been interested in poetry until I learned that one of my all time favorite actors , Val Kilmer , wrote and self-published his own book of poetry in a very limited edition copy run . Supposedly there were 2000 released , but I 've heard rumors like many that there were in fact only 100 published . Either way , the man is a genius in many ways
 This book , which I read soon after it was first published , takes the reader on a true journey of the soul . It is written in the first person and allows you to travel with a person who has just died and begins his travels outside the body . It is so well written and so life changing that you feel suspended in space and time while you read it . Its like no other book that I 've ever read . The first two times that I read it I cried so hard that I had to go outside so I would n't wake my parents . It has such an incredible anointing that it feels like it was written by God Himself.I recommend it highly to those who wish a spiritually trancendent experience .
 Prof. Greenberg is an incredibly gifted teacher with a passion for his topic that is infectious . Despite the length of this great sweeping course , you will likely find it flying by much too quickly and will want to get Prof. Greenberg 's other courses to satiate the hunger he creates in you for good music . This is not the highbrow effeminate music appreciate course stereotype you might expect , this is scientific , and at times irreverent , entertaining , foot-tapping , wit and wisdom that will enlighten your thinking and deepen your love for music with knowledge . This has to be , without doubt , the most enjoyable music lectures available - even if music is not your primary interest . Listen to just one lecture and I think you too will be hooked .
 Through this wonderful compact book and its exercises , readers are able to identify the names of pharaohs and their queens . They will actually translate curses and other inscriptions , and will be transported to Egypt with short visits of the pyramids , the sphinx , the Temple of Hathor at Dendera , the Temple of Hatsheptsut at Deir el-Bahri , the Colossi of Memnon , the Luxor and Karnak temples among many other monuments . In only 120 pages , the authors briefly explain the ancient Egyptian religion and the most important gods and goddesses . They also deal with hieroglyphs and their spelling and translation , reading numbers , and even a little hieroglyphic grammar . There is an answer page that provides a key to the various exercises . A short bibliography and chronology are provided at the end . With several black and white illustrations , this book is a must for any trip to this fascinating land , whether accompanied by a guide or alone .
 '' ~ Recently completed a first time trip of 15 days to Egypt . The trip was hosted by Ron Fellows of the Archaeological Institute of America . and co-arthor of the book Hieroglyphs for Travelers . Hieroglyphs for Travelers is a fun and handy tool to unravel the writings that date back 5000 years in ancient Egypt . Fascinating stuff ! Get the book it will make your trip even more enjoyable . Happy trips to Egypt . Zane Miller -- Dallas , Texas
 Based on the recommendation on this website , I took this book to Egypt this past summer 2001 , and was glad I did . By learning to recognize just a few hieroglyphs and pharaoh names -LRB- Ramesses II kept popping up ! -RRB- the different sites seemed to come alive . I was not just touring famous sites and being lectured too , I was attempting to understand the sites myself . It was really a great feeling . Our tour guide -LRB- a PhD student -RRB- asked to see the book that he saw me peering into almost every day . And , yes , the copy was sturdy and lasted from Abu Simbel to the interior of the Great Pyramid . Although my cargo pants were not large enough to acommodate it - the book was about 1/2 inch too wide . -LRB- Maybe that 's the difference between male and female pants ? -RRB- I thought seriously about trimming the pages so it would fit , but never got around to it.I had not studied any hieroglyphs before , but this book was great even for me . Pretty easy to understand the basics . I was n't expecting to decipher the Rosetta stone ; I just wanted a chance to see if I could recognize something!If you really want to be engaged in your tour , rather than be a passive tourist , take this with you.I only gave it 4 out of 5 , however , because I did find a couple of editorial mistakes , and they were not clear about how even the simplest pharoah names could vary , but that 's not a big deal .
 I was surprised that such a small book - it is a pocket guide that is actually pocket-sized ! - could hold such an ample amount of information . The text is concise without coming to the point of being enigmatic , and is replete with a quantity of valuable data on inscriptions , translations , etc. . In the span of four or five pages are presented the names and cartouches of many of the royalty . Presented as well are translations for other monument inscriptions . As someone who has studied hieroglyphic , I can whole-heartedly recommend this book as an invaluable aid to fill in the gaps . It is ` sine qua non ' - absolutely indispensable , for both journeying and armchair travellers to Egypt .
 There is so much great information in this little book ! I 've used it to learn hieroglyphs myself , and have also shared it with the elementary students I teach . I 'd highly recommend this book for anyone with an interest in Ancient Egypt .
 `` Hieroglyphs for Travelers '' by Mudloff and Fellows is a lovely pice of work . It is truly pocket sized , as advertised . I do have a couple of minor criticisms . Firstly , the photographs should be in color . It would have a lot more `` punch '' . I know that would would double the price , but it would be worth it ! Secondly , I do n't do n't think it was necessary to turn it into a text book , with tests . I think that would be very intimidating to the average tourist . However , I do look forward to a further , expanded volume -LRB- with tests and color photographs -RRB- . It does n't have to be pocket sized .
 The Dragonlings series is excellent . We first learned of the series through an Accelerated Reader list . My seven year old son was so excited about the book that we quickly located the rest of the books in the series . The characters are very appealing . The themes in the book are important for children -LRB- i.e. dealing with conflict , dealing with differences in people , questioning why things are always done a certain way -RRB- , and they are conveyed through humor , questioning characters , and interesting action . We are hoping that the author and publisher will agree to do more . My son was very sad when we got to the end of the final book .
 If you want to introduce the fantasy genre to a younger reader , I ca n't imagine a better starting place than this book . A lot of story is packed into this beginning chapter book . Although some profound issues are raised , I think what will appeal to most young readers is the adventure and the relationship between the boy and the new pet he brings home - which , in this case , happens to be a dragon ! Readers will no doubt want to read the rest of the books in this series which , though not as good , are certainly entertaining .
 My 8yr old daughter had to read Dragonling for school , we both enjoyed the connection the Dragon and Darek had made and the adventure they went on together . This summer I purchased Dragon in the Family but , did not realize it was the second in the series . We are enjoying this book as much as the first and now seeking the Dragon Quest . The stories are told in a way early readers can understand what they 've read and an excellent story line to keep you reading to the end .
 The Dragonling and its sequels remains one of the best examples of high fantasy for young people that I have ever had the pleasure to read . It is engaging and fun enough to keep younger readers interested , and beautiful enough to be appreciated and enjoyed many years later . The characters are dimensional and understandable ; the plot is gripping , new , and a great deal deeper than it appears on the surface . These books first introduced me to the concept that dragons did not have to be brutal animals OR plush and ridiculous characters . The dragons form an important part of the story without degenerating into sidekicks.The story takes place on the world of Zoriac , in a village that has for generations been defined by the dragonquests -- ritual hunts undertaken by the men of the village to `` protect their families '' from the threat of the nearby Valley of Dragons . Derek , the young protagonist , desperately wants to go along with his brother Clep and his father , but is still too young to take part . Discovering an orphaned dragonling with the corpse of its mother , the boy makes the decision to take the little creature back to its home -- a decision that sparks the ire of the villagers and eventually a perilous adventure involving kidnapping , the last remnants of a species , a barbaric kingdom in the mountains , slaves , superstition , an outcast king , and one boy 's journey to teach his people the truth about their predjudices . A truly stirring story!The Dragonling books skillfully replace the required romance aspect of adult high fantasy with the notion that boys and girls can be friends and equals . Apart from that detail , these books have every bit as much scope as the other fantasy greats ; I simply can not recommend them highly enough . I hope that any future readers out there will enjoy them as much as I have !
 My little girl is a HUGE dragon and dinosaur fan . This book , although she read it for school , she loved it . We read it once every 2 weeks , she now has certain lines memorized and loves to read it with me .
 DragonlingsThink heavens the men are back from hunting dragonsThis book is about a kid who found a rare baby blue dragon . He 's trying to save theDragons from his Dad and the tribe . Because they slayDragons . That boy is also trying to get the dragon a Mom to take care of the dragon.I think the author purpose for this book is that it does n'tMatter if your different or not . I give this book 5 stars because if you like adventuresYou should read this book DragonlingsbyDawson
 Dragonling is a great book . It 's centered around a boy named Darek . Darek always wanted to slay a dragon now he gets the chance he always wanted . He finds a blue dragon one of the rarest dragons in the land . Darek takes the dragon back to his home but the village people did not want the dragon in their town . Does the dragon stay or go back to his island ? To find out what happens read Dragonling by Jack French Kollier . This book is for sixth graders but the author uses small words for any 4th or 5th grader . I really like the illustrations in the book as well . check it out !
 I loved reading these nonsense rhymes again after many years . Glad it was available again .
 Stacy is wrong , anyone who has seen the spongebob epesode where he looks in other people 's dreams will remember Gary 's quoted poem `` There once was a man from Peru , who dreamed he was eating his shoe . The man awoke with a fright , in the middle of the night , to find that his dream had come true . '' and wanted to find works like it -LRB- myself , for one -RRB- will love this book.I 'm writing this for people who , like myself , have no idea what this book is about untill you read it , because of some idiot 's belief that `` This book has been formatted from it 's original version ... '' is some magic phrase that tells us what the book is about.This book has dozens of hilarious short stories in miniture peom form . Here is an example of some of my favorites . `` There was an old man of Quebec -- a beetle ran over his neck ; But he cried `` With a needle , I slay you O beadle ! '' That angry old man of Quebec . '' `` There was an old man with a poker , who painted his face a red ochre . When they said `` You 're a guy ! '' he made no reply , But knocked them all down with his poker . `` and my favorite of them all , which any spongebob fan would love , `` There was an old man of Peru , who watched his wife make stew ; but once , by mistake , in a stove she did bake , that unfortunate man of Peru . ''
 He is the best of all writers of nonsense verse . He wrote &#34; The Owl and the Pussycat &#34; The Nonsense ABCs &#34; , and numerous limmericks.dwahl
 Great book funny amazing it 's also good for children and teens and even adults I love this app good bye
 we purchased this book during the holiday . Then my daughter and I cuddled together in the couch and took turns reading the book aloud . We laughed a lot . This is just some silly rhyming fun .
 I love this amazing book and I recommend it to everyone !!!!!!! It is the most coolest book ever !!! Please buy if you want to be happy !!!
 I came to know some of the limericks by Edward Lear when I bought a book to my child aged seven at the time , a long time ago , a book in Italian edited by a long-since disappeared publishing house , in a series called `` Tantibambini '' -LRB- many children -RRB- . It contained the translation of some of Lear 's best rhymes rendered in Italian . Each written page was matched by a drawing which pictured the main character of the limerick , in a grotesque and funny way , in garish colours . It was to my mind a small masterwork . We laughed so much at night looking at the book and reading the absurd descriptions of incredible creatures , that those memories are among the sweetest of that period long past . And after so many years I just came to believe that those obstreperous heteroclite old men and women -LRB- most are old , seldom are they young -RRB- are after all the most realistic one could describe , as this world is just so topsy turvy that what at first may seem most absurd is just the most realistic of the pictures of what exists , body and soul , under a slim cover of apparent seriousness . It is a marvellous landmark in the English tradition of nonsense , which is completely lacking in the Italian culture , of course for historical reasons - but one misses it . But recent history could just show that nonsense , in Italy , is just everyday chronicle . A most enjoyable little precious book .
 As soon as I read # 1 I could n't help not reading # 2 . This is a great book for children and adults and will keep you very entertained . I just got a kindle this Christmas and I really do recommend this . So glad it 's free ! What are you waiting for ?
 I 'm going to review this briefly as a book for children , which is what it is . I read most of this to my 3-year-old -LRB- including all the limericks and most of the poems , and a little of the other stuff -RRB- . As long as I did n't read it too often , my son was usually game for this . He liked it but he did n't love it to pieces . The nonsense and silliness certainly appeals to silly little kids , and why should n't it ? And as far as I 'm concerned , it 's excellent , and deservedly considered classic children 's lit. , but frankly , I did n't think it was five-stars great . The conceits and poetry are not always exactly inspired , and the illustrations are pretty crude , although plenty entertaining . `` The Owl and the Pussycat '' -LRB- which we 've read many times -RRB- and some of the limericks are definitely five-star selections in any case.At $ 5 , this is a nice cheap edition . It would help if the pictures were in color , but I gather you 're getting it closer to what was published in the 19th century here .
 Edward Lear 's nonsense is of the best . Read it aloud ! Your kids will amaze you by how fast they can begin to recite along with you ! If you remember `` The Owl and the Pussycat '' from your childhood , you owe it to yourself and your children to share it and `` The Jumblies '' with them .
 This is a very well presented hardback containing the best of Edward Lear . Perhaps not as complete as Holbrook Jackson 's Complete Edward Lear , it nevertheless contains his best work , including A Book Of Nonsense , Limericks , alphabets and his most well-known poems , The Dong With The Luminous Nose , The Quangle Wangle Quee , and The Jumblies . The author 's quaint illustrations are well reproduced throughout.The reason this book is so important to comedy is that the incluence on people like Spike Milligan , Beyond The Fringe , and of course Monty Python 's Flying Circus is clear . Lear was obviously the 19th century precursor to those humourists . Lear brings an educated and intelligent angle to his humour just as his successors did , and his talent as a poet and artist make this collection much more than just a collection of ` nonsense ' !
 Wow . I 'm so glad this book still exists ! This was a book I must have checked out from the library over a dozen times as a kid . Lots of fun .
 I can see why Stacy of California thinks this is a weird `` incomprehendable '' book . The word is `` incomprehensible '' Stacy . It takes a person of a proper old-fashioned education to appreciate this fine piece of classic literature . We oldsters do n't get weird modern art either , or some of the wacky movies Hollywood gives awards to but no one can imagine why .
 If you are looking to spend some time with a little nonsense , then get this book . And the Kindle book is actually free!ThejendraAuthor - Become a Dictator
 Ivory answers the questions that every individual wants to know the answer to . We are told if we are good , we go to heaven and if we are bad we go to hell , yet we are faced everyday with good and bad thoughts within ourselves . Ivory 's book helps us to understand how we were created and why we are dealing with both good and bad thoughts within ourselves . He helps us understand god 's purpose for creating us . He also helps us to understand why our thoughts are so powerful and how our thoughts define our actions . It is a wonderful and inspiring book that keeps me focus on who I am and on my purpose for being here.This book gives us the best explanation of our purpose in life and it is an inspiration to live life more abundantly . I recommend this book for readers who need to understand why things are the way they are .
 Legal Planning for Your Parents is an easy to read resource for families needing guidance on elder care issues . The booklet provides information on legal issues facing families who are planning ahead for their parents long term care , and those who need to make informed decisions quickly . The booklet also helps you recognize the emotional issues of planning/caring for your parents as a adult child or family . Legal Planning provides practical tips , a place to write notes , and resources for more information . While this booklet does not replace the advice of a legal professional , it does help you figure out what you need to ask and how to go about advocating for your parent -LRB- s -RRB- in the legal and health care system . I 'd recommend this booklet for adult children and their siblings , work/family or human resource professionals , and companies who provide resources to their employees to manage family issues and work .
 `` Perfect '' This book was incredibly helpful . I am just beginning to put my portfolio together and this book helped immensely . I found out what type of photos I should have , how they should be displayed , etc. . Great Book !
 This is a worthwhile purchase . Initially I hesitated buying it but the information is extremely helpful even for the most seasoned professional photographer . If you are starting out this is invaluable .
 great book . helped me a lot with getting my portfolio together although a little outdated . Enjoy .
 Gore Vidal takes you across more than a thousand years of Venetian history ___ from its improbable origins as a safe haven from the marauding hordes of Attila the Hun -LRB- 5th century AD -RRB- , through a thousand years of the great Venetian Republic -LRB- `` The Serene Republic '' ! -RRB- ____ down to its present day status as a tourist Mecca . Vidal garnishes his observations of the city and its people with characteristic irreverant humor.The pace of the book is pretty informal with short chapters devoted to the origins of Venice , its geography , the great mercantile Venetian empire which lasted over a millenium , the flowering of arts
 Many coffee table books are pretty but have vapid text.Not this one.The pictures are splendid , and the text weaves them all together . Even the picture-captions -LRB- by Vidal -RRB- are witty and intriguing.Vidal , with his wide historical knowledge , not only of Europe but of the U.S. , is able to describe the development of Venice in a truly engaging way . The facts are there , presented as sweetly as the lovely pics .
 I am making a faux travel journal and wanted some information about Venice along with photos . I found the book very well written , with a thread running through it as Gore Vidal searched for an ancestor that might have been a doge .
 very good pictures which reminded me of a recent trip to Venice . Good descriptions and history written by Vidal . Worth the price which was used book in excellent shape .
 The book arrived in a punctual manner . The quality was precisely as described , almost new . I was especially impressed by the quality of the packing , the book had been painstakingly wrapped with bubble wrap and taped .
 I borrowed a copy of this book from a friend who said it only had 2 readings.When my `` used '' copy arrived through Amazon , it was like new , even betterthan my friend 's . I am very pleased .
 Vidal examines Venice in part because he has Italian ancestors , as he explains in the book . `` Vidal in Venice '' is rich in photographs that even 20 + years after they were taken are interesting -LRB- perhaps more so as they age -- snapshots of a now-sinking city ? -RRB- , and is richer yet with Vidal 's style and , in places , opinion and wit . It 's the Vidal touch that makes this book far better than the standard coffee table product . Yet , Vidal 's perspective never overwhelms the story of Venice , complete with many facts and milestones relating to the city history . He deftly keeps the city itself on center stage from the first page to the last . He is merely a guide , but -- one suspects after having read the book -- probably one of the most interesting ones , certainly among American writers , in the modern era .
 we just love halloween and we like this book cause it has some very cool things to make and we like to add different things each year . plus it is a very fun way to get the whole family involved and have some fun and grow stronger . thanks
 Why buy this when you can just go off and buy something like the `` norton '' edition or some other `` complete works '' ? Well , people who know a little about Whitman know that there were many versions of Leaves of Grass -LRB- as many as 8 or so -RRB- and that with each edition , Whitman was constantly revising and in many ways , neutering his own poetry . By his last `` deathbed '' edition , nearly all of the earlier controversial material had been obscured or even removed . These `` authorized versions '' fall short of displaying the true mastery of poetry that Whitman possessedThis is where this book stands above all other Whitman collections . This book fully restores many of his most creative and groundbreaking poetry * in their original forms . * It is like night and day . I was shocked all over again when I read the Calamus section as Whitman originally wrote it . With the veil of Whitman 's later `` moralization '' removed , I saw for the first time the true soul of a genuine American poetic genius . This book gives us back what was once lost.I might suggest that this book , not being a totally complete collection of his poetry , be the perfect companion to whatever edition you currently own . For other poets especially , this book will give you an incredible insight into one of the greatest -LRB- if not * the * greatest -RRB- American poets .
 There was a time I did n't much care for Whitman 's poetry -- what seemed to me its self-conscious pretentiousness was a turn-off . -LRB- Whitman himself acknowledged that his style was all-too readily parodied . -RRB- It was only when , 30 years ago , I heard Rip Torn read it , I began to acknowledge its power and originality . Nevertheless , I was still bothered by an overly self-aware , `` straining for effect '' quality -- until I found this collection.Gary Schmidgall has done what should have been done a century ago . His collection , comprising half of Whitman 's poems -LRB- about 80 % of the total number of lines he wrote -RRB- , restores them to their first versions in the correct chronological sequence.We now hear Whitman speaking to us with his original animal vigor . Whitman himself admitted this
 What are characteristics of Leaves of Grass that are uncommon in literary masterworks ? It was originally published anonymously . It was originally self-published . Whitman paid to have it printed & bound . While most books are published and never significantly revised , `` L of G '' was a lifelong work in progress , revised repeatedly , changing as the author changed . There are many `` Leaves of Grass '' publications for sale . I recommend this version for the following reasons : a -RRB- The poems are presented in groupings , showing the development of the poetry collection over Whitman 's lifetime , from the brief 1855 first edition , through the many different editions , up to the expansive 1991-92 edition . This edition focuses on the first version of each poem before Whitman 's later versions `` toned down '' some of his verse.b -RRB- In addition to introductory comments , this edition includes the various prefaces , unpublished introductions , & `` A Backward Glance O'er Travel 'd Roads '' from the original `` L of G '' publications.c -RRB- It includes Ralph Waldo Emerson 's famous congratulatory letter and Whitmans ' reply letter.d -RRB- It includes contemporary reviews -LRB- including those written by Whitman himself -RRB- from 1855 to 1891e -RRB- It includes a historical timeline of Whitman 's life.f -RRB- It is a large page format , easy to read , splay out , underline , and write in the margins.g -RRB- It includes one version of many of the Leaves of Grass poems . If this version also included many of the revisions , showing the edits of the poems , I would like this version even more -LRB- look at Bartleby 's online for more information about the various versions of each poem -RRB- . Leaves of Grass is `` too much '' for many people . It can be critiqued as hyperbole and excess . To suggest it is not in praise of overt sexuality would be like suggesting to mothers that babies still come from storks . To suggest it is not about homosexuality and bisexuality would be like suggesting 101 Dalmations is n't about puppies . In fact , when I think of Whitman , the word `` too '' is the most common word that comes to mind . He is too ____ -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- . What inspired this man to create this landmark American sexual and emotional statement ? Many things . Paramount among those things was Loss . Loss of old loves
 To date , I think I own about four different copies of Whitman 's grand opus `` Leaves of Grass '' . One is a deathbed edition , printed in 1922 , that is hardcover yet pocket sized and great for a backpack . The second is an 1855 reprint of a `` first edition '' sold by a major bookstore chain . The third is another 1855 reprint in paperback . And now the fourth , which is this one , and without a doubt , the best of the bunch!Walt Whitman , throughout his years , wrote and rewrote Leaves of Grass many times , for each subsequent reprint . Much of the later editions of the book become watered down and less potent , according to editor Gary Schmidgall , of which I heartily agree . The final `` deathbed '' edition of Leaves of Grass , released around the time of Whit 's death , varies tremendously from the rich dance of the first edition , in fact , the first three editions.After reading Schmidgall 's amazing book , `` Walt Whitman
 I was an English major and WW was always one of my top five poets . His work is nearly peerless . That said , the only anthologies of his work that I could find were so academic and over-edited that I never had the privilege of reading his ACTUAL words until I picked up this edition in a small bookstore . I had no idea how ` racy ' his poems were , but as you read it you realize how much passion he had for the subjects he wrote about -LRB- the body , Abe Lincoln , sex -RRB- . I 'm glad I hung onto my Modern Library edition of his works so I can compare it to this and appreciate how much more ` real ' his words come across in this edition . If you 've always been a WW fan , buy this , you wo n't regret it .
 Nothing to add to the excellent reviews above -- this is the truest and best version out there -- but the paperback cover is flimsy and warped almost immediately . I recommend getting the hardback , used or otherwise .
 I think this may be the best of the Mars series . Although Thuvia 's emotions are discussed like a man 's , she is a character in her own right . She is also given the tough choice between her life and embracing another ruler . The romance in this story also seems more enchanting than the rest of the Mars series , but perhaps it 's because we see Burrough 's attempt at the woman 's point of view through her own thoughts instead of the abstractions he uses to describe previous character 's desires , like those of Dejah Thoris . Granted , Burroughs is n't perfect in that his women think and react like slightly more feminine versions of his male characters and do what is expected of them , but the attempt makes his women certainly seem more human than before . In short , this novel is one I would recommend to anyone reading Burroughs for the first time , especially a female reader , because it has both the adventure and fighting his novels always have and realistic characters which they often lack .
 As a long-time ERB fan , I have always favored the Mars series -LRB- right behind the Pellucidar series -RRB- . As a youth , when I first bought the book , I had my doubts ; having cut my ` martian teeth ' on Pricess and Warlord . However , true to Burroughs style , the action picked up quickly and was on par with the other books in the series . A great read .
 Been intending to track down a copy of this one for some time . Ballantine Books had contracted for twelve covers , in anticipation of two additional volumes -LRB- to the ten released so far in book format -RRB- from the previously uncollected Barsoomian material . They turned out to fit into one , entitled John Carter of Mars ; so , when Ballantine reprinted the series , they substituted this `` number 12 '' for `` Thuvia and Komal '' that had been used on TMoM , volume four of the first printing . It gives a superb view of the interior and controls of a small flyer ; and it 's especially nice to tidy up another gap in my Mars stuff , now that there 's finally a real chance of a John Carter movie before I die .
 This book takes a drastic change in pace from the first three Martian Tales stories . This book focuses on Carthoris , the son of John Carter -LRB- who was the main character of the other books -RRB- . When Thuvia of Ptarth is kidnapped , it 's up to Carthoris to save her . Along the way the two wind up in a bizzare lost city where what is real and what is not real is disputed.It 's an odd story with the old cliches . Thuvia is the classic damsial-in-distress , nearly being suduced by bad men three seperate times , rescued right before it 's too late . Lots of epic sword fighting . The mystery of far-away worlds and lands . It 's not as good as the first three books , but it 's a fun little chapter in the series . I recommend you read it and decide for yourself .
 It took the first three volumes of his Martian series for Edgar Rice Burroughs to get his hero John Carter , former cavalier of Virginia , and Dejah Thoris , princess of Helium to the point where they could live happily ever after . Satisfied with the combination of romance and pulp adventure , this fourth Martian novel turns to the next generation of Barsoomians . Cathoris , son of the Warlord of Mars and his beloved princess , is but one of two princes and a Jeddak who are seeking the hand of the Thuvia of Ptarth . When she is kidnapped by the sinister Prince Astok of Dusar , the entire planet is about to be thrown into a bloody war and Cathoris has to follow in his father 's footstep and deal with savage beasts and phantom armies as he rescues Thuvia and saves Barsoom from a costly war . Of course , by the time he catches up with his beloved , Cathoris finds the situation is slightly more complicated than he thought , mainly because ERB never provides a smooth ending for his couples when he can avoid it . `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' was originally serialized in `` All-Story Weekly '' in April 1916 , which explains the novel 's subtext about world war , since one was going on in Europe at that point in time . The original title was `` Cathoris , '' but apparently when it was published as a novel in 1920 somebody wised up and changed it . Thuvia is not as great a name as Deja Thoris , but it is not bad . In many ways this is like the previous novel , `` The Warlord of Mars , '' where the hero chases his beloved across the landscape of Barsoom and has to deal with green men and white apes . Fortunately , unlike ERB 's Tarzan series , `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' is really the only time that repeats himself like this in the Martian series , which stands out as his best as he proves in the next and most inventive volume in the series , `` Chessmen of Mars . ''
 Romantic , full of action and rich dialogue and imagery , this series will last forever -LRB- despite the epic fail of the Disney movie -RRB- .
 In creating John Carter and Carthoris , Burroughs really bent over backwards to create two testosterone-laden dudes who do n't really have a lick of common sense between them . Burroughs expended most of his creative energy in developing situations in which our heroes have victory snatched away at the last instant . Thuvia , Maid of Mars is Carthoris 's solo debut , and it 's A Princess of Mars all over again , with the names changed to protect the terminally inept . All jokes aside , these books certainly are n't any worse than the serials shown to theater patrons in the Thirties and Forties . I read these in high school forty-odd years ago , and Kindle is the perfect way to revisit my youth . On to the Chessmen of Mars !
 For the past couple of weeks now , I have been reading Edgar R. Burroughs ' Barsoom novels . I find that they are indeed difficult to put down . So engrossed have I become that my wife is telling me that I 'm cheating on her with my kindle . What 's more to say ... nuff said !!!
 This is one of the first books I read that got me more into reading . I like the scenery that was seen through his eyes .
 Typical ERB Mars series , which I find light reading . Not too much depth or thought provoking , but nice escape from everyday .
 Follow John Carter 's son Carthoris on his first adventure in the series . It was a quick read for me that left me looking forward to the next book .
 If you like the John Carter series you 'll like this one . Unfortunately for me this was the last Burrough 's book about Mars . Guess I will have to read his Tarzan books .
 This is a great series . I read them all when I was young , and now I 'm enjoying re-reading them 30 years later . Absolutely classic stuff .
 My son watched John Carter the movie and then wanted to read all the books . Downloaded this one and all the rest . He read them and loved them !
 As with the series of John Carter , I enjoyed Thuvia very much . They are all great books of science fiction
 Love the style and writing of Burroughs . A return to the books I read as a child and young adult in the backwood communities and tourist meccas of Northern Canada . Brings back many fond memories and seems to let the imagination flow freely and to another world , or place and time . A wonderful book .
 I have enjoyed all the Edgar Rice Burroughs novels in the Barsoom series . This one did not disappoint . Very enjoyable all the way thru .
 `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' is the 4th of 11 John Carter novels from the pen of Edgar Rice Burroughs . It first appeared in April 1916 , as a three-part serial in the magazine `` All Story Weekly . '' This is the first Carter novel that does not feature John Carter himself as the central character ; he only makes a brief cameo appearance early on . Instead , the action mantle is taken up by Carthoris , Carter 's son , but fortunately , Carter Junior turns out to be just as good a swashbuckler as the old man . In this installment , Princess Thuvia of Ptarth has been kidnapped by the spineless Prince Astok of Dusar , which abduction almost causes a world war on Barsoom -LRB- Mars -RRB- . Young Carthoris , in his quest to free his beloved princess , runs across deserted cities , a forgotten kingdom , banths -LRB- 10-legged Barsoomian lions -RRB- , ethereal warriors , mucho swordplay , giant white apes , and on and on . As is usual for these books , the amount of action that Burroughs packs into a small compass is quite surprising . Whereas previous Carter books seem to read more like fantasy/fairy tales than science fiction , this installment veers even more to the fantastic , mainly in the use of those phantom warriors just mentioned . These bowmen are called up from the minds of the remaining members of the lost city of Lothar , and have no `` real '' concrete existence . However , their arrows can still kill . In this book we also get , for the first time , a nice , detailed look at life in Helium ; what the people do , how they live and the like . We also receive a biological explanation of how Carthoris , who was 10 years old but a seeming adult in the previous books , got to be that way . The worldwide peace that apparently prevails at the end of book 3 , `` The Warlord of Mars , '' is shown in this volume to be not as widespread as was inferred , which makes for some nice tense situations . So this is a good , fast-moving , detailed entry in the series.There are some minor problems of inconsistency and fuzzy writing , however , although not as prevalent as in previous entries . For example , in one scene , Carthoris is said to be fighting a force of a dozen Dusarians ; three of these are killed , and so three are left . Huh ? Carthoris seems to know exactly where to find water in the dead city of Aaanthor , despite the fact that he has never been there before . Wha ? Vas Kor , one of Carthoris ' chief enemies , fails to recognize him merely because Carthoris is dirty , tired and covered with blood ; this is just a bit hard to swallow . Perhaps worst of all , the book ends extremely abruptly , just as all of Barsoom is about to be plunged into that world war . We never learn the fate of several of the main villains , nor do we see the end of hostilities as the realization of the true facts becomes known . This is a short book , and would not have suffered by the addition of such scenes to make it more satisfying . Still , this is a fun entry in the John Carter series , one that all lovers of fast-moving fantasy should enjoy .
 I first read this book and this series some 52 years ago ... I recently dug them out and had another go . They are as fun now as they were then . Burroughs ' style is absolutely great and needs to be savored . The books are action packed and certainly reflet a time in our society long past . I feel to understand current SiFi and S&S , you really need to start during this time period . We certainly have come along way , in may ways , but it is very evident that this writer and his contemporaries certainly had a profound influence on what we are getting today . This are books for little boys and girls and thank goodness I have enough of that little boy in me to still enjoy them .
 It took the first three volumes of his Martian series for Edgar Rice Burroughs to get his hero John Carter , former cavalier of Virginia , and Dejah Thoris , princess of Helium to the point where they could live happily ever after . Satisfied with the combination of romance and pulp adventure , this fourth Martian novel turns to the next generation of Barsoomians . Cathoris , son of the Warlord of Mars and his beloved princess , is one of two princes and a Jeddak who are seeking the hand of the Thuvia of Ptarth . When she is kidnapped by the sinister Prince Astok of Dusar , the entire planet is about to be thrown into a bloody war and Cathoris has to follow in his father 's footstep and deal with savage beasts and phantom armies as he rescues Thuvia and saves Barsoom from a costly war . Of course , by the time he catches up with his beloved , Cathoris finds the situation is slightly more complicated than he thought , mainly because ERB never provides a smooth ending for his couples . `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' was originally serialized in `` All-Story Weekly '' in April 1916 , which explains the novel 's subtext about world war , since one was going on in Europe at that point in time . The original title was `` Cathoris , '' but apparently when it was published as a novel in 1920 somebody wised up and changed it . Thuvia is not as great a name as Deja Thoris , but it is not bad . In many ways this is like the previous novel , `` The Warlord of Mars , '' where the hero chases his beloved across the landscape of Barsoom and has to deal with green men and white apes . Fortunately , unlike ERB 's Tarzan series , `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' is really the only time that repeats himself like this in the Martian series , which stands out as his best as he proves in the next and most inventive volume in the series , `` Chessmen of Mars . ''
 It 's hard to describe the fulfillment one feels after reading anyone of the books in Burrough 's series . The complete dominance of honor , and the constant heroism and adventure in these books is heart warming , as well as thrilling . In this part of the series , somewhat to my dissappointment , John Carter is no longer telling the story , but his son , Carthoris , is . Readers of the first three books do n't be alarmed however ! Carthoris is `` just as good a story teller as his father . '' And the story is just as exciting .
 Sometimes I get the impression the John Carter books served as the blueprints for many Star Trek
 More similar in its simplicity to a Princess of Mars than Gods/Warlord . John Carter 's son engages in search for abducted Thuvia , while he remains the prime suspect in her abduction . Usual strange meetings and stranger neighborhoods , but this story is a little less frenentic than Gods/Warlord , and both Carthoris and Thuvia are solid characters .
 This is an amazing read ! Edgar Rice Burroughs must have had a time machine to write such astonishing works . I had to actually watch the movie `` John Carter '' to get turned on to Burroughs works . Save a lot of money by purchasing these works from Amazon . I had mine almost instantly with my Kindle , which I absolutely love .
 This is one of the John Carter series that grabs you and holds you thru to the end with non stop action .
 This is the fourth book in the John Carter/Barsoom series written by Edgar Rice Burroughs . In this story , the son of the Warlord of Mars , Carthoris of Helium , searches for and finds the Princess of Ptarth , Thuvia . As if it is not enough to fight strange creatures , the reader is also introduced to several new characters.This story continues the fighting adventure and fantasy of the series . Although John Carter is not a prominent character throughout this book , Dejah Thoris and John Carter 's son is . Since Carthoris has inherited much of the speed , strength , and intelligence of the earth man , the story loses none of its excitement.In my humble opinion , this book loses none of the excitement we saw in the first three books . I like the fantasy the author has created , and this volume adds to that . We are once again introduced to new areas of Barsoom , and new species and cultures . How wonderful to be able to find new life forms when traveling across your own planet . For all the advancement we see on Barsoom , we find the people are sometimes less informed than the average earth man.I am still amazed by the fact that the author had such an active imagination at the time he wrote this series . While rockets and airplanes were not yet usable , he puts us on a planet in the solar system with airplanes and lighter than air land vehicles . His explanations for life on Barsoom is almost plausible . Yet , his ability to show us how to have peace amongst tribes that have always warred could be an example even today . Is peace possible , in the midst of fighting and horrific weapons ? I do not have the answer , but perhaps it is something else to think about while reading these fantastic books .
 In `` Thuvia , Maid of Mars '' , the action in the series switches from the transplanted Earthman , John Carter , to his half red Martian son Carthoris . Thuvia , a princess from an allied city-state , was previously introduced into the series when she was rescued from the land of the dead by John Carter . Now Carthoris has fallen in love with her , as has a rival Prince with a decidedly dark plan on how to win Thuvia and dispense with his rival , Carthoris . Through a clever plot device , Carthoris is stranded in the Martian wilds , pursuing a green martian who has made off with Thuvia.Here is the reason for the missing star . At about this book in the series the plots start to become somewhat repetitive . After three books of John Carter chasing Deja Thoris around the planet to rescue her from this and that abductor , the very same plot is in play here , just with Carthoris and Thuvia instead.Still , the action is fast and furious , and Burroughs does n't slack up on his ability to describe one action sequence after another , each with a fresh style that keeps each scene fresh , even if the over-arching plot is not . Jules Verne and H. G. Wells get a lot of credit for their inclusion of technologies that eventually came to pass , but do n't overlook Burroughs in that regard . Here he does a good job of describing a device much like our current auto-pilots in airplanes.Overall , a fun read . However , if you are trying to read the entire series straight through , you risk burning out on the repetitive basic plot . Therefore I 'd recommend that you take a break between reading the first three books before taking up this one , and take breaks every other book or so for the rest of the series . After all , when originally written some of these books were published months to years apart , and those who read them in that manner did n't have the similarities pushed quite so strongly in their faces as we who can finish one and instantly begin to read the next .
 Thuvia , Princess of Ptarth is kidnapped by the minions of Dusar to start a war between Helium and Ptarth . Carthoris , son of John Carter , Warlord of Barsoom and Prince of Helium is the prime suspect , so he rushes headlong into harm 's way to rescue the woman he loves , who is promised to another . They stumble onto the city of Lotar , inhabited by a new race of Martians , the fair-skinned , auburn haired people , who can call up armies of the imagination . Carthoris fights his way through beasts and men in his effort to rescue the woman he can not have.Another great story from one of pulp fiction 's founding fathers , Edgar Rice Burroughs . His flights of fantasy inspired a generation of authors . His vision and imagination still present a more vivid and fresh fantasy world than most contemporary authors are capable of . OK , so the morals and values are nineteenth century . That 's not entirely bad . Honesty , honor , integrity , courage , self-restraint , commitment , and self-sacrifice are all values worth holding onto , despite the sulky , self-indulgent ramblings of many contemporary authors and most literary critics.Awesome stories from the best of yesteryear 's pulp writers!E . M. Van Court
 Thuvia , Maid of Mars is classic pulp science fiction.Our hero is framed for the abduction of princess Thuvia , so he goes to rescue her and clear his name.It 's also a pretty classic romance plot , with the hero and heroine in love with each other , but unsure how the other feels , and societal/political conventions standing in their way . * shhhh ... do n't tell .
 This is the fourth book in Edgar Rice Burroughs `` Mars '' series . John Carter only has a cameo in this book . The real star of the book is Carter 's son , Carthoris , along with his lady love , Thuvia . It 's a typical example of early 20th Century science fiction , although better written than the average sci-fi story . Thuvia gets kidnapped , Carthoris goes off to rescue her . Along the way , they discover another lost city of Mars -LRB- things like that happen a lot in these books -RRB- . If you are interested in early science fiction , this is an entertaining example of the genre .
 The edition specified was done for Quiet Visionby a third party and was discontiuned years ago . This edition 's cover is a reproduction of the original St. John dust jacket . All the originalSt . John interiors are present.Quiet Vision not longer uses outside printers and binders .
 A very nice classic about adventures of John Carter in Mars . It is the forth in Edgar Rice Burroughs ' Barsoom series .
 John Carter 's son is the main character of this book , and I would recommend to anyone who likes si-fi novels
 Loved the series and though it was written so long ago , it is still a great book to read . Awesome .
 For some reason , I find this the cleverest of the Barsoom series . If Disney opted to continue making John Carter movies , this one has great material for the screen .
 Burroughs is always worth the investment of a little time when you are in need a good escape from reality
 Awesome book . I 've read all of the books in this series . You will not be disappointed . Edgar Rice Burroughs is before his time as an author and I look forward to reading more form him .
 The series may have been written decades ago but they are still enjoyable to read . They also show what was known and not known about Mars . I guess that whats makes it kind of campy .
 This is great classic book . No illustrations , but that 's OK . The illustrated versions have only a few illustrations , and are really pretty corny .
 Read the John Carter of Mars series back in junior high school . I remembered the violence of the culture created by ERB in that series and the concept of honor in battle , but I had forgotten that there were underlying messages relating to family values , honesty , integrity , trust , the individual 's right to seek success , the strength to stand up for one 's own beliefs . While the storyline definitely is somewhat thin , the book reads easily and leaves no loose ends . Did n't see the recent movie that came out based on the series ; kind of glad that I did n't . It was fun venturing back into that realm of imagination that only books can provide .
 Product was delivered in just a few hours as promised . The book is typical Edgar Rice Burroughs and very predictable . Easy reading and somewhat enjoyable .
 This book is unnerving at first because it reaches into the subconcious actions that are exhibited by all astrological signs . By unveiling these actions one is better prepared in addressing his or hers patterns in relationships .
 Though not a fan of his astrological writings for Vanity Fair , this book is mind-blowing . I have had it for over 20 years -LRB- even had it rebound at Kinkos -RRB- . It has truly helped me reinterpret the motivation of countless people in my life in a way that 's helped me improve those relationships . It 's a book like no other in the way it helps me make sense of other people 's actions by understanding their point of view -LRB- have n't read his new book yet -RRB- .
 This a the book everyone should have - from serious students of the stars , to consultants , to people who know nothing at all about astrology . It 's brilliant , hilarious , and ORIGINAL . You wo n't find a lot of this information in any other astrology books and it is accurate -
 When you 're diagnosed with IBD , you have no idea what 's ahead . You 've been having problems and now you finally have a cause ... but no cure . It 's a sobering moment.I went to the major websites and found a book at the library -LRB- Jill Skylar 's First Year book -- a great starter -RRB- . I was beginning to learn what life with this disease was going to mean , but I still felt lost . I saw this book online and ordered it . I honestly was n't expecting much as I 've spent the last year reading books on Crohn 's that were either total medicalese or the basics I already knew . Cliff 's book turned out to be the book I was looking for ... it 's beyond the basics -LRB- What is this strange disease ? -RRB- and yet suitable for the layman . Additionally , it lets you hear the voices of many other sufferers . With this disease , it 's easy to feel like no one understands especially because many of us do n't `` look sick '' . Cliff covers all the major topics and does so with humor , compassion and hope . Read it if you 're newly diagnosed , have been suffering or want to understand someone that has been -- I consider it the most valuable book in my Crohn 's library.Thank you , Cliff .
 This book was the best one I have read on the subject of UC & Crohn 's Disease . I have done lots of research , on the Internet , the Library , talking to Doctors , and this one book answered all my questions . Whether you are looking for advice about drugs , surgery , food , working , insurance , or much more , this book has it all !!! I would strongly recommend adding it to your library .
 Cliff 's book is one of the best I have ever read . It is factual , personal , inspiring and intimate . On behalf of everyone stiving to find a cure for IBD , thanks Cliff for all your hard work !
 This is a great overview of the current management and treatment of inflammatory bowel disease . It covers medication , surgery , diet , insurance , and more . All in all , a great starting point for the newly diagnosed and their friends and family . I 've bought a number of books on Crohn 's disease , and this is by far the best general overview I 've found .
 An excellent resource for people living with Inflammatory Bowel Disease and their loved ones . It 's like your own personal support group . The facts given about the diseases , including what to expect with various treatments and procedures , plus the personal insights offered by the many people quoted in the book are extremely useful . I highly receommend this book for anyone directly or indirectly affected by Crohn 's and colitis .
 I have been so impressed by this book . As a UC sufferer of many years , I really felt at home reading it . There were so many things that I could relate to ! The information is up-to-date and incredibly informative and helpful ! And the quotes from everyone are just great - they really touched my heart and helped me to know that I am not alone in my thoughts and feelings.For those with IBD , or their friends and family , this book is an exceptional addition to the library . If you buy nothing else regarding this disease , buy this one !
 Straight From The Gut is a must have resource for anyone with Crohn 's Disease or Ulcerative Colitis whether newly diagnosed or with longstanding disease . Additionally , family members , friends , or medical professionals involved in the care of these diseases must have this book.The book is organized in a fashion that allows the reader to quickly locate specific information with well thought out chapters . The sections reviewing the current medical science are up to the minute current , comprehensive , and very readable . Most readers will quickly become hooked on the information and style , and end up reading the book from cover to cover.Overall the tone of the book is one of empowerment for those who have these chronic diseases . The necessary information is provided to give one the tools to deal assertively with the medical system , insurance system , and the employment system . Balance is kept so that those more or less comfortable with managing these issues can find help in this book . The sections addressing personal relationships are honest and sometimes serious , but ultimately provide coping strategies and hope.My favorite part of the book is the use of true personal vignettes taken from interviews with numerous people and included on nearly every page . These bring the book and the information to life , and make the reader with ties to these diseases repeatedly say to themselves `` That is just like me '' .
 What an outstanding Book ! I cried and laughed knowing others share my experiences . Please share with professionals and family . This book was written by a genious with a gift for story telling that is not matched in this subject matter .
 Samantha Lucier , a mom of a daughter with Crohn ` sJuly 14th 2006Just What The Doctor Ordered -LRB- Or Should -RRB- ! Cliff Kalibjian 's book , ` Straight from the Gut
 This book was exactly what my partner and I needed to help us to overcome our tendency to stay in a comfortable rut . Our long-term relationship was harmonious , but it lacked emotional intimacy . Over time , I believe this led to a deadening of our eroticism as well . Playfully sharing our responses to the exercises in this book offered us the opportunity to get to know each other in new , deeper ways , helping us to move beyond our anxieties about authenticity . The result has been exciting , validating , and very much worth the journey which has led us into passion we 've never known together .
 When friends of mine were arguing recently about whether to raise their new baby with or without a conventional religious education , I gave them Lynn Powell 's Old & New Testaments . In Powell 's hands , the Bible stories and verses , mysteries and perils learned in childhood become a vital myth that colors and deepens almost every aspect of daily life , for both the child and the adult she becomes . One is tempted to conclude that the conditions of a Baptist upbringing are necessary and sufficient to make a poet-that this is the school all poets should go to . Of course , the material is well served by the observant imagination of the child Powell was and the keen intelligence , humor , and sure-footed craft of the adult poet who has clearly found her metier.Powell 's book , winner of the 1995 Brittingham Prize in Poetry , is organized in four parts representing the Old and New Testaments of the title , but not in the expected order
 Lynn Powell , Old and New Testaments -LRB- University of Wisconsin Press , 1995 -RRB- Wow . This is some seriously fine stuff.Lynn Powell 's first book of poetry -LRB- which won three awards , including the Norma Faber First Book Award -RRB- is a testament in every sense of the word . Do n't bother trying to tell the Biblical literalists , however . Powell 's volume focuses on the earthly , and how the spiritual relates to it ; this is the kind of stuff capable of making a person understand how the physical and the spiritual are intertwined , not exclusive.The four parts of the book go through four aspects of life -LRB- birth , sensual awakening , marriage , and death -RRB- , emphasizing the beauty and harmony of each , the spiritual aspect working with , but never dominating , the physical : `` Oh God , keep me a mediocre Mary!Dilute my children 's love with selfishness , let them refuse the treacherous kiss , never knowthe miserable cup . Make their lives long , happy , ordinary-and forgive the mother , reaching for Your hem , craving that miracle . '' -LRB- `` Raising Jesus '' -RRB- A wonderful book , highly recommended all around . ****
 This book answers hard questions regarding God and our existance in a way that is very racional . I could not find one thing that did n't have a logical explanation regarding the spiritual way of looking at things . It is bealtiful , positive , and only talks about love . It has helped me see life in a different way and respect God 's work . I learned that he is in charge at all times , protecting us , and will give us eternal life . This knowledge will help you cope better with every day life issues , tragedies , etc. . I hope everyone in the world would read this book and live accordingly , which will happen with time .
 The Gospel according the spiritism , by Allan Kardec , provides a broader view of life and answers many of the questions that we carry in our mind and soul since we were born . The reencarnation is a scientific fact but why it happens ? Could God be so mean to allow us undergo all the suffering that happens in this world ? Why there are people suffering on the streets and other do n't ? Is there a real justice ? If you have these questions inside your mind , you are one step ahead to face and understand the reancarnation process and WHY it happens . This book is definitively the first step for each of us became awarenes of the individual responsibility towards each other 's life . After reading it , you will be able to understand how to reach the real justice and love .
 I found this book to be an honest look at the world of hockey goaltending from mites to the pros . My son , who is a youth hockey goalie , enjoyed reading Robb 's history and hockey philosophy . A good book for all hockey goalie parents , especially those who are new to the goalie world .
 I first bought this book a few years ago when , by good fortune , I was in the middle of Denali National Park in Alaska in cabins with nothing around us for about 100 miles - true wilderness as I have never experienced it before or since . And , to me , this book brings me back to that peaceful , transcendent , truly wild place . I use it as a meditation book in the early morning . I have five that I read - the first four are about peace for me , human person , and they certainly have their place . But this little book I read last because it puts things in perspective and reminds me that I am not the center of anything at all . I buy them in quantity and give them away . It is such a beautiful book . The quotes are outstanding and are from some of our most eloquent naturalists , et al , and the peace that emanates from every reading can only be experienced , not described . It 's wonderful .
 This book is what to read when you have run out of steam , and just do n't know what to do with yourself anymore . It brings the best of your outdoors side out and lets you not forget the most peaceful places on earth . It also has stories and quotations that one would want to live by . It is amazing how it can make you feel , I do not know quite how to explain it . All in all , it gives motivation , reason to be , and expresses nature in ways not seen everyday . And the best part about it is , it is a collection of the most wonderual writers one could find ! It is enjoyable for everyone with a sense of adventure , love , and nature .
 This book contains many inspirational verses to stimulate thought and discussion . I find myself turning the pages over and over again . I love it !
 In designing an interfaith worship service for a scout outing , I was able to use many materials from this book . There are also things in it that are not necessarily suitable for a worship service , but certainly inspirational in respect to Nature and the Earth and our role in preserving them .
 I read from this book to my 6th grade science class on a daily basis . It introduces them to classic environmental literature and fosters a deep appreciation of our earth .
 The Earth Speaks is one of the most influential books I have ever read . When I was younger I used to attend New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Summer Camp . At camp , we always used to read excerpts from The Earth Speaks , which made me buy it . The book is great and its very educational and influential . A must have for nature lovers , as well as people who want to make a difference in the world .
 This book is appropriate for random reading , mediation and just to experience nature . Many of the selections make the reader appreciate nature more and also be more observant of the small and subtle beauty around them .
 I remember at camp our councelors read this a bedtime , and i used sit there and think about what was read . Then at closing ceremony they read a paragraph , this book has a tremendus effect on the way you think about life and the earth when your done reading it . I would recomend this to anyone not just environmentalists .
 This book is a great book for those who care about the earth . There are so many great quotes and stories that are still relevant to our societal values . We use this book at camp to open campers ' eyes to the world around them . The contents are a great inspiration and conversation starters .
 A Jesse Stuart Harvest is a collection of stories by Jesse Stuart . All the stories bring out his personality and the talking of the Old West . This book also has an introduction that narrates the life of the author , Jesse Stuart.I think this book is really good because it takes you on a trip through time and into a world of adventure . My favorite story was Snake Teeth because it has a lot of cliffhangers and adventure . I would recommend this book for 9 yrs.-adults because normally after 9 years of age you will understand the dialect in this book .
 `` A part of all you earn is yours to keep . '' `` But , is n't all mine to keep ! '' `` No , you must pay the butcher , the baker , and the candlestick maker '' , said Arkad , the Richest Man in Babylon.If one should read this book and not accumulate something while he/she is in their productive years , then there has truly been a failure born upon this planet called Earth . None of us are borned to be failures . Situations and circumstances toss us around so , and buffet us about so , until we lose our fight , our will to try , and to win . But , George Clason takes us back to Babylon , and ancient city known for its ' wealth , and culture . Arkad , the central character of the story , would be known as a Bill Gates , or an Admon Cashogi , or a J. Paul Getty , or an Aristotle Onassis of our time.The way Clason has written this book , you can and should imagine yourself right there in that time , attending Arkad 's classes , and doing the homework he assign to lifts men from poverty and misery , to wealth , and happiness , and success .
 This book provides insight into life at the fort and the men who created the post . But , it also helps to explain the war that prompted the fort 's creation.Good scholarship and interesting writing make this book worth checking out . Read it and then visit the Washington State Park called Fort Simcoe .
 The author wrote in the Foreword to this 1956 book , `` My reason for compiling this book has been to try and make it possible for anyone to quickly and easily find any important passage of scripture under any important subject , and yet have the book small enough to be easy for the missionary to carry with him at all times . `` The publisher 's Introduction to the book notes , `` For three years -LRB- Keith Marston -RRB- worked night and day with very little sleep to earn a living for his family , support his son on a Foreign Mission , and search scriptures and reference material for ` The Missionaries Pal '' ... Early morning on July 11 , 1956 , while en route to a crop dusting assignment ... he slumped over the controls of the plane and plunged to Earth . Two days previously he had thumbed happily through ` The Missionaries Pal ' and declared to his wife and visiting friends , ' I could n't add another thing to it . It is finished ! ' `` The book is arranged into 141 separate topics -LRB- see examples below -RRB- . Here are some quotations from the book : `` APOSTASY , HAD ALREADY STARTED : ... Only seven churches still remained that were worthy of mention in the book of Revelations -LRB- sic -RRB- and the seeds of apostasy were evident even in them . '' -LRB- Pg . 7 -RRB- -LRB- Pg . 7 -RRB- `` BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD
 I am impressed with the language and content of the Missionary Pal
 We were so excited to get this item . We have a missionary out right now and he requested it about 9 months ago but we had no success in finding it . UNTIL NOW ! I hade n't even thought of looking on Amazon . Great shipping and our missionary is finding this to be very handy . Thankyou !
 I 've wanted this book for a gift . It 's in excelent shape except for a dedication in side front cover , It alteady arrived today , which made me happier . This is &#34; Missionary Pal for Missionaries and Teachers &#34; . 1/11/13 .
 Book was recieved fast and in great shape , I needed this fast so I could send it to my son in China that is serving a mission and it came in time to send it with his Christmas package . thank you for your service
 If your idea of Western wear is John Wayne in chaps and creased 10 gallon hat - forget it . Rolling Stone Press Editor Holly George-Warren and clothing designer Michelle Freedman have produced a luxe look at Western garb that is more Las Vegas than Laredo.The iconic American cowboy typifies our country 's spirit to many , from New York City sidewalk stompers who have no saddles but don boots to diamond encrusted Grammy award winners who twang with the best of them.So , for those attracted by the lore and lure of ranching days , here is a photographed filled bow to all garb Western . It begins with the practical clothing needed by scours , traders , and ranch workers , then details how early movie stars such as Tom Mix , Gene Autry , Dale Evans and Roy Rogers spurred a popular trend in cowboy wear.That vogue was to later influence British rock musicians and high end fashion designers such as Ralph Lauren . `` There 's a little bit of cowboy in everybody , '' the foreword states and that would be seem to be true as the pages of How The West Was Worn reveal glimpses of tastefully displayed silver buckles , jauntily worn Stetsons , and rhinestone embellished rigs that never saw a range . - Gail Cooke
 A colorful and comprehensive examination of American style at it 's most iconic - the authors have done a wonderful job telling the story of how cowboy duds came to symbolize America the world over . A must have for anyone interested in the West , design , decorative arts , fashion , pop culture or Americana/American History . The book is gorgeously presented , expertly written and endlessly entertaining , the photography is beautiful , and the interviews are rare and revealing . From the plains and frontiers , to Buffalo Bill to the Hollywood Cowboy , Country & Western , Rock & Roll , the current fashion craze , the authors leave no cowpie unturned as they reveal how the cowboy hat became our collective unconscious . The most complete record of the lives and work of N. Turk , Rodeo Ben , and Nudie to date . How did the famed North Hollywood rodeo tailor get men in the 20th century to wear fanciful embroidered and rhinestoned creations , that became more and more elaborate in a competitive fervor to outshine each other ? -LRB- And how did Keith Richards cause him to draw the line ? -RRB- Find out . From the fanatical to the casual observer , and especially anyone who has ever bedazzled denim or worn a pair of cowboy boots , all will treasure this book .
 A wonderful wallow for a clothing collector ! A source of inspiration for an obsessed person who is likely to make his or her own clothing ! Marvellous images , beautifully printed , I love this book .
 This book has great images . I used it for clothing design inspiration and loved it . Lots of `` full on '' western clothes loaded with embroidery , sequins , etc. . I did not read a word of the text , merely used it for the photos .
 The publication was all I hoped it to be . Great western imagery , supportive history and commentary , objects nicely photographed and presented . Highly recommended as a resource and entertainment .
 I purchased this for a story I was writing about Santa Fe style . I will treasure this book for as long as I live . The photographs are wonderful , and the information the book provides will be useful forever .
 This book is fascinating for its images & history for me the Aussie , we just dont have these cowboy suits in our history , & as a sewer who makes cowboy shirts in Oz , it interested me greatly , I got a 2nd hand ex library book & it was mint . Seems like an invaluable keeper to me .
 We were very pleased with this cool book.The seller was very accurate in their description of the book.And we used them because of all their positive reviews and feedback.Delivery was very timely too !! Thanks Amazon !!!
 A very well-written and enjoyable read . You can never go wrong with Charlotte Lamb . Her books are always full of to-die-for heroes and beautiful , virginal heroines who save themselves for the men of their dreams . The story is funny and sexy ; the dialogue witty and the passion hot .
 Since my diagnosis with MS only a few weeks ago I searched for current information regarding this disease . I was pleased to find this book . It is extremely informative and answered many of my questions . To help you decide for yourself I have listed the table of contents.Acknowledgments , Chapter 1
 I bought this book two days after being diagnosed - it was so helpful in understanding what was going on , how to deal with specific symptoms , what to watch out for , etc. . It also explained the treatments - from the steroids to the ABC drugs . I sent sopies to my mom and dad because they were freaking out over the whole diagnosis and I didn ; t have enough strength for all of us . Knowledge is power and this one gives really good , up to date info - something critical in managing this disease .
 i was diagnosed w / MS last friday and my doctor basically spent 20 minutes total with me - that included looking at my final mris , doing a reflex test , throwing 4 perscriptions at me and saying yes , you have MS , go talk to the nurse to get IV steroids started . it was a terrible experience but i gladly had already ordered this book and a few others from Amazon and this one in particular i read from cover to cover to try to understand what was happening and what the next steps are . it gives a good overview of what ms is , how its diagnosed , what the causes are thought to be , managing and treating the disease according to symptoms as well as the interferon drugs , and it ends on a hopeful note which i needed at the time . this disease stinks but knowldge really helps you feel a sense of being in control rather than a victim . after reading it i sent copies to my parents to help them understand more too .
 I have read many resource and reference books over the years , and this is by far my favorite . Easy to read and understand , my questions have yet to go unanswered . An absolute must for the newly diagnosed , and a great quick reference for those of us more experienced .
 I thought this book was excellent . I read it in one sitting ! I only wish it was longer , because I found it it be informative and easy to read . It covers important and current information and left me wanting to read more from the author . It clears up the terms you hear all the time and gives examples so there is little confusion -LRB- unlike so many books -RRB- . If you are already very MS literate you might know most of what you will read in this book . IT IS DEFINATELY A GREAT BOOK TO START WITH OR TO GIVE TO FAMILY MEMBERS .
 I found this book to be very comprehensive
 When I was newly diagnosed this was one of the first books I bought . It helped me to understand terms used in MS , and also knowledge that gave me a small sense of control over the disease . Knowledge is power , and this helped me gain that feeling .
 This is one of the best books ever written for the patient . It explains in clear and concise language all aspects of concern . I have it close at hand and anytime I have a question , 9 times out of 10 it is in the book . A must read for a newly diagnosed person . I call it my bible of MS. In it is a brief history of the disease and right up to the most up to date treatment options . Absolutely love it .
 If you only buy one book about this horrible disease , this is the one . Written by an MD in an easy-to-understand style .
 This book is a slice of Lewis ' mind . As a compilation of essays between 1940-1945 , you would think that it would be dated . Yet , Lewis characteristically merges the timely with the timeless , which makes this tome a book for all seasons.Each chapter is an isolated essay , but all revolve around the themes established in `` Abolition of Man . '' These include the elimination of absolute values , the effects of literature on character education , and so forth.Intermixed with these heavy and pressing topics , however , are two essays , `` Hedonics '' and `` Talking About Bicycles . '' There are about mere pleasures and the simple delights of existence . You can taste and feel his sense of life and his sense of delightful please in common day things . Lewis is no curmudgeon , but something else-a mixture of rugged Elijah and tender Elisha.Lewis , as a literati , amateur historian , and an ex-pagan , has a good eye for decadence . Indeed , his was a warning voice that SHOULD have been headed . We are so far downstream that it would take several C. S. Lewises to effect a turnabout . This may be impossible , but at least we can start with ourselves.This is not the best book for Lewis neophytes . Start with the anthology `` A Mind Awake , '' and stick with the `` Five Classics , '' and `` Abolition of Man . '' Then work your way through `` Weight Of Glory '' and `` God In The Dock . ''
 This collection of writings about a variety of topics -LRB- published for the first time in book form -RRB- was a pleasure to read . Walter Hooper has done his usual fine job of editing these essays , which partially answer the question , `` Well what other sorts of things was Lewis interested in besides literature and theology ? '' As the title suggests , the things that caught Lewis 's attention continue to be present concerns for our world today .
 With the recent Narnia movie , cranking out Lewisiana has almost become a cottage industry . With the plethora of titles , one is hard pressed to know where to begin . Some reviewers consider this book a bit of flack shoved off on the gullible public hungry to read more . I take the opposite tack.While most of the recent Lewis - related titles take his work out of its historic context , attempting to relaunch it as relevant in our own , this book goes the other way . It 's firmly anchored in the era of WW II when Lewis wrote , and entirely concerned with the state and future of Britain . Thus these essays are for modern readers not `` present concerns '' but rather windows into the past.Each of these nineteen essays appeared in British newspapers , and most of them still hit hot buttons today . It 's arguable whether Lewis wrote `` down '' to news readers , but he had an uncanny knack of connecting with readers even when he could n't socialize with them . For instance , he remarked that he did n't care for the society of children , by which he meant he was uncomfortable in their social circle . But that did n't stop him writing seven of the most beloved kids ' books of all time , nor of keeping up lively correspondence with them.Lewis ' views on the censorship of books -LRB- he was against it -RRB- become particularly notable in context . He wrote at the time that D.H. Lawrence 's novel , Lady Chatterly 's Lover was the subject of obscenity trials , and expressed his opinion forcefully in the essay included in this collection -LRB- He alludes briefly to this view in his excellent book about reading , An Experiment in Criticism -RRB- . Like that book , this is not one of Lewis ' best sellers , but readers may be surprised to find how much in our day these topics are still present concerns .
 Did C S Lewis ever write anything that was n't thought provoking ? I got this set of short stories mainly for his essay on the need for Chivalry today . It lived up to all I had read about it . We need young men who are both gentlemanly and savagely protective . If lacking one or the other character qualities , they are either `` milk toast '' or barbarian . The balance is needed in true manhood today .
 I am trying to read almost everything Lewis wrote . This was a collection of essays about politics , war , school , and other miscellaneous topics . As a fan of Lewis , it was interesting to see some of what Lewis thought about these other issues.But I do n't really recommend the book . If you like Lewis , this is not his `` usual '' fare , and some of what he writes no longer applies to our culture and our current economic/political situations.Now , having said that , his essay on `` Democratic Education '' should be read by every parent , teacher , and politician in the country . As a Professor , he understood what education should be , how it should be accomplished , and has much to teach us about our own educational system today .
 I do not own this book , and am not reviewing it . But there is a quote from the essay `` On Living In An Atomic Age '' that is going around once again , following the London bombings of July 2005 . I am putting it here on Amazon so interested parties Googling to find the source of the quote might have an easier time of it : `` If we are ... going to be destroyed by -LSB- a -RSB- bomb , let that bomb when it comes find us doing sensible and human things -- praying , working , teaching , reading , listening to music , bathing the children , playing tennis , chatting to our friends over a pint and a game of darts -- not huddled together like frightened sheep and thinking about bombs . '' -- C.S. Lewis
 I recently gave a copy of this slim book to the person on this planet whom I most respect . It 's easy to overlook a book like this
 `` Mom Kills Kids and Self '' was an unassuming book I saw on the library shelf . Intrigues by the title , I picked it up and opened the cover . The book sucked me in with the first few pages . Our main character , never named , has returned home to find his wife has killed herself after murdering their two sons . What unfolds afterwards is looking through the eyes of a man driven to insanity by this act . His behavior and actions are strange and unexpected as his thoughts fantically trace back through time , trying to find the cause of his family 's death . Everything in this story is juxtasposed , from his perspective on his wife 's life , his boy 's lives , and from his own life , from his work , aand from his philosophy on women . The story kept me captivated , I recommend this book to anyone who would enjoy a combination of King and Vonnegut .
 As an aspiring writer I am aware that this book has its flaws , but I love it regardless . The story haunts me . I can go years without touching it , but still I think about its unnamed protagonist often . And when I do go back to the book , the ending leaves me utterly flabbergasted each and every time ; this even though I have never forgotten what happens.The funny thing is , I have tried reading another book by Alan Saperstein , and I found it truly dreadful and put it down soon after picking it up . But there is something about Mom Kills Kids and Self that I just can not get enough of . It is a chilling experience , to see inside a man 's head as he goes insane -- as he lives inside his house alongside the bodies of his wife and children for days.I love the thought of someday publishing a book that reaches a wide audience , that makes a lot of money . But then I think about this book , and I know I would give up that fame and fortune just to know that my work has touched someone so profoundly as this one has touched me .
 ... and that 's maybe a hyper-opinion though not an overstatement . The best here lives up to his name , and the worst is usually better than everyone else . And that 's all you need to say .
 For that elusive title of `` Greatest of All Time '' , in the field of mystery fiction , Raymond Chandler would get more than a few votes . I do n't know if I 'd give him that award , but he 'd definitely be in the running . It was n't merely the quality of his writing , which though over half-a-century old , still reads better than most modern mysteries ; it 's also the fact that Chandler was a pioneer , building on the foundation of hard-boiled predecessors like Dashiell Hammett to bring mysteries out of the gentle drawing room puzzle-solvers and into the real world.The Library of America has assembled all of his seven novels along with some other material into a two volume set . The first volume was five-star material and the second volume - the topic of this review - may even be better.The `` Later Novels '' compiled here are The Lady in the Lake , The Little Sister , The Long Goodbye and Playback , all featuring private eye Philip Marlowe . I have written separate reviews for each book , but as a set , they work wonderfully both individually and together . Reading them together helps you see the slow but certain evolution of Chandler the writer , culminating in the near-perfect The Long Goodbye . Playback , which follows it , was written when Chandler was near the end of his life , and the wear and tear shows.Like a good DVD boxed set , this volume comes not only with the novels but plenty of extras as well . Biggest of these is the screenplay for Double Indemnity -LRB- based on the James Cain novel -RRB- , a movie which some consider the best film noir ever -LRB- I like it , but personally , my vote goes to Out of the Past -RRB- . There are also a series of essays , including perhaps his most famous piece of nonfiction , The Simple Art of Murder . The essays and letters included give some insight into Chandler , a man who recognized what made great writing and seemed to find little that measured up to his standards . Marlowe himself often comes off as cheery compared to the cynical yet often brilliant opinions of Chandler.This book is over a thousand pages long , and there 's not a bad page in the bunch . If you 're a fan of mystery fiction - or even fiction in general - and have been avoiding Chandler because he is an `` old '' writer , avoid no more . This remains some of the best writing around .
 Chandler , Later NovelsThis volume contains the other novels , essays , and selected letters of Raymond Thornton Chandler who wrote many of the `` private eye '' novels that were popular from WW I to the 1960s . His novels told of the power and corruption of the ruling class in the Los Angeles region . -LRB- The reader can judge the relevance of these stories to their own locality . -RRB- This volume contains four novels
 An excellent and to my knowledge unsurpassed collection of Chandler 's later writings . I would have liked more letters , and could have done without Double Endemnity , but this this is a minor complaint . More than 1,000 pages of Chandler in one handy and respectable looking volume , that feels more like the Bible than Black Mask .
 The two volumns are a must read for any noir , mystery or detective story fan . The quality of both volumns is great
 Chandler is arguably the best detective story writer out there . If you expand this genre to all mystery writers , he would still be one of the best.Detective stories are n't as common as they once were , but if you look at the offspring of the Pulp magazine once so popular , television , they are still as popular as ever . Chandler was one author who defined what a detective story was . This book contains four novels : The Lady in the Lake , The Little Sister , The Long Goodbye , and Playback . These are wonderfully entertaining stories that contain the archetypical hard-bitten detective , Philip Marlowe . After reading these stories you will forever see Marlowe in every detective story you see or read , from Magnum to the latest TV cop . How can you not love an author who sums up Modern American Capitalism with lines like these ? `` We make the finest packages in the world , Mr. Marlowe . The stuff inside is mostly junk . '' Or an author who in the early 50 's , -LRB- 50 years before the current ` Queers Dress Up ' shows -RRB- so presciently wrote , `` The queer is the artistic arbiter of our age , chum . '' Or his comment on a speech by a politician , `` He did not bore us with any facts . `` These books are not just riveting , fun reading , but full of thoughtful quotes like the above.Chandler also is must-reading for his understanding of criminality , venality , human nature , Southern California , Movies , American culture and American relationship dynamics . I hate to use the word `` classic '' to describe stories that are just so plain fun to read , but I find it hard not to.This volume also contains a screenplay , Double Indemnity , and a few essays and letters . The essays `` The Simple Art of Murder '' , and `` Writers in Hollywood '' should be required reading for anyone interested in 20th century culture , movies , and literature . Just a few tidbits more . Chandler on English Mystery Writers - `` The English may not always be the best writers in the world , but they are incomparably the best dull writers . '' Chandler on boredom - `` There are no dull subjects , only dull minds . '' Chandler on critics - `` The average critic never recognizes an achievement when it happens . He explains it after it has become respectable . `` My only criticism is that the plots are contrived and sometimes complicated . But such criticism is like complaining that the Mona Lisa would be a fine painting if only it were of a different size.Chandler is simply wonderful , funny , cynical , and yes , - respectable .
 Contained in this volume are the last four -LRB- of seven -RRB- Marlowe novels , the Double Indemnity script co-written with Billy Wilder -LRB- including lines that were cut -RRB- , his famous essay on `` The Simple Art of Murder '' , one on `` Writers in Hollywood '' , another titled `` Twelve Notes on the Mystery Story '' , and finally `` Notes -LRB- very brief , please -RRB- on English and American Style '' . Couple these with thoroughly entertaining and sometimes revealing letters to friends and fans , and you ca n't miss.In one of these letters he even discusses fellow hardboiled writer Ross Macdonald 's -LRB- here called John , as he had n't changed his name yet -RRB- The Moving Target , which cribbed some ideas from The Big Sleep and Dashiell Hammett 's The Thin Man.The novels themselves ? Classic Chandler - enough said . If you 'd like to know why you should expect the best in hardboiled detective fiction , well , read 'em all , or at least one . -LRB- If you 're planning on that course of action , try the first in the series , The Big Sleep , included in a similar volume called Stories and Early Novels
 First , let me say that there 's a separate volume of Chandler 's early novels . As much as I liked this volume , I actually enjoyed the earlier novels just a little bit more and suggest starting there . I started reading one story and wound up going through all of them in both volumes in the space of a few months . I also wound up reading and enjoying all the Dashiell Hammett stories , but I give Chandler a slight edge.I wo n't try to list all the ways these novels are great and entertaining , but here 's one thought that has n't been mentioned in other reviews . Chandler is excellent at presenting a hero-character who has to worry about money and making a living . Indeed , Chandler makes this issue integral to the character 's persona and to the plot line . Yes , the books are escapist in so many ways . Yet , in this respect at least , they are far more realistic than almost all of the fiction , and much of the non-fiction , these days .
 While Hammett may very well have carried the modern hard-boiled mystery forward into the light , Chandler defined it . Of the two , I think I prefer Chandler most . Chandler better than anyone else set the standard for the genre , and laid down the rules to which all the great mystery writers of today rigorously adhere . Here , in brief , is the mystery writer 's credo : ` But down these mean streets must a man go who himself is neither tarnished nor afraid . ` As Chandler remarked in his classic essay , The Simple Art of Murder , Hammett rightly deserves the title of Founder of the modern mystery because he succeeded in giving murder back to the kind of people who commit it . So what kind of person goes up against the kind of people who committ murder ? Chandler responds with Exhibit A
 I started reading the older novels for a baseline comparison with what I read today . It 's also more fun to review a book that does n't already have hundreds of other reviews - simply in order to avoid repeating . I have a variety of interests but detective novels -LRB- well written -RRB- have always appealed to me because so much human nature was involved . Even what was supposed to be `` Fiction '' likely turns up as `` Truth in Exercise '' somewhere along the line - crime and ingenuity are constant companions and the best of the novelists turn that to distinct advantage when striving to entertain us with their own concept of it.Take Raymond Chandler . Even though he is out of the past , Mr. Chandler is a `` must read '' if you enjoy detective tales , written , detailed , enhanced to the 9th degree with excellent exchange of dialogue that never misses a beat or a connection to his plot . He `` sculpts '' his story - not only of the face of the detective , but of the out-of-the ordinary characters that detective , Phillip Marlowe , meets along the way as well . Marlowe himself is a tarnished hero , but his Chandler-Given basic instinct in his own integrity give us hope as we read ; there are a few left to be counted on even through the human frailties . He even throws in a casually undertaken , but carefully worded sex scene or two now and again for heat . A sign of his times emerge in the way the the sex scenes are delivered , but they are quite effective in their undertaking , nonetheless . Maybe that will continue to be `` part of the charm '' of the older books ; their `` stern and structured '' editors served to make them clever rather than graphic in their technique . -LRB- Perhaps I should hasten to add that I do n't see anything wrong with literary license of today 's more graphic scenes , either . A good book is a good book in any era -RRB- . They are all excellent but in the interests of length , I am focusing on `` Play Back '' in this review solely because one unexpected scenario really captured my imagination . In `` Play Back '' , a sudden , unexpected burst of independent thought occurs in an exclusive hotel lobby with an old man - a character on the side - who somehow comes front and center even though he has not played much of a part in the whole up to that point - who was one of the `` chosen few '' , born wealthy , built to stay that way , and had nothing more to do but keenly observe the foibles of the others around him , of which he became extraordinarly fine-tuned . It is finesse - the element that sets certain writers apart from the others - and which I have noticed present throughout the books by Chandler I have read ; is a remarkable set of ideas the old man in the lobby bounces off the taciturn Marlowe , who is more interested in the immediate whereabouts of an individual he is purusing than in the interesting conversation of a man past his own time.The story starts , of course , with the detective , Marlowe , being hired through an attorney , which gives him `` privilege '' to operate through many jurisdictions and precincts of law enforcement as he begins to place the pieces of the puzzle . The attorney is acting as go-between for someone else who wishes the protection of client confidentiality . Marlowe is hired to find a specific girl on the run whose identity has changed - but is offered little else in the way of firm details to go on , which continually prompt him to wonder if she is being located or simply stalked with intent to harm . The girl herself is an unaccountable enigma ; part vamp , part sensible but vulnerable , part criminal element within which she exposes and switches off and on as he encounters her . She is the unwilling but unapologetic reason behind several `` train wrecks '' along the way , which Marlowe considers just part of his day 's work ; and money never motivates him . He is immune to the lure of the green and therefore is his own man at all times , finding the truth becomes much easier for him because the haze is absent from his eyes.Chandler 's books are carefully contrived intrigue waiting for the reader who wants more than a dime novel delivered with their action . And `` Library of America '' is a true and worthy champion of literary causes - a refusal to allow the best to die simply because time passes .
 C-L-A-S-S-I = C HIGH/low notes . These stories are like a deck cards , all aces ... . but there are way too few left . I finished `` Little Sisters '' -LRB- GREAT -RRB- , `` Farewell , My Lovely '' - is recommended in the other half -LRB- earlier edition -RRB- . The hook is Marlow . In times where many take the easy/cheap way out , I ride hard with Marlow . Marlow does it with style , humor , wit , grit , and nothing less than an all american
 This book , contaning Chandlers later works , is perhaps the best collection of Chandler you can find . Sure , does not contain the better-known novels - The Big Sleep and Farewell my Lovely - but it does contain The Long Goodbye , which is not only Chandler 's finest , but a great novel by any measure.Chandler lived a tough , hard-drinking life , and these later works came out of his mind with difficulty . But the quality of The Lady in the Lake and The Long Goodbye -LRB- The Little Sister is less memorable -RRB- make this collection essential.In addition , the book contains some essays and letters , including Chandler 's writing on the mystery genre , which will interest any budding suspense author.In short , read this book ! Read The Long Goodbye , then read it again . This is not just a great mystery , but it is also great literature .
 This volume is bursting at the seams with Chandler 's writings and it is an astonishing value even at the retail price . It even comes wrapped in plastic !!! Alas I do have one complaint , you can buy Double Indemnity on it 's own in a seperate volume that is very much in print . The editors at LOA must be aware of this . If so , they must also be aware that `` The Blue Dahlia '' is no longer in print and has not been since 1976 . Would n't it have made more since to eliminate `` Double Indemnity '' since it is readily available in another volume and replace it with `` Blue Dahlia '' ? Could n't an argument be made that in addition to it 's scarcity `` The Blue Dahlia '' is also a better representation of Chandler 's screenwriting talent because it his only produced solo effort and the fact that it garnered him an Oscar nomination?Bottom line
 This book is one of the best deals out there - a month of great reading by one of America 's greatest authors for the price of a poorly written potboiler by some present day , soon-to-be-forgotten thrill wrter -LRB- oh , if only there were thrills ! -RRB- Rewad this book and have syourself a ball .
 After reading his earlyworks you can see how Chandler used his previous stories and ideas to develop these incredible novels featuring his most famous detective Philip Marlowe .
 Great book for those who wish to learn about the original religion of Africa .
 This book , -LRB- clearly -RRB- written by Gacy himself -LRB- and without the benefit of an editor -RRB- , is excellent for those who are already very familiar with the details of his case , and have some understanding of his personality . On it 's face , the book is nothing more than `` The Lies of John Wayne Gacy
 It is what it is , and well packaged for the viewer . Most have slipcases , a full signture from Gacy and tell his skewed side of the story . A must-have for a true crime fanatic , but not a must-read .
 Book three is likely the best of them all . This draws our adventure of the mysterious Hollow Kingdom to a satisfying close . The author seemed notably more comfortable with herself and the tales and maybe it was that the first two books gave her great practice to make a nearly faultless final adventure.Following the death of Marak , Catspaw takes his place as king , preparing to marry Miranda , a human girl raised to be Catspaw 's wife by Marak himself . But things quickly do n't go as planned when elves return to the kingdom and an offer of an elvish bride pushes Catspaw to renig on his promise to Miranda.Miranda flees the kingdom once she is aware that she 's being set aside and all that she was raised to do was for naught . The tales takes a spinning trail through Miranda 's plight as she leaves the goblins and finds the elves ... or rather the elf lord finds her . Either way , this book certainly redeemed the whole saga with its climatic ending and surprising and pleasant twists.Had the ending of this book not been so gratifying , it would have suffered a lower score . Readers may find Marak Catspaw and Nir the elf lord too irrational for their own good and that in itself causes much conflict between the two races . What also made this book enjoyable was the underlying hint of racism and prejudices . The elves think the goblins barbaric and vice versa . Both peoples saw themselves as the better race and saw all faults and weaknesses only in their enemy.Five bright stars for closing the story of the Hollow Kingdom with a bang . Dunkle proved her mettle in this book and she may just find a niche as popular fantasy writer alongside Sharon Shinn and Robin McKinley .
 If you enjoyed the first two books in this trilogy you will fall in love with this book ! In the Coils of the Snake kept me quessing about the ending throughout the whole book ! Better than the second book and almost just as good as the first . If you enjoy fantasy , love , and a good story I recommend that you read this book ! I promise that you wo n't be able to put it down !
 ... still highly enjoyable . Both Miranda and Arianna are well-drawn characters who react quite differently to their new situations . This book gives us more of an insight into the world of the elves than the previous books , but the world of the goblins and humans suffers because of it . Kate , my personal favorite character , is barely in the book at all , Sable is demoted to a plot device , and Emily , who was the focus of the second book , is mentioned in one scene and then disappears completely for the rest of the story . Though this book is a great end to the series and a fine stand-alone volume -LRB- Marak Catspaw is great and Seylin is still one of the best characters in the whole trilogy -RRB- , I would still have liked to have seen more of an attempt to tie the stories together . I would also have liked to have had more of the humans ' world also . How many years have passed since Kate and Emily left their family lands ? There was less of a sense of time with this story than the previous ones . Still , I really enjoyed the book and I 'm sad to see the series over .
 The thrilling conclusion to a great series . I was elated with how things turned out , yet disappointed that it had ended . If you enjoyed the first two you will love in the coils of the snake !
 I do like these covers . The rich , sometimes earthy tones aptly reflect the individual themes of the books , in my opinion . Plus the style of artwork keeps the characters sort of dreamy and vague and I am therefore free to go on picturing them however I please and that is always a good thing . IN THE COILS OF THE SNAKE continues the story of the goblin court and its longtime enemies the `` we 're one step ahead of extinction '' elves . This third and final volume in the Hollow Kingdom trilogy takes place thirty years afterClose Kin
 I forgot how much I liked the first book until I read the third book in this series . Miranda is the main character in this book . She lives with her mother who is abusive to her . She does not have any friends , either . The only person that she feels a connection to is Marak , the goblin king . The goblin king told her that she will be the next goblin kings wife , and he grooms her to be a goblin queen.Once Marak dies and his son Catspaw becomes king , Catspaw has 300 days to marry . Miranda moves from her abusive home into the lavish elf queen quarters . Meanwhile , Catspaw looks forward to marrying Miranda , but he meets an elf woman with extraordiary magical abilities . Catspaws duty is to get the best queen for his people . Miranda has no idea that there is another female that could take the role of goblin queen.The characters were well developed and the plot was good . From my description , it sounds something like `` Days of Our Goblin Lives '' or some soap opera . However , I am a picky reader , and I liked this book . Unlike other readers , I did n't notice any anti-feminist issues , nor did it offend me in any way , and I am female .
 I ca n't think of a better way to end a trilogy than this . I loved the first book of `` The Hollow Kingdom '' , was reasonably pleased with the second , and now must say that the quality and magic of this third installment compares to the original . Similar emotions of love and despair and choice are brought forth in an imaginative and gratifying way that still has its originality -- while the first book dealt with the choice between a human world and that of the fantastic , this deals with people utterly unsure of where they belong , desperate for a real choice.Dunkle 's writing is still as lush , simple , and poetic and always , still conjuring up a rather Victorian aura that nods to all the old myths and legends of `` the little people '' . And yet this particular story has grown to something more akin to what Tolkien would have written for young girls had he ever taken such a genre . Call me crazy , but I relish the clear problems of elf society -LRB- too many authors have praised it beyond the ridiculous . -RRB- But it is nice to see a few good elves that give plausibility to the story of war and prejudice.The feminists , however , will not be pleased . I hate to say it , but part of me loves the idea of being kidnapped by a roguish goblin to his underground kingdom , and indeed these are books about women who are pretty much at the mercy of the males . And yet ... they all strike me as powerful , remarkable girls who always truly have a choice of their fates.Wonderul storytelling to a truly romantic tale . Thank-you !
 At first the book seems depressing , and the heroine gets on your nerves , but if you stick with it for a few chapters you get totally sucked into the story . The characters are vivid and realistic , the story line is full of unexpected twists , and the ending is perfect ! You even start to feel sympathy and relate to the heroine and she looses her annoying ways . I loved this whole series , it 's one I will be rereading many times and I would highly recommended it for the more mature reader .
 There was n't nearly as much drama as in the first one . I do n't think either the second or this one could ever meassure up to it , but it was n't a bad story , either . Dunkle jumps far into the future to the death of the king and the crowning of Catspaw . If you are hoping to revisit Emily or Kate , forget it . They are hardly mentioned at all . Instead , the author introduces us to a new character , Miranda . Miranda , apparently , had been promised from before her birth to the goblins when Marak decided to release Til to the human world . Miranda is Til 's daughter . Til 's temperment does not improve from the second book , being that most of Miranda 's childhood consist of her mother berating her to her siblings and staff . All that Miranda has to look forward to are the weekly visits from Marak . Finally , when she turns 17 , her death is staged and Miranda is taken down into the goblin city to wed Catspaw and become a queen , only , the day of her wedding she is told by Catspaw he ca n't marry her . Instead Catspaw must marry an elf girl with great powers . You see , a tribe of elves showed up and according to their treaty with the goblins , they will give the elf girl in exchange for peace.Miranda , runs off thinking she would kill herself , but instead runs right into the arms of Lir , the elf lord , who decides to make her his prisoner.So you see , much different plot and characters , but still an interesting plot line . I think you 'll enjoy it .
 I LOVE THIS SERIES ! THe third book has a huge surprise right at the beginning and it is a tear jerker . The book goes on and is a great ending to the series . I love Merek !
 I ca n't believe they finally put something like this on audio . It is a very unique audio book which goes to the heart of the matter and never lets up until the last word is read . The stories are well written though some are better then others . The best is Phone Sex track two on CD 1 . It truly is funny and quite sexy at the same time . Bob vickery has a talent for showing the erotic side of men on men attraction but also the humorous side as well . His description of the sexual acts are vivid although somewhat repetitive in nature . There are six gay erotic stories presented here read by various male readers who really are the stars of this production . They really get into it ; sighing and moaning and exclaiming where appropriate . I really enjoyed listening to them and what fun it was to listen to this kind of stuff while riding a bus or having coffee in a shop . Some of the stories even aroused me thanks to the reader 's ability to put me in the middle of things . I was literary laughing out loud with `` Phone Sex . '' Mr. Vickery also makes sure that safe sex is the standard of the day and thus where penetration is concerned all the men are wearing condoms . As enjoyable this audio book was there are a few minor complaints . The stories on a whole while exciting are quite vanilla in nature . There is n't even one three way story in the whole book . Mr. Vickers rarely strays away from the buff torso types with flaring big knobs . A better variety of bodies would have given the anthology a more realistic feel . It 's not just the buffed muscular men who have sex after all . These types may be Mr. Vickery 's forte but they are not the only gay men in town . On a positive note he at least dispenses with penis size say for the last story . It is left up to the listener 's imagination to determine how each man is hung although he does a fine description of each man 's body . I found this audio book a refreshing and welcoming product which was long overdo . I hope this is the start of a new trend to put erotica on audio and to make more gay books available in this format . Highly recommended but not for the prude . This book contains two CDs and features various narrators which deserve applause .
 I 've been a big fan of Bob Vickery 's since his `` Cocksure '' and `` Playbuddies '' books , and I love the fact that he 's offering his stories on CDs now . It 's a great idea to have actors narrate erotic stories , and I just wonder why nobody else seems to be doing this . All six stories are hot , and it 's hard to choose which one I like the best . Maybe `` Giving Phone '' , a story about two guys on a phone sex line -LRB- with all the sound effects -RRB- getting more and more into their dirty talk . `` Brother John 's Traveling Salvation Show '' is good too , about a drifter who trades sex for rides , and the clueless high school wrestler in `` Helping Rufus '' is not only extremely sexy , but funny too . The other stories are great too . I 've been listening to Manjack in my car , and it makes the commute to work a lot more fun .
 I have been reading these one hand friction books for awhile . Bob Vickery is among the top , if not the best , writers of friction books . Now Bob Vickery comes out with some of his stories on CD . I wonder why no one else has thought of this ? You just have to listen to the CD one time and you know that the old adage is true , two hands are better than one .
 I thank God for the writer of this book . This book explains new insight on Jesus ' parables , taking in consideration of the Lord 's geographical location and culture.It took me a while to read this book . Why ? Because this is the type of book that you may want to meditate after reading it . Its not something that you read and let bygones be bygons.This book particularly focuses on what our actions should be as Jesus ' followers . It addresses issues like greed or Me-society that we often ignore . I 'd like to stress out that Jesus pointed everything plainly for us . This book only reminds us to go back and look deeper within ourselves and question if God is really what motivates us in everything we do.I love this book and will give it to friends I know . Please pray for me so I can share it to others as well , and also put the Jesus ' words into action.Thank God .
 The first Sunday School class I ever taught was on the parables . Being new to teaching adults and wanting to do the best job possible while keeping the class fun , I read every book I could find on the subject . I found no `` reference '' book better than this one.It 's not only a `` fun read '' but filled with profound statements and material everyone can relate to . It 's still , to my knowledge , the best book out there on the topic of Jesus 's parables . There are so many gems in here that I often stop and just relfect and marvel at what I just read . I ca n't say that for most books
 At the risk of starting this review sounding like an incorrigible elitist , I must confess that I prepare myself for disappointment when I open a popular Bible study guide like this one . I anticipate that it will be poorly written or captive to a provincial North American point of view or hopelessly naive regarding the biblical text.Gary Ihrig 's 188 pages on select parables of Jesus pleasant surprises on the first and third counts and does well on the second . His fresh , biblically aware presentation of twelve parables is just what the doctor ordered for the reader who wants to understand what Jesus ' parables meant in their moment and what they mean for today . His style is a model of clarity.I am team-teaching a Sunday school class and had nothing to do with the selection of this text . A popular but motivated audience finds Ingrid 's work accessible and illuminating.I heartily recommend THE PARABLES . UNDERSTANDING WHAT JESUS MEANT as a doorway into the fascinating world of Jesus ' stories .
 I have read this book slowly and thoughtfully , letting Jesus ' words sink in . This book has helped me to really grasp much of what Jesus meant in his stories . I will read this again and again .
 I have thoroughly enjoyed reading Parables . I did n't expect this book to be overflowing with facts on jewish culture . Gary does an excellent job describing the context for each parable . Gary picked essential parables and truly helps you understand what Jesus meant . One nice surprise is Gary 's theological application . If you like books that flow but have a deeper teaching then you should buy this book . Let this book be a deeper devotional or a study tool for your next teaching on a parable . I promise you will be inspired and encouraged by Gary 's interpretation of the Parables .
 Excellent book - very easy to understand and an excellent item for teens or younger person . It makes it plain - breaks down each verse . I would recommend for anyone who can read . Excellent group Bible Study book for your men 's or women 's group .
 I simply love this book and shared it with many others . It brings a higher understanding to many of the parables and really taught me a lot .
 Gary Inrig clearly delineates the essence of Christ 's teachings . Yes , the parables speak to many people but what is most important is what it says to each one of us . Inrig explores , with scriptural support , how the teachings of Jesus call us to making appropriate choices that have eternal consequences . We used his book for a 12-week Bible study that all participants enjoyed .
 I 've given three or four away for others to read ... If you enjoy the parables you 'll definitely want to get this book ...
 We can learn from the Parables . This book offers excellent insights , some of which I do n't find completely compelling . However , they provide a great resource for depth of understanding , reflection , and fodder for discussion . Even if you do n't agree with the perspective of the author on a particular parable , you might better develop your own perspective through reflection and discussion with others .
 As a Precepts on Precepts student doing a 23 lesson study on Matthew , I thought this would be a good book to help understand Jesus ' parables better . Kay Aurthur advocates letting scripture interpret scripture . The author of `` The Parables '' did a nice job , but I guess I was looking for more indepth analysis of the various parables . I would recommend this book ; it is an easy read and does give a lot of information about the parables . Maybe if I were to read it a second time I 'm sure I would get more out of the book . It 's like reading the bible , you are always discovering a truth that you did not see before .
 The line on the cover of this book says `` A Fairy Tale for Grownups of All Ages '' and that could hardly be a better description of this charming , highly imaginative novel . I read it almost in a single sitting and the whole time I was doing so I had this lovely feeling that I was a child again curled up in bed with one of my favorite stories - Lewis Carroll , perhaps , or George MacDonald , or even L. Frank Baum . Lovely illustrations too . Thank you , thank you , thank you , John Grant , for having magically transported me back into that wonderful world ! I would recommend this book to anybody , from children to grandparents .
 A very good book with a lot of fun . It 's a little slow at the start , but once things get moving , it become worth the wait . In fact , this was a book in which its ending justified its beginning . It 's a fantasy story which reminds us that all fantasy stories do not have to be about Tolkien and such . Every review I see of this book likens it to Alice , Dorothy , and friends . While this book does touch on that type of fantasy , it also contains a contemporary view which gives it a flavor all its own -- a new old fantasy . Pick it up , read it . You wo n't soon forget it .
 When it comes down to fantasy , John Grant is the leading man . As co-author of the `` Encyclopedia of Fantasy '' he knows what goes on inside the minds of storytellers . And in `` The Far-Enough Window '' , proves he 's a great storyteller himself by letting recognizable characters alert the reader about the fantasy world being in grave danger of disappearing . It 's a wonderful attempt to rescue that world from extinction , by giving the reader a new tale to loose his heart to . And in my view , it 's more than an attempt
 This book is a really nice reference book for the backyard birdfeeder . It 's not just a bird identifier book , it has chapters on bird survival and behavior . I 'm glad to have it my small bird library and refer to it often .
 This revised edtion will make an excellent gift for the beginning or intermediate backyard birder.Photographic plates thoughout serve as good visual aids . Photos are exquisite in detail despite the size of some color plates . This book also contains plans for feeders of various types.Overall , a good addition for any birding enthusiast .
 ... to receive this fine book ! Trying to identify the birds visiting my backyard feeder with old field guide books was not working . They simply had too much information geared for experts . This book is nicely laid out and clear , offering tips for attracting , feeding , watering and identifying the birds visiting your backyard , as well as instructions for building bird houses , feeders , and so on . I put several of the ideas to use immediately ! If you are an amateur backyard birder , this is the book for you !!
 This lovely DK -LRB- Dorling Kindersley -RRB- has the trademark vivid photographs on every page . Detailed information on discouraging squirrels , plans for making your own feeders of different types and lists of various birds you can attract using various methods.Each bird page has a detailed photo of the bird , a map of the United States showing where and when you can see the bird , behavior and description of sounds and songs , nesting habits , and the best kind of food to attract and benefit the birds you want.Information on bird baths and nesting boxes is also provided.A great resource for those who love to have God 's creatures in their yard , but do n't know the best way to attract them .
 I am a beginner backyard bird watcher and I really enjoyed this book . It has some great pictures to help you identify birds , or even just to look at . The book does n't stop there , however , it gives you nice detailed information of bird behavior , sounds , nests and habitat . I recommend this book to beginner or intermediate bird watchers .
 This purchase was made as a replacement for a copy that was ruined when it got wet . Exactly what I wanted .
 The notion of three different books by three different authors about the same story , each from a different character 's perspective is new to me . I 'd enjoyed the Diary series , and thought it was worth picking up the three books just to see how well the concept worked.I actually thought the books by the other two authors were better than this , but only by a small margin . They are all excellent , and reading the same story three different times never got boring because they are all so different , while remaining consistent.In many ways it 's so true of life - we really do n't know what 's going on in other people 's heads , especially when it comes to subterfuge and illicit behavior.Three different authors , three different characters , three different styles , one terrific story .
 Review by Gigi HoffmanMiranda Sanchez is -LRB- what she thinks -RRB- a boring high school senior -- honor student , editor of the school paper , athlete . She decides to stop being so stuffy and loosen up a little . Her mom , who prefers to be called Shelby , is always telling Miranda to lighten up and have some fun , so Miranda sets out to do that . She begins drinking , starts going to parties , and has fun with her good friend , Kyra . However , Sammy , Miranda 's friend and kind-of crush , objects to Miranda 's new partying phase.Miranda is confident she has everything under control . She 's practically a grown-up , after all . But her partying leads to a big disaster with Sammy , leaving her distraught and heart-broken . In Carlson 's book , the story is told from Miranda 's side . The writing seems straight from a teen 's perspective and tragically realistic . I really felt Miranda 's pain and wished that the ending could have been different , but like Miranda discovers , sometimes life does n't work that way .
 This books is very very awesome.Miranda is a supposed good-goody , and when she 's told to `` lighten up , '' she does so . She takes drugs , throws outrageous parties and gets drunk.When a very vlose friend of hers dies at one of her parties , she 's guilt tricken and wants to committ suicide.Does she do it ? Read and find out.It 's an amazing book that a person should read .
 Unfortunately I did n't read this book . My daughter read it very quickly , so I 'm thinking it must have been a good one .
 The first story is a novella , the tale basically of a Holly Golightly type named Melba Toast who uses men for their money , and her female friend and admirer who is not sure she can or wants to become like Melba . This story and the rest of the short ones are quite different from the ones of Jaffe 's usual innocent , naive heroine who has limited insight to her own behavior . The tone is more real , the women are more realistic , and the stories are just more well-written overall . I would recommend this book over any other Jaffe book .
 This is the book I 've been looking for ! My husband and I like to hike , fish , and generally hang out in beautiful places ... and sometimes we just do n't want to sleep on the ground or pack a car-load of camping equipment . This book tells me where we can get our outdoor fix and a bed . We know Northern California well but there 's lots of places that we did n't know about covered in this guide . The ratings and activity icons make it easy to see how plush or funky the cabin is and what are the nearby outdoor activities . This would be a good gift for Mother 's Day or Father 's Day .
 I found this book to be an excellent resource . Not only does it provide a wealth of information about available cabin and cottage rentals in northern California , but it provides concise and helpful information concerning recreational opportunities available near each cabin or cottage . I found the book to be well written , easy reading and very user friendly , and I was astounded to learn that there are so many cabins and cottages available for rent in neat places . If you enjoy more privacy than is afforded in motels and bed and breakfasts , you need to own this book .
 This is a sensational book ! I do n't want to sleep on the ground . I want a bed and privacy . My husband wants to go fishing and golf . This book gives us the opportunity to do trips together and make both of our desires come true . So far we 've tried three of the cottages , and they were just as Stephani & Tom said they were . Sounds like they have the dream life !
 This exposition is Arthur Pink at his best . There is no such thing as a bad commentary by Pink . I own 90 % of his published writings and in my opinion this is his best work . The Hebrew writer -LRB- which Pink makes the best argument I 've heard for Paul 's authorship -RRB- intended for this epistle to show the physical things of the Old Testament as a shadow of the spiritual things in the New Testament . Pink masterfully follows this theme ! Mission accomplished ! This is definitely written at a college-reading level and a `` must read '' for every minister who has put his faith in Jesus the Christ .
 This review concerns the one-volume commentary , ISBN 0-8010-6857-6 . I mainly purchased Pink 's commentary because almost without exception , the recently-written commentaries cited his work . I am not seminary-trained ; I teach a SS class . This commentary is a great resource for me.Pink wrote this in the mid-20th century , and of course used the KJV for his work . I do n't use the KJV , but I found this did n't hurt the use of Pink 's work much at all . There were a few sections that had lost a bit of utility , but for the most part , the commentary was valid for the ESV that I use.This commentary is not a scholarly work , and there are no uses of greek or hebrew in the text . It is an expository commentary , and this makes it accessible for those without training in biblical languages -LRB- such as myself -RRB- . Where original languages are referenced , they are transliterated.Pink is not Arminian in his outlook , but unlike some of the older non-Arminian commentaries , he does not follow Calvin or Luther blindly . His work differs from theirs in several places , such as chapter 6 . On the whole , the commentary follows the doctrines of grace very well and has no mix of semi-Pelagianism in it.Pink does not include a bibliography , which helps keep the volume uncluttered . Extensive bibliographies are available in newer commentaries -LRB- see Word Biblical Commentary , for example -RRB- which are more inclusive due to their recent date of publication . He also does not include chapter notes , but cites his sources by name within the chapters . The book is over 1300 pages , and all of it is expository material , so you wo n't go wanting in any section of the text.This is not a stand-alone commentary ; you 'll want a more contemporary one to go with it -LRB- for reasons stated above -RRB- , but for sheer volume of exposition on a difficult but critically important book of Scripture , this commentary is a must-have for the student or teacher of the Bible . God has blessed the Church with learned men through history , and A. W. Pink is certainly one of them ; I recommend this commentary to one and all .
 I started reading Pink about 5 years ago and hav ` nt found anything bad yet . I believe his treatment of Hebrews was Exceptional but before you start you may want to finish up any books you have already started . Very indepth !
 This commentary is a must for any serious student of the book of Hebrews . Pink is peerless in his insights and thoroughness .
 While Pink 's commentary is exemplary , there are , in the first nineteen pages , at least five errors in references . As I have not checked each reference in those pages , I am unsure if there are any more errors in the first nineteen pages or the rest of the commentary . It is probably an editing and not a content problem , but is distressing and would be quite confusing to someone who did n't take the time or have the resources to search out the correct references . The ones in error make no sense in the context .
 Just the book I need for a thorough study of Hebrews . Binding and printing great , shipping prompt .
 I 've always liked Arthur Pink 's works but this work on Hebrews stands out as one of his best . At over 1200 pages this commentary is very in depth and densely packed with wonderful insight and thorough exposition . He takes each chapter and unpacks each verse phrase by phrase and word by word . This is no lightweight commentary . Dr. Pink has worked hard to give us a true gift and treasure . Dr. Pink goes in depth without being dry or technical and challenges the reader by offering thought provoking application questions . I am a lay Bible teacher and I found this work very helpful and easy to understand . This commentary should be on the shelf of every serious Bible student .
 Good material will aid in lesson preparations ; everyone needs insites from godly writers . Your number of words required is not what Pooh needs today .
 ANYTHING BY ARTHUR PINK IS EXCELLENT . THIS BOOK HELPS A PREACHER TO UNDERSTAND SUCH A GREAT BIBLE BOOK AS HEBREWS . BROTHER PINK MUST HAVE BEEN FELLOWSHIPPING WITH THE LORD AS HE WROTE IT . I HAVE BEEN SO BLESSED BY HIS BOOK
 Mohja Kahf 's poetry collection is better than prozac . Her poems link classical Arab characters with current day capitalistic trends -LRB- `` Zuleika meets the Marlboro man across a delayed green '' -RRB- , and are punctuated , in the book 's first half , with sometimes hilarious , sometimes poignant Hijab Scenes , where the author encounters everyday prejudice but moves beyond self-pity and anger to humor and celebration . The result is charming and ultimately empowering . The first third of the book tells the plight of the immigrant - the Arab Muslim in particular - and uses the metaphor of landing on the moon . The second third is an ode to women and womanhood , and made me lift my head a little higher when I left the bookstore -LRB- this book under my arm . -RRB- The last third is a beautiful dialogue on political currents and events , and the poem in which Matisse characters come to life is jaw-dropping . The poetry collection offers something rare and brilliant as a stone
 `` E-mails from Scheherazad , '' by Mohja Kahf , is an excellent addition to the multiethnic body of U.S. poetry . A short bio at the end of the book notes that Kahf was born in Damascus , Syria , came to the U.S. as a child with her family , and has attained the rank of associate professor at the University of Arkansas.Kahf 's poems cover a number of themes
 This is a beautiful , moving , witty poetry collection which I recommend to all readers , and to women readers in particular . Mohja Kahf 's language , her voices , her characters move seemlessly upon the page , stopping once in a while to adjust their scarves or flip us the intellectual bird . A Badass first collection ; Kahf wins my vote for poet laureate .
 Mohja 's work is a joy to read , even when it is bringing tears to our eyes . Her impressions are unique and quirky , her use of language superb . I ca n't say how much I enjoyed emails . I read the entire thing in a single sitting and have returned to it many time to digest it more thoroughly . Hope to see more from this wonderful poet.Pamela
 Mohja Kahf speaks to my heart , most powerfully , and with such beauty and humor as to make the bitterness go down easy . I love this book .
 Kenneth Neil Cameron Wrote One of the user-friendliest explanations of Dialectical materialism I have ever read . Beginning with a historical overview of the evolution of philosophical materialism and how it relates the history of science . Then he explains how this underpinning of the methodology used by Karl Marx , Frederick Engels , and V.I. Lenin in the Science of Society . He explores both the strengths and limitations of the Dialectical Method and Science as used by these pioneers . Then he explains the relationship between the Physical Universe and life on Earth , Evolution of Life on Earth , biology , consciousness , society and the meaning of life . Without a God life is a celebration to be treasured in , not an affliction to be suffered . Death is a conclusion of life not the major focus of life , as religious philosophers would have you believe . This book ends with one of the most beautiful commemoration of life I have ever read .
 Gato-gato is a true feline philosopher ! A real `` communicatter '' ! Great little bilingual novel to bring home the message of brotherly love and world responsibility . Super for classroom use because it contains ideas to think about .
 So what if it was published in 1935 ? Bloomfield 's `` Language '' was perhaps the first work of linguistics I ever read , and the principles laid down in it are good and enduring . For linguistics , it 's even relatively easy to read , which is saying quite a bit . The emphasis on Amerindian languages may date the text for some readers . I 've read the book a number of times , and never without marveling at the treasure house of knowledge it contains . If you have even a passing interest in languages and their development , you should read at least some of Bloomfield .
 It 's in very good condition when it arrived . I really like it . It is exactly as the picture shows and meets my expectations perfectly .
 This book is a true classic , and anyone interested in linguistics and language should have a copy . It should be noted that since it was originally published in the 1930s , some of the information may be out of date , but most of it is n't . The field of linguistics has expanded since then , but this book is still very relevant , especially the parts relating to borrowing , language change , philology , etc. . This book is also great in its scope . It 's detailed and gives examples , but it reads well and gives a good introduction to a broad field .
 I am the general reviewer and editor as well as an author for this text . This book represents the collective efforts of many insurance industry experts as well as staff of the Health Insurance Association of America -LRB- HIAA -RRB- . Our objectives at the outset of this project focused on making this book `` reader-friendly . '' Chapters are short , terminology is well defined , and topics are very organized and logically placed.We realize health insurance is a complex subject . We attempted to put our familiarity with the subject matter aside and place ourselves in the role of the consumer . The text is written to appeal to those with minimal to moderate knowledge of health insurance matters.This book is appropriate for a wide group of readers . We envisioned audiences well beyond the insurance industry to include students , medical providers and their staffs , attorneys and paralegals , those employed in state and federal government , and even the casual reader who seeks to increase their knowledge of such an important subject.For those wishing to take the exam associated with this book and sponsored by HIAA , an outstanding study guide was designed . The guide will greatly assist the student preparing for the exam . It is comprehensive and covers the majority of testable concepts in the book.I highly recommend this book to anyone seeking to broaden their knowledge of the health insurance field . Reader feedback is welcomed and will be considered in future revisions .
 The book is subtitled `` The years as naval contractor , 1862-1866 '' but in fact it covers the whole life of Roach , from his birth to a struggling Irish working class family , his migration to the US at the age of sixteen and his years as an employee of James P. Allaire , his later career as proprietor of the Etna Irons Works and Morgan Iron Works before he even owned his shipyard , and then through his years of shipbuilding until his death in 1878 . So it 's a pretty comprehensive biography.After the first few chapters on his early life and career though , the book concentrates mostly on his political struggles , of which he had plenty . His first lesson in politics came shortly after the Civil War , when by selling machine tools to the US Navy he inadvertently thwarted a scheme by two established machine tools firms to sell tools at an inflated price . The two disgruntled firms then attempted to get the Roach sale reversed by lobbying Congress , accusing Roach of the very same sharp practices they themselves had planned . Though Roach in the end managed to extricate himself without too much damage to either his reputation or pocketbook , the experience taught him the importance of influence in Washington and he thereafter became a committed lobbyist himself . Ironically , so successful was he at the game that towards the end of his life it came to damage rather than enhance his reputation and business , as his opponents accused him of corruption and of profiting through political patronage rather than by honest endeavour.While the political intrigues are certainly informative and interesting , I personally would have liked a little more information about his shipyard , the ships he built there , and his business dealings in general . The author does state at the outset though that much data about the shipyard has been lost , so it may be he included as much as was available.The most glaring omission though , and one for which there can be no excuse , is the total lack of information about the shipyard 's activities after Roach 's retirement . Given that the yard remained in the hands of the Roach family for another twenty years - which is actually longer than Roach himself ran it - a few paragraphs at least , if not an additional chapter , would surely have been appropriate , if only for the sake of completion . Alas , there is literally scarcely a word about the yard 's activities after 1887 . Even the indexed list of ships built by the company , which is very welcome in itself , stops there . For that reason , I can not give this book the five stars it might otherwise have earned.Otherwise though a worthwhile and interesting tome for anyone with an interest in Roach in particular , or in shipbuilding or late nineteenth century U.S. politics in general .
 my first objective was to find a book of tunes with a very classic French cafe sort of sound , and this book is great as such . the copyright dates on a lot of the tunes are from the 50 's or earlier , and some more recent ... all the tunes have that classic sound , and there 's a good number of waltzes , though i 'd be happy to find another book of more waltzes -LRB- volume 2 ? not sure if it exists ... -RRB- . even if you ca n't play accordion the melodies can be useful and the chordal accompaniment is not hard to determine and adapt for instance to guitar or piano , though a basic understanding of how chords are indicated on accordion music is needed -LRB- not hard to find on line -RRB- . i just started on accordion and my left and right hand coordination is not up to par for these pieces at all yet . the individual parts are not too hard if you already read music and have a bit of piano experience , but combining the parts on accordion is gon na take some serious work for me . i 've practiced the melodies slowly and enjoyed them but i guess an experienced player could make a nice show of some of these pieces , they do n't seem watered down at all . i can enjoy just playing the melodies or working on just the left hand chords though , and this collection gives me plenty to strive for and also can be useful for other instruments wanting to play French cafe style melodies . nice price too , and if you 're looking for some classic old French cafe vibe , you found it .
 I have thoroughly enjoyed Mr. Hallar 's arrangements . They are well done . Not at all watered-down , as one reviewer pointed out . Yet they are within reach for an intermediate player . I was so impressed with this book that I bought Vol . 2 as well . Vol . 2 is even better - maybe a notch up the difficulty scale with more modulations to unfamiliar key signatures and so on . But every piece has a nugget of worthwhile learning or two for you mind and your fingers as well as being fun to play and enjoyable to hear . Intermediate players - buy this book -LRB- and Vol . 2 -RRB- and your listeners will thank you . Teachers - check this book out and thrill your students with some fun pieces to work on .
 In a classic case of my eyes being bigger than my stomach , I purchased this book during a buying binge of sheet music , assuming I would be able to blow through these songs in a bout of musical cosmic inflation . I had been playing for a few months , and my confidence was brimming over along with my credit card balance.Alas , this is a great songbook , but not necessarily for beginners . There needs to be a fair amount of dexterity with playing melody chords and reading difficult key changes . I was able to simplify a number of the pieces by mentally excluding some of the harder harmonies , but it 's still hard going for a newbie.I would recommend this as a fantastic collection of French music that , if played well , will recreate the sound of sitting in a Parisian cafe on a summer 's day . I would also recommend getting about a year of training and practice -LRB- perhaps using some lower level Mel Bay books I have reviewed earlier -RRB- before taking on this collection .
 My skill level is probably plain old `` intermediate '' -- andthis colors what I have to say about this book.I have been very pleased with this anthology . It hasbecome some of my favorite accordion music to play.First thing I did was to photocopy , cut and pasteso that there would be no awkward page turns.Print is large and legible , easy to read.There are a few editorial errors , but you ` llhear those and correct them.What I like best about the book :1 -RRB- offers good variety of forms
 I bought it . I lost it . I will buy a new copy if I ca n't find it .
 The year 1849 was when Minnesota became a state ; 1883 was the year the Northern Pacific Railroad celebrated the completion of its link between Minneapolis-St . Paul and the West coast . In between these years , the historically closely tied cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul grew from a `` collection of huts and shanties '' to a major national and international center of commerce . With the phone system , up-to-date plumbing , and electricity the cities brought in in the latter 1800s , they began to more and more resemble other major American cities . Wills meticulously follows the rapid growth of the two cities by focusing on the activity of the most important individuals in the area of commerce and the economy . She is methodical and complete in describing their outsized activities and the results of these , for the most part passing over their personalities and personal lives . Even the author 's notes over 40 pages are worth going through for the facts and comments found in many . Wills is an assistant professor of history at Brooklyn College , CUNY . What her book lacks in color , it more than makes up for in substance and thoroughness . It 's the fundamental economic history on Minneapolis and St. Paul in the middle decades of the 19th century .
 One in a series of charming science adventures for youngsters . Miss Pickerell goes to visit her pet cow one morning and finds a rocketship in the pasture ! It 's a mission to Mars , and a curious Miss Pickerell finds herself accidentally locked inside ! The science is a tad bit dated , being written in the 1950 's , but the adventure and fun will introduce scientific concepts to children and may even awake an interest in science . There are many other Miss Pickerell books , in which she visits the Arctic , space stations , lunar colonies , and goes diving in an atomic submarine ! Charming fun and adventure with a science backdrop is all too rare . Though a bit out of date science-wise , Miss Pickerell 's adventures are sure to be treasured by youngsters . Also an interesting read for nostalgic adults , believe it or not .
 Miss Pickerell 's worries are few
 I found this book in the public library in Washington Heights in New York city when I was a child . I read everyone of the Miss Pickerel books that were available at that time . Glad to find this again , as this one was my favorite .
 Superb . Every home needs a `` masonry heater '' , not just a standard American wasteful fireplace . And that beautiful and functional addition to your home starts right here , with Albie 's book .
 Stanley Hauerwas belongs to that minority , -LCB- along with Will D. Campbell , Clarence Jordan , Daniel Berrigan , S.J. , William Stringfellow , and a few others -RCB- who shake the rafters of conventional christianity . The literal , fundementalist 's who have dominated the media for the past 20 years would be sent into shivers by much of what Hauerwas writes . Essays such as Why Gays -LCB- as a group -RCB- are morally superior to Christians -LCB- as a group -RCB- are brilliant , though I 'm certain would disturb many -LCB- which , is one of the reasons Mr Hauerwas writes . -RCB- Mr. Hauerwas has been on a crusade about the mentally handicapped , and how we can LEARN FROM THEM , and how we can better serve them and become better ourselves -LCB- much of this has been covered by henri Nouwen and the living saint , J`ean vanier -RSB- Still , with essay 's on Karl Barth and William Stringfellow , My Hauerwas once again is challenging in his views of what it means to be a christian in America . Challenging , thought provoking . What better compliment to afford a theologian ?
 `` Blood '' is a well written , somewhat contemporary view of Moorcock 's Multiverse Mythos . The backdrop is an imaginative future America -LRB- patterned after the Post-Civil War U.S. -RRB- where the mining of a power source called `` Color '' has created a tear in the fabric of reality . Entropy runs rampant and we get an idea of what would happen if the War between Chaos and Law spilled over into OUR world . But the perspective is fresh and incorporates some modern physics such as `` fractals '' and `` scale '' to add a degree of science to the fantasy . Even the Gods of Moorcock 's Pantheon have been recast as both players and characters in a hugely complex RPG called the `` Game of Time . '' After a somewhat slow start , I found myself really sucked into this book . It 's a tough read and can be confusing at times , although it pulls itself together nicely towards the end . It 's basically a fresh spin on classic Moorcock . The sheer creativity of `` Blood '' shows why Moorcock was , and still is , one of the pioneers in Fantasy/Fiction .
 Okay , it 's not the Cornelius books -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , it 's not the Elric saga , it 's not really even Corum , but hey 's this is Michael Moorcock we 're talking about here . What we seem to have here is Moorcock attempting something new with his tried and true concept of Law versus Chaos and the multiverse and spinning it into something different . So we 're faced with a drastically different South where the war between those two opposing factions has basically spilled over onto Earth . Into this comes a bizarre cast of characters such as Jack K -LRB- not even attempting that last name -RRB- , Sam Oakenherst and the Rose , who all wind up being sucked into the Game of Time , whether they want to or not . The book turns out to be highly confusing in parts and the beginning is quite slow , introducing the characters and barely moving the plot forward while doing so . However once everyone gets together and things start happening , the book takes on an almost breakneck pace , almost like it 's trying to compensate for the sloth like start . Ideas fly fast and furious around here even in the slow moments , and it sometimes feels like Moorcock is trying to cram several books into one . Surprisingly , I found myself actually caring about the main characters , especially the driven and passionate Jack . Toward the end the book takes on a careening quality , not at all helped by the rather strange Corsairs of the Second Ether sections , which , while good at introducing situations and characters that will become important later in the book , are deeply weird and border on incoherent . The book is almost contradictory , on one hand his descriptions and situations -LRB- especially the Second Ether -RRB- are almost brilliant in conveying the strange nature of these places , but sometimes you can barely figure out what 's going on because so many ideas are being thrown at you for what seems to be little reason . It 's a readable , highly enjoyable book which seems to polarize fans something fierce , judging by reaction . Some of that might be because this is such a radical departure for the multiverse concept and something he would run with in other books , but with a little fine tuning , a pretty good book could become a near masterpiece . Give it your time though and you 'll find many small rewards to be found .
 This book represents a new departure for Moorcock . It is the first book in which he began to amplify and rationalize his ideas about the Multiverse , drawing on Chaos math as created by Mandelbrot . At the same time it looks backward to the entire Eternal Champion saga , further amplifying and resolving that ! If you read this sequence beginning with FABULOUS HARBORS , going on to BLOOD and winding up with THE WAR AMONGST THE ANGELS -LRB- maybe take a peek at Moorcock 's Multiverse graphic novel ! -RRB- you will IMHO get a far more coherent picture of the multiverse . Given that Moorcock is telling a multitude of narratives -LRB- he once said that an ideal story contains as many narratives as words ! -RRB- and exploring an extraordinary idea in a classic ` hard science ' way , yet also , as in the Cornelius books , DEMONSTRATING the thought processes of the kind of people who would live in such an environment , how they would form relationships , achieve personal stability and so on . Another life lesson for the 21st century ? Urban life requires constant minor shifts of identity and perspective , just as work demands increasing response to immediate stimulii , just as good games do . Moorcock is one of the few writers to celebrate the coming age and is n't a bit scared by the prospect of conventional literacy being under threat . He is already discussing alternatives , as he did in the Cornelius books -- predicting what the technology does and predicting what the technology can do to make human life and love rich , profound and -- totally HUMAN . What always marks Moorcock , in his imaginative fiction as well as his social fiction , is his focus on humanity . Ultimately it is why he stands head and shoulders above most of his contemporaries and is doomed , like Leiber , Dick and Ballard , to name a few , to be forever ahead of his time . Get these books while they are still around . You might not completely understand them now , but you will !
 MM 's `` Blood '' is likely not everyone 's cup of tea . The narrative is complex and demands the reader 's full attention . But if you are willing to make the effort and do not demand that the story make sense immediately , I think you will find the experience of reading it enormously fun and rewarding .
 Blood is a wonderfully complex , descriptive and at timesconfusing book . The confusion however is part of the ride , and by the end of the novel the confusion is washed away andeverything makes sense . The plot revolves around one JackKaraquazian , a gambler in the future of a world which israther different to ours , and the people around him.Exploitation of a new energy source has caused reality tostart breaking down . Allowing an access to another world , the second ether , where roles are assumed and thepaticipants take part in the game of time . This is a verywell written book , and the prose flows beautifully . Adeceptively quiet start leads onto a riotous display ofcolour and imagination , as the novel is played out to itsnatural conclusion . Its originality may take a few bysurprise , and it is difficult to find reference points inother fiction . It is classified a Science Fiction/Fantasynovel , but it has many elements of the literary , morenaturalistic novel , whilst incorporating a great deal ofchaos theory . Each part is broken up by short segmentsof an `` ongoing tale '' , the story of Captain Billy Bob Beggand her Chaos Engineers . Very difficult to read , highlycompressed fiction , supposedly by Warwick Colvin Jr -LRB- one ofMoorcock 's Pseudonyms -RRB- . As Moorcock states , it is notnecessary to read these to understand the rest of the novel ; but , they do explain something of the characters that are soimportant in the latter stages of the book . It would beimpossible to display all the nuances and complexities ofthe novel in a short review like this -LRB- or even a longerone -RRB- . Overall a worthwhile book from a great , utterlymodern , author .
 This is a very baroque South . Sam Oakenhurst is looking to encounter a lost love , the Rose . The Roe has her own strange agenda.The same can be said of the best of the best of the jugadors , Jack Karaquazarian , who is also looking for a lost love . More importantly though , for such a gaming talent , there is the Game of Time.The Game of Time will have important consequences for the multiverse .
 If you have ever wondered what your life would have been like if you 'd chosen another path , this is the book for you . Standing Still is an engaging roller coaster ride of emotions , certain to leave you wanting more . Flash backs , and current time scenarios give you deep insight into the heroines feelings of confusion , and a true understanding of the importance of closure when moving on in one 's life . Poingent and touching , you will not be disappointed by this read from a fresh , new author taking the literary industry by storm .
 This is a wonderfully well written book ! Great story about young love and what comes next ! A real page turner ! Ca n't wait for a sequel !
 A must read for anyone who ever wondered ` what would have , could have , may have happened if ... ? ' I can not wait for Ms. Webb 's next offering !
 If you 've ever wondered * what if * about a past love , this is the book for you !! A GREAT read !!!
 Standing Still is one of those books you just ca n't put down . With every page you are wondering , `` What will she do ? '' This thought provoking story line will make you wonder as well , `` What would I do ? `` I highly recommend this book from up and coming author , B.A. Webb !
 `` An excellent offering by an accomplished writer . Definitely bound to become a cult classic with the twenty to forty-something crowds . Standing Still portrays a real story with a great deal of soul . The author weaves a story of the contemporary woman on the edge , brilliantly interjecting flashbacks to the 80 's with impecable timing and skill.As I was reading , I was always looking forward to the resolution and found myself riveted every step of the way . A highly recommended read ! '' - Char Williams
 Standing Still is the best book I have read in years ! It is a wonderfully written story about coming full circle that left me with a renewed sense of inspiration . Renee , the main character , reflects through years of emotional confusion , relenting over the ` should haves , could haves , would haves , ' only to finally learn that embracing the here and now is really what matters . Ms. Webb 's writing style is such that the mind 's eye vividly recreates every scene , leaving the reader hanging on to every word . Once I started reading ` Standing Still , ' I could n't put it down , and I am anxiously awaiting further releases . I definitely recommend this book to anyone who has ever second guessed themselves or needs an inspirational boost .
 B.A. Webb did an outstanding job in making me feel as if I were a teenager , in the 80 's , once again . The music , the language , the relationships ; the author made those memories come back to life for me . Memories of a first love , first passions , and the trace lingering of those wants continue on throughout life . Ms. Webb stated exactly how many women , like myself , see our past and sometimes daydream about all the ` What if 's ? ' . This book had me hooked right from the first page and I was n't able to put it down until every word was read . Afterwards , I was left with a sense of knowing that one can never be truly happy in life until we learn to define our own worth . I look forward to reading more of B.A. Webb 's work !
 Renee Callahan realized too late that you ca n't go back . It had been years since she had put her past behind her . The death of her first child , the disastrous marriage that produced her young daughter Amber . With the exception of Amber , her life had been uneventful . Now she was in a new relationship with a man who not only loved her but her daughter as well . So why was she digging into the past?Her thoughts went back to that day so long ago in summer school when she met Mike Palenik . He seemed so not like her or her crowd but there was something about him that drew her to him . They became close even when her friends did n't understand it . It was Mike that was her first love , her first sexual encounter and the father of her first child who died prematurely.She began to relive that past in her mind until she had to see him again . Had to make him realize she still cared for him.Walking out on her own wedding she left town without telling anyone where she was going . Her hope was to find Mike and together they would see that they were apart too long . But Renee should have known that she broke his heart and when she left him , he not only moved on he found a new life also.A tale of romance that really is n't one that we are used to . It seems more realistic in a way . I feel sorry for Renee holding all that love for so long and never really able to tell him . No fairytale romance here but one that is as real as life can get.Mildly sensualReviewer
 Pita 's characters take us on an all consuming , passionate exploration of love and sexual desire from around the world , utilising cultures and centuries we can only imagine.Maria Isabel Pita takes us through a collection of 18 erotic stories which capture the enthusiasm and passion of different women throughout the ages , with astounding precision . The author displays an unusual , albeit ingenious , imagination that opens the book with Out of Control , a short story set in futuristic Canada 2015 . It 's difficult to suggest favourite as I enjoyed them all , however , the stories which stand out the most include my literary trip to 1636 Transylvania , in Song of Blood , reading of the Secret Societies in Italy , 1500 's , through to the year 3000 B.C , Crete in The Double Axe . Oh yes , then another solar system , Star Crossed and then a final pit stop in a parallel universe , Light After Breath . Should you wish to read from the last tale to first you can , as they are standalone stories , and can be read in any order.What I liked about Guilty Pleasures is that with each tale comes a new premise , amalgamated with historical facts and wonderful , descriptive exposition . Every character is written with a fresh , unique outlook on love and life appropriate to the chosen historical era . This fact alone , hooked me from the first sentence , or at least the opening paragraph of each story . Ms Pita varies the pace of her writing , in a well-planned effort to intrigue and arouse the reader . All in all , Maria 's ability to mix the erotic pursuits of her characters with entertaining , sometimes shocking twists and turns , ensures a believable , dynamic ending to each self-contained story . Out of the whole collection , there was only one story where the denouement was n't quite as surprising -LRB- or perhaps interesting -RRB- as the rest , but that 's not a problem , just a different style.It is clear from Maria 's writing , she a talented erotic writer who holds a passionate interest in history and their correlating cultures . Some of her stories are slightly peppered with an S&M ; flavour , but more often than not , the true sadistic behaviour of her characters are indeed the main source of nourishment and sexual satisfaction . These stories capture a mixture of cruel , sensual overriding power , and exotic scenes ; intensifying the creative suspense of an exhilarating read and all consuming passions , not to be missed .
 Maria Isabel outdid herself with this anthology of erotic short stories that span the world , time , and those oh so so naughty thoughts and deeds that make erotica so much fun to read ... The 18 stories covering the authors musings ' over the years from Toronto in 2015 , Zanzibar in the 1800 to Egypt in 1000 BC are also so varied , from the gentlest of stories such as ` The Bride of Christ ' where the author totally captures the sweet innocence of the erotic daydreams of a young nun in Portugal in the 17 hundreds , to ` Song of The Blood ' a HOT ` no holds barred ' erotic , deadly and blood filled sexual perversion of a warrior prince and his ` pit bull on steroids ' wife , in Transylvania in 1636 . For my particular tastes , ` Secret Societies ' from Italy in 1500 's is probably some of the best erotica that the author has written ... very much on par , if not better than the best of Eururopen erotica authors over the years ... Avery very enjoyable diversion for any mood ... . WOW
 Though some of the works here are better than others , such as `` Milagro '' , and `` The Integral '' , Ms. Pita offers enough of a variety with a master 's stroke that most tastes will be satisfied .
 This was a great book ... full of exciting twists and turns ... I could not put it down !!! The plot was very well thought out and the characters were deep and intense ... the descriptive language used was excellent !! I would definately read another book by this author - !
 This is really wonderful Sci-Fi . Ordinarily , I am not a fan of the genre but Empey gets inside the characters and makes them come alive . I highly recommend this must read !
 In response to negative review , Steve Perez worked at the Santa Cruz Sentinel for about 10 years . Perez wrote on the homicides in Santa Cruz County . The Sentinel is owned by a division of Dow Jones Inc , and one of the largest stockholder is Mary Bancroft 's daughter under the Jane Bancroft trust . Mary Bancroft was a CIA agent and she was the lover of CIA Director , Warren Commissioner Allen Dulles and CIA assest Henry Luce . If you had read first half of the book and gave up you would have read Perez 's work . There may be a couple of type'os possibly because when using Quark Express I had to take manuscript to Kinko 's and another high grade printer . When I load program it reformatted the text for the entire volume . I went through to clean them up . Have had few complaints since 1996 . Many in the JFK assassination community have praised the volume for it 's damning evidence against on George de Mohrenschildt 's ties to Prescott and George Bush Sr. . Bruce Campbell Adamson
 Although this book could be a bit of a headache for anyone who 's grown accustomed to an easy pulp-fiction read , it is nevertheless impeccably researched . The material presented , everything from court documents to official correspondence to casual correspondence , presents a startling factual picture of `` the ties that bind '' , and manages to avoid the Usenet-style conspiratorial bent that shows up in most other books documenting the strange Dulles-Kennedy-Bush triangle . American history at its strangest!Five stars for tracking down and formatting the immense volume of material in this book , and five stars for having the couage to print it . A bargain at any price - in fact I 'll trade my copy for a nice Texas gusher , if anyone 's interested ...
 What other publisher will publish the truth ? Reviewer must have a political This evidence contains evidence that proves George Bush Sr. was involved in JFK 's demise no other news agency will touch it .
 I find this volume well researched and extremly incriminating . Why are so many people happy with this volume on Ebay . Adamson has many positive reviews on Ebay . Everyone who has purchased the volume has left a positive review , it seems on EBAY at user I.D. at ciajfk.com . If it is so hard to follow , why are they happpy ? C.W.
 Wade Armstrong spends thirteen years proving himself to the small town of Big Falls , Oklahoma . He wo n't be happy until he 's the most successful businessman in town , and owns the biggest house on the highest hill so he can look down on them all . Too bad Wade procrastinated too long before signing the contract for the house of his dreams . When he arranges to meet the real estate again , Edie Brand shows up as well . His efforts to sandbag her purchasing the house backfires , and now she 's moving into the house he wanted.Edie left L.A. when her contract as a lingerie model was fulfilled . Speculation abounds , but tabloids failed to trace Edie back to her hometown . She 's kept a low profile , but the stalker that drove her out of L.A. finds her , leaving a `` gift '' of handcuffs in a plain box in her mother 's kitchen . She does n't tell anyone of the numerous `` gifts '' and letters the stalker sent , or just how threatening they have become . The threats drive her out of her mother 's house and into a place of her own so she can protect her family from lurking danger . And now Wade has taken it upon himself to protect her.Book two of The Oklahoma All-Girl Brands miniseries continues the excitement with pizzazz in BRAND-NEW HEARTACHE . Maggie Shayne presents a vividly realized , fast paced novel with extraordinary characterizations and a terrific plot . When opposites clash , Edie and Wade find that have quite a lot in common , beginning with hidden interest stemming all the way back to high school . Secondary characters are likewise believable and enchanting , including a mother who 's never wrong and an empathic sister who sense energy flows . A fabulous read , BRAND-NEW HEARTACHE comes very highly recommended .
 I liked this story of two people who misunderstood each other in high school but come to rely on and love each other later in life . Wade is an appealing hero , and Edie is vulnerable without being weak . The story was well paced and kept my interest . Shayne 's Brand stories continue to be enjoyable .
 I think that this book is an excellent textbook for teaching entry level college psychology courses and upper level high school courses on children 's development and thinking . I really enjoyed using this textbook in one of my Elementary Education psychology courses mainly because it gives interesting theoretical views about children 's thinking . This textbook has theories from well-renowned psychologists such as Piaget , Vygotsky , Jean Jacques Rousseau , John Locke , and Freud . If I had to recommend this book to someone , I would recommend that teachers , psychologists , counselors , and anyone who deals with children on a daily basis obtain a copy of this book . It is an excellent source of information for understanding children 's behaviors , learning styles , and cognitive capabilities at varying stages of life .
 Applefeld exquisitly treats the decline of two cultures-one bent on destruction the other looking for salvation-but each determined to deceive the other . As a contribution to holocaust literature , Badenheim presents a stunning case for preventing a similar occurence .
 Well written with a sense of humor about a very tragic period of time . I liked his style of writing with a story told from a different point of view .
 Aharon Appelfeld 's beautiful and highly polished novel , Badenheim 1939 was originally published in Hebrew in 1975 . Although the Holocaust forms both the historical backdrop of the novel as well as its imaginative focus , it does so from behind-the-scenes and , as such , is subtle and implicit in its assertions , all to its enormous credit.Badenheim 1939 is set at an Austrian vacation resort during the spring of 1939 . A seemingly unremarkable assortment of middle-class Jews on holiday have gathered at Badenheim , only to later be united by what would become history 's most atrocious turning point . The `` Music Festival '' resort of Badenheim will , soon enough , become a place of Jewish detainment from which the only exit will be via forced transport to Poland.The vacationers , however , for the most part , remain in blissful unawareness of what is to come . Spring is in the air and summer is about to blossom ; the Jews spend their days strolling the hotel gardens , visiting the cities caf&eacute;s , sampling strawberry tartes at the local pastry shops , engaging in sports and bickering , gossiping , bargaining and complaining , much as any other vacationer . The mounting horror , which every reader of this sensitive and elegant book will realize , is made all the greater by the fact that it is a horror the characters simply can not , or will not , see.Badenheim 1939 is written with an artistic subtlety and insight with which most modern readers remain sadly unfamiliar . Appelfeld 's concern , in this book , is with the prelude to the German catastrophe and not with its actual occurrence . The author , himself a Holocaust survivor , makes virtually no mention of the Nazi atrocities and shows no interest in the graphic portrayal of the brutalities committed . Appelfeld is certainly not oblivious to the facts , he simply has chosen to place his focus elsewhere . In Badenheim 1939 , the Holocaust is an incipient threat rather than a full-blown horror.Appelfeld 's prose is more akin to lyric poetry than to narrative fiction and shows a tremendous gift for rhetorical restraint that is rare among writers . This is a beautiful and quiet tale , exquisitely told with imagery , understatement and indirection . The effects of the narrative accumulate and change in much the same way the seasons do , in increments that are minimal and yet extraordinarily moving . This is history , but it is history perceived at its most mundane . In this remarkable manner , Appelfeld creates something of extraordinary beauty and yet , manages to intensify the tragedy.In the end , Appelfeld 's characters do , of course , suffer the horrors that befell all Jews , of every nation , whether directly or indirectly . The genius of Badenheim 1939 lies in its projections of a gradual , incipient menace and its portraits of Jewish reactions , which range from ready adjustment to slowly unfolding despair.It is in the space between the reader 's knowledge of what is beginning to unfold for the Jews and the latter 's own blindness to it that the book registers its most powerful impact , once again doing so without any direct reference to the ovens , the gas chambers or the camps . Appelfeld 's artistic beauty lies in his amazing ability to suggest rather than describe . Giorgio Bassani was able to do something similar in The Garden of the Finzi-Continis but Appelfeld is , perhaps , the more superior.Rarely has the tragic end point of Jewish fate been invoked no clearly and disturbingly and yet so indirectly . We come away from Badenheim 1939 as though from a finely-rendered tone poem , complete with the knowledge that we have been absorbed into a special moment in time and in feeling ; in this case , the moment just before the trains departed for Poland , the final pause before the end .
 Badenheim is a quiet , idyllic holiday town in Eastern Europe . The ` leader ' of the town , Dr Pappenheim , is busy preparing for the annual festival , writing letters and sending telegrams to beg and plead for musicians and artists from Vienna.While the preparations are under way , the Sanitation Department begins quietly undertaking a rigorous inspection of each and every house and shop in Badenheim . Among the many questions asked is how many and who of the residents are Jewish . The vacationers and locals alike think nothing of the questions , nonchalantly confirming or denying their religion , and returning to their food , their wine , their entertainment . Here and there , a few people discuss the increasing powers of the Sanitation Department - they have just recently closed the Post Office - but nobody seems to mind . Badenheim is quiet and peaceful , and that is how they like it.Time passes . The impresario , Dr Pappenheim , is still writing letters , but he senses that they are going off into the void , never to return . A few - very few - letters are still allowed into Badenheim , but for the most part , the Sanitation Department has closed off the city . Guards are posted to deny entry or exit to any man , woman or child of Jewish descent . It happens so slowly that nobody really notices , but at one stage , almost all of the non-Jewish people have gone , and of the tiny trickle of visitors allowed into Badenheim , every person is a Jew.There is a quiet horror to Badenheim 1939 . Throughout this very short book , it seems as though with each page , the oppression and terror of World War II is approaching the Jewish people of Badenheim , but they never see it . With every freedom slowly being denied - the shops are closed , the gates are sealed , outside communication is forbidden - the reader is left to wonder if this time , if this time when the Sanitation Department closes the pastry shop , say , will they understand ? But they never do . Everything happens over such a long period of time , and so quietly , that nobody really seems to realise when they are suddenly trapped , except for a few minor characters who are slowly going mad , the cracks in the calm facade they have wrapped themselves in widening with every minute.This book is most effective because we know what happened to the Jews post-1939 . We know where they are going , and what will likely happen to them . The Sanitation Department assures them that they will be transplanted to Poland , and everything will be fine . They believe because they have to believe . Towards the end of the novel , the razor wire , the guns , the dogs all make an appearance . To ignore what is happening is suicidal , and yet they do . After all , how could a race of people imagine that they would be persecuted in such a terrifying manner ? Surely , their minds would shied away from such horrible information , from the mere idea that a man - a country - wanted to eradicate six million of them ? And yet , that is what happened , and that is how the novel ends , a perfect , bleak , dark ending that is all the more horrifying for how completely reasonable every single tiny little step leading up to their incarceration inside a derelict train , headed , presumably , for Auschwitz.Badenheim 1939 is a powerful book because it shows how easy it is to accept something unacceptable , if it is presented in small , reasonable , easily palatable pieces . None of these characters are overly bad , or good - they are absolutely normal . They squabble , they argue , they love , they laugh , they sing , they cry . In fact , throughout the entire novel , nothing untoward happens to any of them - except for the encroaching holocaust .
 Aharon Appelfeld , one of Israel 's greatest writers , has had only a handful of his 40 books translated into English . It 's too bad . Then again , it 's too bad Appelfeld did n't write `` Badenheim 1939 '' under the pen name `` Albert Camus '' -- if he had , this 148-page novel would be taught alongside `` The Stranger '' and regarded , rightly , as a modern classic.Appelfeld is a very unlikely writer . But then , it 's remarkable that he 's alive . Born in Romania in 1932 , he was a quiet boy , an only child . He was just 8 when the Nazis shot his mother and deported him and his father to a concentration camp in the Ukraine , at which point they were separated for twenty years . Aharon escaped to Russia , where he was a shepherd . In 1944 , at 12 , he joined the Russian Army . When the war ended , he made his way to Italy and , finally , to Palestine . He spoke so many languages he could n't express himself in any . And he had only a year or two of schooling . But he managed to enroll in college in Jerusalem and , soon after , to begin writing stories in Hebrew.Appelfeld has one great subject
 A beautifully haunting tale of people oblivious to the impending doom of Nazism . This book is a must read for everyone ; Jewish or not ; as a reminder that complacency is as dangerous as ignoring the lessons of history
 Badenheim is a an Austrian resort town whose denizens are almost all Jewish . This short novel describes the reactions of the residents of the town as preparations are made to deport them ' to the East ' . It describes the gradual series of changes in which the town is slowly closed down , and its residents denied their privileges and enjoyments . A number of characters stories are highlighted including the Impressario Pappenheim who has for years organized the Music and Dramatic Festivals in the town.The story of a half - Jewish waitress who identifies with the Jews and who injures herself in desperation is also told . Also an assimilated writer who mocks Herzl and Buber and worships the satiricial Karl Kraus is despicted . Most of these characters are living in the delusion that they are about to be deported from Austria to go to a better life in the East , in Poland . Appelfeld is a master of depicting these small games people play with themselves , these small self - deceptions which keep them from facing a horrible truth.In the end the town closes down and the residents and vacationers of Badehnheim are taken away . When four old dirty trains hook up with them they still refuse to see the reality . And the concluding thought of escape is that they must be going ` on a short journey since the cars are so dirty ' . Assimilated Jews , often self - hating but even more often painfully human in clinging to delusions of their own normalcy and safety are the subject of this work . It is all prelude to the Disaster and Destruction the Shoah which is to destroy them all .
 At first blush , it seemed that author Appelfeld is spotlighting the ignorance of humanity to impending terror by making fun of the characters . But further analysis reveals that Appelfeld in fact was a child when this stain on humanity 's history was unfolding . His elders were in fact hiding their heads in the sand , but then so was the entire world . He may in fact then be crying out and trying to understand why the children were betrayed by the only people who could have any influence in trying to save themselves and their children . If his family and friends acted as fools , then that is the way that he portrays them . And just in looking at his writing style , I think that he is outstanding with straightforward sentences , clean dialogue , and implied conclusions .
 This is the third book by Aharon Appelfeld that I 've read . The other two are memoirs -LRB- `` The Story of a Life '' and `` A Table for One '' -RRB- , and in both of those I felt I 'd come upon treasure . `` Badenheim 1939 '' is , in the sense of having found treasure , no different for me , but of course it is a novel - based on intense reality.I have read a number of the other Amazon reviews , loved most of them , and can not hope to match them . I would just like to add a few thoughts of my own.When the original book in Hebrew was first published in Israel , some people attacked Appelfeld , saying he was `` blaming the victims . '' He was appalled that anyone should think this . In just the same way , I must object to one of the Amazon reviews which says that Appelfeld 's portraits of the characters are `` satirical '' , that he `` dumbs them down . '' I did not experience this at all in my reading of this marvellous and tragic story . The characters are simply human . I recognize parts of all of them , and particularly of the impresario , Dr Pappenheim , who has spent a lifetime at the frustrating task of trying to organize summer festivals and being let down by artists he reveres , so that at first in the season of 1939 he does not stop to realize that the `` letting down '' is greater than usual ; the answers to letters are actually non-existent ; he is attempting to communicate with a void in which Jewish people are no longer recognized . When he does realize , he simply clings to hope . The surprise here is that , the Anschluss having occurred in May 1938 , it was an entire year later that Austrians began rounding up `` foreign '' Jews and unceremoniously dumping them over the border into Poland , via Slovakia . It is also surprising that Jews were permitted to travel - but obviously such `` permission '' was granted with a purpose . One is made aware , though , that while they may not have been collected and dumped prior to this , the Jewish people of Austria had lost literally everything during the spring and summer of 1939 , and many were on the verge of death , as evidenced by the pastry cook having to bury the dead shortly after their arrival in Badenheim - these `` strangers '' began wandering into town at summer 's end , just at the time when Hitler was launching his invasion of Poland . Perhaps this was what he was waiting for before starting his physical extermination of Europe 's Jews on a gigantic scale . These people in Badenheim , at their final summer festival , would not have been sent to Auschwitz in 1939 , as suggested by one of Amazon 's reviewers
 The story took place right before the Holocaust began , at a Jewish vacation resort . One day , the local authorities shut the place down , but forced those visiting to stay in the resort . Over time , they brought many local Jewish citizens to live within the now guarded gates of the resort.The people in the resort initially thought they were pretty damn lucky . They were able to remain at their favorite resort for free ! Authorities brought in cases of food , medications and other necessities and the ` guests ' all had themselves a grand old time . As time went on , they started to get restless and worried . The food stopped coming in and they began to live on the luxury goods being kept in the cellar of the main dining hall . Eventually they were fighting one another for food and raiding the stores within the resort.The story was haunting and uncomfortable to read . Of course you know what 's going to happen to these people , so as you read their initial thoughts of excitement at staying in the resort , you 're filled with dread . Throughout the story they remained full of hope , even in the last pages as the trains came to take them away to the concentration camps.I 'd recommend this book to those with an interest in history or the Holocaust but it really was a disturbing book that is n't for the faint of heart .
 Aharon Appelfeld did not include the date in his title for this novel , written and first published in Hebrew . To the name of the fictional Austrian town in which the action is located , he instead added the information Ir Nofesh , which Gabriel Josipovici in his Introduction -LRB- best treated as an afterword -RRB- tells us means literally City of Leisure , but more colloquially Holiday Resort or Spa.To specify the year is to spur recollection that it was in 1939 that the Second World War began . Appelfeld presumably did not want that . His story is of the temporary ghettoization of Badenheim , preparatory to transport of its Jewish residents to Poland - no doubt ultimately to die in the death camps - but he makes no mention in his story of contemporary or recent political developments , and reveals only by degrees that all his principal characters are Jewish.Some of those characters are only half Jewish ; some have married out , converted to Christianity , or renounced all religion ; some hold exalted positions in academia , the army , commerce ; some are mere children ; two are the town 's middle-aged prostitutes . There is an unborn infant . All are imprisoned in the town and , but for those who , as the months pass , are interred in the makeshift cemetery , and Frau Zauberblit , who is taken back to the sanatorium from which she escaped , * all will ultimately join the long-awaited transport - `` all sucked in as easily as grains of wheat poured into a funnel '' . Appelfeld is rather fond of Badenheim . It is set in pleasant countryside ; the hotel and other facilities are comfortable , if just a little dated ; the same goes for the cultural program laid on for summer visitors ; and the strawberry tarts are irresistible . Appelfeld relishes Badenheim 's residents too . Their reactions to imprisonment and the prospect of deportation vary , but for the most part the Kafkaesque escalation of the powers and activities of the Sanitation Department are accepted without question , and the uncertainties of the longer-term future never confronted . Life 's trivialities go on as ever ; are even nurtured as a means of evading serious thought.Presented in large print over only 148 pages , this is a short novel and , on the face of it , an easy read . The hard part follows reflection on the dark matter that flows beneath the surface , that forms a lake beyond the perimeter fence . We too can evade such thoughts if we wish , but we will be very much the poorer if we do . * Frau Zauberblit , we might guess , is destined to become a victim of the Nazi euthanasia campaign , an early experiment with Carbon Monoxide asphyxiation and covert cremation .
 Badenheim 1939 is the first book of Appelfeld 's that I read , many years ago . His pared down style , which may seem simple at first glance , is one of the things that makes this a great work of literature of any type , not just within it 's genre of Holocaust literature . I was gripped by anxiety knowing what awaited the characters who seemed blissfully unaware of the horrific events unfolding around them . The ending was gripping and unforgettable .
 Jessie Woods , my great great Aunt , has had such a wonder and histerical life . Her facinating stories of her early life as a wing walker , have been put in a book that could n't of been written any better . I would recomend this book to any one who is looking for a good laugh and some teeth gripping tales o walking on the wing .
 Another well written book by Ann Cooper who specializes in the people that lived in thegolden days of aviation . Knowing Jessie Woods , personally , I can say Ann did a wonderfuljob of writing her story .
 A must have for those wanting to know about the growth of civil aviation in the 1920 's and beyond .
 I found this CD to be a great resource in addition to just reading , reading , reading . There are pictures and x-rays and the format gives you a chance to practice taking an electronic exam . Some of the questions are repeated , but it helped me focus on areas I needed to work on most . I passed my boards the first time , and I know this CD helped.Dr . C
 I think this has been a helpful study tool to help prepare for the NAVLE . I like how you get the answer immediately after you answer the question and it gives you a brief explanation . If you did not understand the question or explanation , you were able to go look it up . It helps to realize the type of questions that are going to be on the exam .
 This was a very good book . It follows the story of a grown up Tiny Tim , as he struggles in his adult life . The author does a wonderful job describing England and the time they live in . It is dark and a little disturbing , but a great read . I really enjoyed it .
 Just kidding ... i do n't think louis bayard is a thief for taking the characters from ' a christmas carol ' and creating a sequel . Afterall , scrooge is a minor character here and tiny tim 's ` not so tiny any more , that 's a fact . ' Bayard expands from the point of what became of timothy cratchit after scrooge 's conversion . He was as good as his word and looked after his clerk 's children , especially timothy , who got all the best doctors , private teachers , and a regular allowance , even in his adulthood . The stipend does not allow luxury , but gives Timothy a rather leisurely life.so what does become of tiny tim ? he still has a limp , lives in a brothel , and has become the protector of a reluctant young girl , who apparently has come to the attention of a pedophile ring . for allies , timothy has colin the melodious -LRB- ok , maybe bayard did steal the artful dodger and renamed him -RRB- and a one-handed sailor named gully . his father has recently died , but timothy still sees his ghost -LRB- or at least thinks he does -RRB- . Timothy is a torn character
 Being a big fan of A CHRISTMAS CAROL , I was eager to pick this book up and see where Bayard was going to take Tiny Tim as an emerging adult.I did n't expect what this story had to offer , but as Bayard was loyal to Dickens , he shows us another dark facet of England . The collection and sale -LRB- in effect -RRB- of very young girls to the upper crust of society . And Mr. Timothy Cratchit as its unlikely hero.The language of the book remained true throughout - and the combination of characters fit all the roles I would have expected in a Dickens tale . And while the story itself sometimes stuttered with strange asides tossed in to create time for other things to happen or to show which character was on which side - it was n't the story itself I found myself taken by.I particularly enjoyed the italicized letters that Tim wrote to his deceased father . The language and ideas of a life overlooked , of the love one might feel for one 's parent not realized until it was too late . Of Tim as an adult trying to realize who he is going to be and not having his father to help him through this hardest of times . And realizing how much irritation and anger and impatience he spent on his father when alive as he is haunted by his father 's ghost out of the corner of his eye . All of this as Bayard takes Tim on a journey to seek his own family , his own home.Tim 's letters to his father were the icing on the cake that made me truly enjoy this book and this one line in particular cemented Tim 's missed feelings - `` You had spent months , apparently , determining this configuration -- poring over maps , consulting with omnibus drivers , timing every leg of every day 's journey . Had I been older , I would have realised
 With so much I want to read , it 's hard to set aside time to re-read a book , but my time with Mr. Timothy is never wasted . I think this is the third time I 've read it it in the past 8 years . And it remains
 I really enjoyed this novel the characters were great and I wasnt sure where the story was heading but when it started to resemble the movie ` taken ' about halfway through it got very interesting .
 I stumbled on this book and was intrigued by the premise . I often wonder what happens to characters in books outside of what we are told by the narrator . In `` Mr. Timothy , '' Louis Bayard addresses that question about Tiny Tim of `` A Christmas Carol . '' This was fascinating to read because it raises questions about every well-loved , heartwarming tale we all know . Sure , the characters seem to be one thing on the surface , but what is really going on with them ? What will they be like 15 years later?I thought the writing style was excellent - Bayard does a great job of invoking language that is appropriate for the setting . Be prepared for some tough vocab , though . The story is complicated and well-developed . Some of the characters are interesting , but others seem unnecessary because they are n't looked at in enough detail to be significant . This is the kind of book that requires the reader 's full attention ; do n't expect to read this at super-speed or while distracted or you may find yourself missing important bits of the plot.I think describing this as a literary mystery is accurate -LRB- `` thriller '' is too strong -RRB- . There is enough intrigue for mystery fans and enough depth for people who are into straight literary fiction . Regardless , I really enjoyed this and will be reading more of Bayard 's novels .
 As readers or , like myself , avowed non-readers of the various novels that purport to be sequels to the great novels -LRB- think `` Scarlett '' -RRB- can attest , it is usually a fool 's errand to attempt such a thing . But , once in a great while , o.k. , probably never before , someone pulls off the trick . That someone is Louis Bayard . Mr. Timothy is , as we realize early on , none other than Tiny Tim Cratchitt , all grown up under the , probably less than we expected , tutelage of his `` Uncle '' N -LRB- for `` neezer -RRB- . He is , at 23 trying to find himself after a life less than splendid , by taking up living quarters in a brothel in the seedier section of London -LRB- No , do n't bother re-reading that . You read it correctly the first time . -RRB- Into his life comes , among other things , a child thief not unlike a certain `` dodger '' , a frightened -LRB- and with good reason -RRB- 10 year old Italian girl , several corrupt policemen , a one-handed body retriever , a `` Columbo '' - lik detective , and some of the most horrendous villains ever written . All of this is recounted in almost magical prose , with a period feel that few other modern authors even approach . `` Mr. Timothy '' may not be anyone 's original idea of how `` A Christmas Carol '' might continue , but it is absolutely true to the realities of the time and place in which it occured . Indeed , its portrait of London and its people are nothing short of Dickensian . Read this , savor it , and then ... readit again !
 It is a risky and difficult task to take on a famous piece of literature . Everyone who falls in love with a book likes to imagine how the story continues after the author decides to leave it . A writer who challenges a reader 's imagination does so at his own risk . Failures are legion . But that is just what Louis Bayard has decided to do with Mr. Timothy , a novel based on characters from Dickens ' A Christmas Carol.As the title suggests , the story focuses on Tiny Tim Cratchit , now grown-up and healthy except for occasional twinges in the leg and a slight limp . Despite the support of the still living and reformed Scrooge , Tim is cast adrift upon the death of his father , Bob , and has thrown his lot in with a group of prostitutes where he earns his room & board by teaching the madam to read and write . While there , he becomes entangled with a young , troubled girl . In the process of trying to save the girl he discovers a ring of slavery and murder.It 's quite a plot ! -- not original but deftly handled and interesting mainly because of the risks he takes with character . Here are characters we know -- the Cratchits , Scrooge -- who Bayard has made his own without losing touch with the foundations Dickens has laid . Despite the happy ending we might have imagined at the end of A Christmas Carol , Bayard has not hesitated handing around death , weakness and despair to the Cratchits along with strength and goodness . He is not catering to his readers but challenging them , particularly rabid Dickens fans like myself , and he succeeds . Whatever I ultimately felt about the plot , I totally believed that this is what could have become of the Cratchits . Because of that , I enjoyed this novel immensely.And Bayard has added a cast of new characters almost Dickensian in scope and many -- Gully , Colin , Philomela , and a host of others -- just as memorable . Intertwining these characters and their stories with reminiscences of how the Cratchits got from Dickens to now , Bayard has created a powerful piece of fiction . Having no knowledge of Bayard 's other work , I had no idea what to expect from him but I am very pleased with the result and I think any reader , Dickens fan or not , will find a good read here .
 Tiny Tim is tiny no longer . He is a twenty-three year old man who no longer needs a crutch to walk . The only sign of his childhood malady is a pronounced limp that hurts at certain times of the years . Haunted by his father 's death , he has distanced himself from the rest of the Cratchits and even his uncle Ebenezer Scrooge . He lives in a brothel teaching the madam how to read and when his money runs out , he looks for treasures to be found in the Thames River at low tide.One day he finds the dead bodies of two young girls that have a brand on their upper arm , the same type that he saw on a dead child in a London alleyway . When Philomela , a ten year old girl , comes into his life trying to escape a wealthy and powerful aristocrat , Timothy finds that to keep his own humanity he must rescue her from those who branded her and put them out of business.This dark Victorian Gothic is a moving and powerful tale of where good and evil resides side by side in London of 1860 . Louis Bayard has written an outstanding morality thriller that has Mr. Timothy risking his own life , time and time again to help a poor and helpless orphaned girl who is already hardened by the knocks life has thrown at her . Timothy finds an unexpectedly ally in a street smart urchin who is wise beyond his years and refuses to let the evil that lurks around each corner get a grip on him.Harriet Klausner
 Timothy Cratchitt , now fully grown with his crippling childhood infirmity reduced to a limp and a chronic ache in bad weather , is sadly mindful of his financial dependence on his uncle . Somewhat disappointed in himself for that , he lives in Mrs. Sharpe 's brothel , earning his room and board by teaching the madam of the house how to read . He and his dear friend , Captain Gully , scrape together spending money by trolling the Thames for lost treasures and even by recovering the corpses of the odd suicide or murder victim . With the help of a brash , resourceful young street urchin , Colin the Melodious -LRB- who also happens to be an exceedingly talented boy treble -RRB- , Timothy rescues Philomela , a terrified young Italian orphan girl , on the run from an unscrupulous aristocrat who runs a brutal child sex/slavery ring . Using Timothy 's powerful and eloquent first person narration , Bayard pulls us relentlessly through a deeply atmospheric Victorian crime story that , oddly enough , will charm readers at the same time as it thrills and horrifies them.The charm arises out of Bayard permitting us to witness Timothy 's personal growth as he sadly comes to a realization that , as a young crippled boy , he was entirely self-centred and self-pitying , unaware of his father 's strength , self-sacrifice and intense devotion to his family . In an obvious reference to Mr. Timothy 's forerunner , Dickens ' Christmas Carol , Bayard uses the device of ghostly sightings of Timothy 's father and conversations or letters to his deceased father to reveal Timothy 's contemplations on his personality , the realization of the magnitude of his losses , the maturation of his relationship with his surviving family members and his uncle `` Neezer '' and , ultimately , the release of his father 's spirit to its final happy rest.The thrills arise out of hair 's breadth escapes , high speed chase scenes -LRB- believe it or not ! -RRB- , and Timothy 's relentless pursuit of Philomela 's abductors to the heart of a crime ring whose perversions will run chills up and down the spines of even the most-hardened readers ! The story is driven by extraordinarily well-developed characters , realistic dialogue and quintessential 1860 Victorian London atmosphere and settings . As with any novel that purports to be fundamentally Dickensian in character , there are some positively hilarious comedic moments as well that , rather than distracting from the overall story , simply add to the astounding development of its characters.This novel is a treasure!Paul Weiss
 Hopefully , you have not yet read the editorial reviews for this book . If you have n't , please do n't do so . They share too much of the story , and are almost a spoiler.As you might know , the title of this book comes from Timothy Cratchit , the Little Timmy from Dickens ' A Christmas Carol . Timothy is now a 22 year orphan and lives independently . He is not the cheery little kid from years ago , but kind of a bitter young man . Ebenezer Scrooge -LRB- known now as Uncle N -RRB- , transformed by the Christmas incident of years ago , is a kind and caring old man , looking after Timothy and his siblings.With this background , Mr Bayard develops a mystery thriller . By random reasons , Timothy finds the bodies of two dead girls . Led by the suspicion that both deaths are related , and trying to protect a mysterious third girl he mets , he sets himself to find out what 's going on . Who is killing the girls ? Why ? How to stop him or her?In summary , this is what this work is about.What I liked about this book ? - It 's a nice thriller . Not full of surprises but , in my opinion , solidly built . After a while you will not want to drop the book , you will want to get to the end and find out all about the crimes . - It 's a creative work that takes well-known characters from Dickens and builds a new layer of personality above them -LRB- or , putting it in another way , uncovers to the reader some aspects of the characters ' personality that were not explored by Dickens -RRB- - Mr Bayard has written it reflecting the language of the times . It creates an special ambiance for the book.What is it that I did not enjoy ? - The first 80 pages required some extra effort on my part . It takes a while to get used to the language Mr Bayard used -LRB- which becomes a plus as the book builds the story -RRB- . He also takes some time to set it up . As a result , it has a cumbersome and almost boring beginning . Get past through it , and the book becomes quite enjoyable.I recommend this book to anyone that : - Read A Christmas Carol and is open for a follow-up in which the characters have grown , gotten older and changed - Wants to read a fine thrillerI only suggest you not to read it if you do n't have the patience for the first 80 pages , or if you are not willing to see changes in the personalities of the old novel 's characters.Good read !
 I confess that I bought this book because of the gimmick , i.e. Bayard 's taking the characters of Dickens ' Christmas Carol and then telling us what happened to them in later years . But on reading it , I was surprised and pleased to find that Bayard has produced a novel that is far more than a mere gimmick , showing us Dickens ' so-familiar characters through a different perspective , fleshing them out in intruiging ways and then adding in new characters of his own . We see things now through the eyes of a very different Timothy Crachit , a young man who proclaims himself `` Not so tiny any more , that 's a fact '' in the opening line , struggling both to find his way in the world and to define himself after having spent a lifetime of being defined by others , first by his father and later by Ebenezer Scrooge , whose `` help '' Timothy now desperately longs to escape.Here Bayard shows his real mastery , delving deep into Timothy 's psyche and showing us a character who sees himself as a character , trapped in narratives not of his choosing
 Remember one cold winter 's night , a cute little muffin perched atop his father 's shoulder , wishing God 's blessings upon everyone he met ? This Tiny Tim , who helps the reformation of one of literature 's best loved misers , has long deserved a tale of his own , and Louis Bayard has granted this request in `` Mr. Timothy '' . This story 's yarn starts at a Tiny Tim of 23 , young man , nearly healed leg thanks to the benevolence of his evergiving `` Uncle N '' . Just burying his father Bob Cratchit , Timothy ventures out in the story to make a name for himself , and his own mark on society . Pulling up digs in of all places a bordello , in which he earns his room by teaching its grand madame the fundementals of reading . Like his uncle , he 's haunted by his own ghosts , in the form of his father , whom appears randomly throughout the streets of London through Tim 's eyes.Soon , dear Tim meets a waif , the irrepressable `` Colin the Melodious '' , a nine year old , streetwise urchin who becomes Tim 's Dr. Watson , in the case of several girls found dead along his neighborhood streets . For awhile , the branding of a letter `` G '' on their forearms is the only clue Tim has , until he meets another waif , Philomena . Beautiful of face inspires Tim to help her , along with a lack of English that hinders him , Philomena is the unwitting center of a mystery that only Tim 's pernaciousness will crack.Bayard 's writing is both true to the mid-ninteenth century style of Dickens , and enjoyably brisk . Having command over both slower scenes that develop the story , and faster , action packed scenes that become real page turners -LRB- one involving a carriage that was simply amazing -RRB- , Bayard makes this story come alive and a truly enjoyable read . It does take awhile to adjust to the words he uses , and from time to time , his exacting descriptions of 1860 's London were a bit much to fuss through . Rest assured , you 'll be on your way in the story in no time flat.Do all of our beloved characters of literature grow up ? Peter Pan ? Tom Sawyer ? Tiny Tim ? Perhaps , perhaps . This Tiny Tim certainly will not let you down , and you 'll enjoy your time spent in London with a cast of characters richly drawn and realized in `` Mr. Timothy '' .
 Tiny Tim from Dickens `` A Christmas Carol '' is now all grown up and living in a whore house . That alone was enough to make me want to read this book . Wonderfully imagined by Louis Bayard , Tim becomes obsessed with the bodies of two young girls who both bear the same brand on their bodies . It 's tone and pacing are reminiscent of Caleb Carr 's `` The Alienist '' , as the mystery unfolds in London 's dark underbelly . Peppered with characters from the source material it serves as a dark and thrilling `` sequel '' to a beloved classic . An enjoyable read .
 Mr. Timothy is an amazing book in many ways . A compelling mystery , a trip back in time , and a chance to relish wonderful writing from the first page to the last . The writer displays true genius in his prose and narrative drive , while creating an accessible and fascinating story that will please thriller and literature fans alike .
 Bayard is a startlingly fine writer who has made a number of smart decisions with this novel . It 's not a sequel to A Christmas Carol , as some readers assume . It 's a great thriller that makes just the right use of its source material , slyly dropping in details that are a delight if you know your Dickens , but in no way detract if you 're just reading it as a tightly contructed historical thriller.Remarkable . Definitely a writer to watch .
 This book was recommended to me by one of my male friends who is a fairly discriminating reader . I was enthralled in the story and the setting from the first chapter and was sad when it was over . As many other reviewers on here have superbly written up already -LRB- and with more litearary critic skills than I will ever have -RRB- -- Bayard does an outstanding job of playing in Dickens ' sandbox . This book would make a great gift to the avid fiction readers on your Chrismas/Holiday/Other gift list -- I have two brothers-in-law that are certainly getting a copy from me this year .
 Story starts a little slow but it really delivers after a few chapters and it is interesting to think of Tiny Tim as a yourg man . It was a good read !
 I picked up this book unsure of what to expect , and what I found was not what I pictured a tale about Tiny Tim to be . In the end , I think that 's to Bayard 's credit -- this is the story of Grown Up Tim , still grappling with the ghosts of his childhood in that vague way we all do , knowing something is n't quite right but somehow unable to really articulate why.I had a difficult time getting into the book -- the first quarter was challenging because I did n't feel like I knew Tim at all and I did n't understand exactly what was going on . Once he started writing letters to Bob Cratchit , I felt his character really came alive and I became more engrossed in the story . And once the mystery really started rolling , it was difficult to put the book down.Though I have some criticisms of the book , my overall feeling is one of great admiration for Bayard 's writing , for the characters he created , and for the journey I completed in reading this book . I was left longing for more -- more of Tim 's and the Cratchits ' backstory , more about the future of Tim , Philomela , and Colin -- and that is the highest praise I can give a novel .
 I love the atmosphere in a good Victorian -LRB- or faux-Victorian -RRB- mystery or thriller . MR. TIMOTHY is a very interesting and well-written entry in this genre . Perhaps the masterpiece , top-of-the-line faux-Victorian I have read is Charles Palliser 's THE QUINCUNX but I have been very entertained by MR. TIMOTHY . It presents an excellent character study of the adult that Tiny Tim might have grown to be , is loaded with fascinating Dickensian characters of all walks of life -LRB- from men of the peerage to thieves and prostitutes -RRB- and the story and characters are so well drawn that you feel you 're seeing what 's happening , not just reading about it . And I love the ending . That could not have been better , IMO .
 Did you ever wonder what may have happened to Tiny Tim , the Cratchett family , or old Mr. Scrooge ? Bayard answers that question in a very imaginative and mysterious way . Part historical fiction , part mystery , and part psychological thriller , this book is a wonderful read .
 Dickens has always been one of my favorite authors , so it was with trepidation that I picked up MR TIMOTHY . I had read the PALE BLUE EYE by the author and enjoyed the mystery with Edgar Allen Poe-so I thought I would give it a try . I am glad I did!The first quarter of the book is rather slow going , but if you stick with it , you will be rewarded with an exciting Dickens-type tale . I especially liked that Timothy had grown into an adult that you would have never imagined from reading CHRISTMAS CAROL and it still worked . I also liked that Bayard could insert some humor into a tale that is fairly horrific.On to the next Bayard book ...
 I enjoyed the premise of this novel , quite clever . It 's amazing he pulled it off . It was a thriller that took several unexpected turns . This might be the first book where I marveled at the author 's use of words . It makes me definitely want to read more of his works .
 This is truly one of the most unforgettable novels I 've read in years . I first learned of it in a mini-review in an entertainment magazine . I wonder that it did n't get more press during its initial release , because this is a book that deserves its place on a shelf with the classics , including those of Dickens himself . I do n't suppose it 's giving too much away to say that Tiny Tim has lost his father Bob Cratchit , an initial irony that pervades the entire novel , while his benefactor , Scrooge -LRB- never referred to as such -RRB- remains alive . This is a Victorian murder mystery , a meditation on fathers and sons , and a deeply moving second act for one of the most adored fictional characters of all time . Highly recommended , and high time some trumpets blow to herald this fine piece of literature .
 Usually I am turned off by an author who rides the coat tails of a previous work of fiction , especially a work as famous as `` The Christmas Carol '' . Mr. Bayard did a fine job in describing the evolution of the characters lives and create an interresting & fast paced plot in such a way as to make this work very satisfying indeed . There were morals and life truths added and I had some different observations from the other reviewers but will allow the readers their own fresh experience . I recommend this book .
 The market has recently been deluged with authors trying to out-Mitchell Mitchell , out-Fleming Fleming , or out-Conan Doyle Conan Doyle . Most of these are nothing more than pulp fiction . Bayard 's Dickens parody , on the other hand , complements the original in many ways.MR . TIMOTHY does justice to Dickens in the way Bayard handles the grown-up Tim . Besides the limp , this Tiny Tim is nothing like the original . He 's a cynical chap who 's disappointed in himself for taking Scrooge 's money . He 's reduced to working in a bawdy house , teaching the madame how to read and write.The plot is rather predictable . Bayard has transplanted a repugnant 21st century curse to the 19th century , pederasty . A young girl is found dead , branded with the letter `` G '' ; then another girl is found with the same brand on her upper arm . The cause of death is unknown but the dead girls have frazzled , bloody fingernails . A homeless waif , Philomela , seems a likely candidate to become the next victim , and Tim becomes her protector.Like Dickens , Bayard does his best work with minor characters . There 's an Artful Dodger named Colin the Melodius , who serves as a sidekick to Tim . Then there 's Gully , a retired sea captain who trolls the Thames for dead bodies . Timothy sometimes moonlights for Gully . Like Dickens , Bayard gives each of these minor characters a memorable characteristic . In Gully 's case it 's cats . His landlady is a cat lover ; she has dozens of them , and they drive Gully crazy . But without a good villain you do n't have much of a story and there 's a good one here , in razor-wielding ex-policeman Rebbeck.Timothy is also haunted by the ghost of his father . He sees him everywhere , but when he tries to make contact the man transforms into a stranger . Philomela has the same affliction . It 's nice to think that our fathers watch over us , even after death.Sure , some of this is a little hokey , but then again so was Dickens .
 Mr. Timothy is the story of a grown up `` Tiny Tim . '' With his Uncle Ebenezer 's -LRB- or Uncle `` N '' -RRB- help , Timothy became a man with a slight limp and a great education . Uncle N 's help left Timothy with a sense of always wanting something greater than circumstances allowed . After his father 's death , Timothy finds himself adrift in Victorian England . He takes residence in a brothel and pays rent by teaching the madam how to read . Traveling through the foggy streets of London and trolling the Thames River for dead bodies with his friend Captain Gully , Timothy discovers the remains of two terrified 10-year old girls with the letter `` G '' branded on them . After rescuing a homeless , terrified similar girl named Philomela , Timothy is determined to solve the mystery of what is happening to these young girls . With the help of his young street friend , Colin , the trio has a terrifying and thrilling adventure.While this novel was slow at first , once I got into it , it was hard to put down ! The mystery and adventure were thrilling and had me so enraptured I was reading it in the snow outside while my two sons played . I also was intrigued by what happened to Timothy as he grew up and the entire Cratchit family . It was very interesting to ponder what exactly Scrooge 's help after A Christmas Carol would do to this family . I loved the Victorian detail . I could see Timothy walking the rough streets of London . Bayard does Dickens justice by not only having a thrilling mystery , but also writing about the tough life that children and working people faced in Victorian London.Overall , if you love Dickens , Victorian London , or just a good historical fiction thriller , I highly recommend this novel .
 Sometimes it 's better not to know what happens to a fictional character after the book in which he or she appears ends . This is the continuation of the life of Tiny Tim , all grown up now and just about free of the physical problem with his leg . While this book is not badly written , and the characters well-drawn , it seems that it takes an awfullly long time to get to the point of the plot . Several times I felt like putting the book down , but I kept on reading in the hope that it would imprve . It does improve , and once it gets started it moves along briskly until the end . It 's not a bad book , but it could really use some initial movement to keep the attention of the reader .
 I was a little apprehensive about reading MR. TIMOTHY , but after reading THE PALE BLUE EYE , a book I enjoyed quite a bit , I decided to go ahead and read this one . I found this book to be even more enjoyable.Kudos to Bayard for having the guts to take such a beloved classic character and place him in a situation that we as readers could never contemplate him being in . Bayard does a great job of describing Tim 's life in 1860 London and his descriptions are detailed enough without being over-bearing . Unlike THE PALE BLUE EYE , which I thought was just a bit too long , this book gave me everything I needed in the story and my interest never wavered . I ca n't wait too see what Bayard has in store for us next .
 I enjoyed the pace of the tale ; expecting a victorian novel I got , instead , a murder thriller . Well written , with likable and deep characters . I did n't feel like I was reading Dickens , more like Caleb Carr . But worth a read .
 Dickens ' Tiny Tim returns in a dark , well-told historical thriller.Timothy narrates this beautifully written book , which is not only a 19th-century thriller that will please readers who liked books such as FIEND IN HUMAN and THE ALIENIST , but is also a meditation on personality , maturation and loss . Timothy sees the ghost of his father wherever he goes , and must eventually come to terms with not only his father 's death but his own adolescent behavior and the stresses that Scrooge 's generosity put on his family . -LRB- Scrooge , though appearing , is never named in the text . -RRB- At times the narration slips into sentimentality , particularly when dealing with the father theme . Counteracting this , though , are moments of sensuality and some sensational action , especially a fight on the roof of a racing hansom cab.One thing Bayard does particularly well here is to evoke a vivid , sympathetic character in first person . Timothy 's personality clearly has aspects beyond what this text chooses to explore , and though this is n't the kind of book that normally has a sequel , I 'd be glad to read one.The language does occasionally slip into anachronism , but I found the errors trivial.Definitely recommended .
 What initially drew me to this book was the expanding story of Tim Cratchet -LRB- tiny Tim of a Christmas Carol -RRB- . When a Christmas Carol ends , you feel that everyone lives happily ever after because Scrooge uses his money to make everyone 's life infinitely better . The author does an excellent job of presenting a complex and facinating character in Tim . Tim is more than just a crippled boy who got healed . He is now grown up and dealing with the tragedy of his father 's passing , accepting money did n't make everything better , and finding the courage to help a small girl he barely knows.While I found this book to be very good , I only gave it 4 stars out of 5 because the mystery/suspense story was n't very original . I was more interested in Tim 's character rather than the mystery surrounding young girls turning up dead in London . However , I would recommend it as a facinating read .
 George C. Scott is the only thing missing from Mr. Timothy . Who does n't love A Christmas Carol as well as the myriad movies and retellings it has spawned -LRB- the best being the 1980s version with , ahem , George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge , `` Mickey 's Christmas Carol '' and Patrick Stewart 's one-man show -RRB- ? But did you wonder if Ebenezer was , to Tiny Tim , a `` second father '' ? What happened to Bob Cratchit ... and to Tiny Tim himself?Louis Bayard 's novel Mr. Timothy is not the Cliff 's Notes version of literature but a worthy successor to Dickens , with the same superb special touch for arousing suspense and horror . Ghosts follow young Tiny Tim , now grown into Mr. Timothy Cratchit , specifically a young girl as well as venerable old Bob . An international child-bride kidnapping plot helps Timothy grow beyond the child who owed everything to Ebenezer Scrooge , but we still can hear him say , `` God bless us , every one ! '' The characters are more flawed and likeable than Dickensian models , the villains are the epitome of evil , and we get to see Tiny Tim become `` Not so tiny any more . ''
 Hurrah for Mr. Bayard ! The cover photo drew me in , the dustjacket synopsis intrigued me ... imagine my happy delight when the story turned out to live up to its wrappings and trappings!Mr . Timothy Cratchit is all grown up now and coming to terms with the death of his father and indeed with himself . This tale of mysterious suspense is peppered throughout with excerpts from letters Tim writes to the deceased Bob Cratchit and meetings with/avoidances of his `` Uncle '' Scrooge.If you are a Christmas Carol enthusiast then by all means pick up this book ... but be warned gentle readers ... this is a story of darkness and depravity , not of good intentions and redemption ... lessons of kindness and virtue come from other authors than Mr. Bayard and are given to other kinds of tales than this .
 I read this book over the summer and it was so good that I kept putting it down as I did n't want it to end ! Dicken 's `` Tiny Tim '' is now all grown up at 23 in 1860 and is living in a London brothel , where he teaches the mistress how to read and write in exchange for board . He discovers three dead girls that have died in an unusual way , and he sets out to find out how and why . Include a colourful cast that includes a street urchin and an Italian orphan , and you 've got yourself a fantastic , brilliant read . It is easily one of the best books I 've ever read .
 Following the route of Gregory Maguire , Louis Bayard has taken a fairly minor yet memorable literary character and revisits him at another point in time . Entirely successful with a fun `` DaVinci Code '' - type caper -LRB- pacing not the puzzle -RRB- , Mr. Timothy shines most with Bayard 's Bob Cratchit ghost device/letters and depiction of filthy London . Ending is extremely touching and beautifully written a la Dickens ; also loved clues of Tim 's true sexual orientation
 In 1843 , Charles Dickens brought us A CHRISTMAS CAROL and introduced us to Tiny Tim , a pitiable lad who stole our hearts . That fateful Christmas when young Tim hobbled around in wretched style , old Ebenezer Scrooge spent a fitful night with three ghosts who taught him some hard lessons about stinginess . Now , Louis Bayard shows us Timothy Cratchit in his 23rd year , grown up yet still quite a charmer . And `` Uncle N , '' despite some unwise money handling , pledges a monthly stipend to Tim and demands very little in return -- just the occasional visit.It is the 1860s , and young Mr. Cratchit has found himself lodging in a bawdy house , tutoring the madam in reading in exchange for the room . He leads a comfortable life , his crutch cast off long ago , leaving him with a limp and some residual stiffness . The only thing haunting him now is his father -- recently dead -- who accompanies him on walks or appears atop stone walls with one leg swinging down or perches himself out on a pier with a fishing pole . Tim composes letters to him , searching for peace from every infraction a child commits against his father in a lifetime . In so doing , he writes some very eloquent words . He comes to understand what the dead need from the living , and what the living seek from the dead.One day , shortly before Christmas , Tim happens upon a small corpse , that of a child in her preteens , branded with a grotesque `` G. '' Not long after that , he is confronted with another . He ca n't leave it alone . He finds himself enchanted by the mystery and engrossed in the chase.As Timothy is dealing with his personal ghosts , he catches a glimpse of a girl fleeing through the streets below his window . Their eyes meet for the briefest of moments , but it is long enough to send him in search of her . Colin the Melodious , a shifty youthful character whose trustworthiness is questionable , teams up with Timothy in the quest -- for a fee , of course . Surprisingly , maybe even for Colin , the nocturnal waif is found , a foreign child named Philomela . A bond is quickly formed and the three begin the arduous task of unraveling the mystery of the branded girls while they themselves try to stay alive.As with A CHRISTMAS CAROL , the story takes place one ancient Christmas , with the fogs of London shrouding the streets with the eerie unknown . If any thriller can be said to be heartwarming , this spellbinder from Louis Bayard is just such a thriller . Throughout its too-few pages , Mr. Bayard 's characters stay true to themselves and to their time , showing great complexity and some well-placed irreverence . They come fairly alive on the pages.I had never thought of Tiny Tim in his 20s , but Bayard 's imagination has blessed us with an excellent look at the fellow as a young adult and fashioned a superb tale at the same time . And if Dickens were here to read MR. TIMOTHY , I believe he might smile broadly , even chuckle , well pleased . It is cleverly written with just the right combination of droll wit , sidelong glances at 19th-century London and headlong suspense . -- Reviewed by Kate Ayers
 Mr. Timothy is a wonderful achievement for Louis Bayard , and is full of rip-roaring action set to a wonderfully `` literary '' style . Mr. Timothy takes us on the journey of Timothy Cratchet , who with his trusty companions Colin , the Melodious and the enigmatic Philomela , works to break up a sinister pedophile ring reaching high up into the British aristocracy . Bayard has recreated the world of grown-up Timothy Cratchet - the crutch-wielding tyke from Charles Dickens 's A Christmas Carol - who is now a `` mostly able-bodied '' 23 years old residing in a London whorehouse in exchange for tutoring the madam . He struggles to wean himself from financial dependence on his ancient `` Uncle '' Ebenezer Scrooge , and is haunted by the spirit of his late father -- a man whose optimism and strength the son feels himself incapable of imitating.We first encounter Timothy , during the Christmas season of 1860 . He 's vexed by the discovery of two dead 10-year-old girls , each branded with the letter `` G '' -- one found in an alley , the other fished from the Thames River by Cratchit and his `` diamond in the rough '' best friend Gully . What follows , is a tale of horror and a wonderfully breathless flight through the teeming markets , shadowy passageways and the rolling , sinister foggy London of the 1860 's . Bayard brings the sights , sounds and smells of 19th century London vividly to life
 Tiny Tim , who dresses out at roughly 5 feet 8 inches in this ` sequel ' of sorts to ' A Christmas Carol ' is certianly no shrinking violet ... at least not in the mind of author Louis Bayard.I am very much a fan of novels that take well-established literary , historical , or film characters , such as Elphaba in Wicked , and give them either a backstory or a ` future ' story and tell us more about them ... as long as the author either has the imagination to really wow readers with deviation from the tried and true , or can simply write a continuation of the tried and true with plotting that remains true to the character . In my mind , Louis Bayard has accomplished the latter for Tiny Tim with this novel . ` Orphaned ' now -LRB- with both parents having died -RRB- and finding himself short on siblings compared with his childhood , Timothy Cratchit dwells in the ` underbelly ' of London in his early twenties . He resides in a brothel , teaching the Madam of this establishment to read ... at night he trolls the Thames , a la ` Our Mutual Friend ' with his friend Captain Gully ... and he sees the ghost of his father , Bob Cratchit , everywhere he goes ... haunted by a feeling of things unresolved with his father.Mr . Timothy finds himself drawn into a web of betrayal , torture , and murder as he discovers the bodies of two young girls on the London streets ... and uncovers a sinister , sadistic plot involving other girls of a similar age . But that 's really the most I can give away of the plot that propels this story along . Suffice to say that , along with the mystery element of the tale , author Louis Bayard serves up a cast of characters worthy of Mister Dickens himself -LRB- Colin the Melodious , Philomela the orphan girl , Captain Gully the river-trawler , etc. -RRB- that certainly provides intrigue and entertainment along the way.While I would have loved a novel of a similar size as ` Drood ' -LRB- one of my favorite alternate-history works involving author Charles Dickens or his creations -RRB- , you ca n't have it all . What I did find in this work was a very enthralling , entertaining story which , though much darker in tone than the cheerful , feel-good ending of ` Christmas Carol ' , is a very satisfying read.A wonderful Victorian mystery , full of twists and turns , and chock full of suspense , this thrust back into the world of ` Tiny Tim ' , while not so tiny anymore , is one I will definitely recommend to others .
 Bayard is not Dickens , but his characters and plot propelled me around Victorian London . As a character , Mr. Timothy is drawn with a complexity that defies prediction of his actions . The two children he partners with feel true , with the charm and courage that Dickens gave the children he wrote about . One cares what happens to all of them , and I assure you , much does happen . I found myself savoring the last few chapters , dreading that time when I would reach the back cover and part company with this fascinating group .
 Charles Dickens , English literature 's unmatched character creator , managed to conjure up the most romantic , sweetly sick , maudlin personality ever to poke his tiny head into our Christmas celebrations . The Cratchit dinner party with Tiny Tim 's banal `` What a goose , Mother ! '' is more than enough to turn the cranberry sour on us . I imagine a much older Timothy Cratchit would cringe hearing the tiresome family stories of his infant self , as we all do when our parents , in a flush of narrative nostalgia show our naked-bottom photos to their friends.Louis Bayard assists Tim Cratchit in finding his own voice and getting some dignity , as well as revenge , in the recent thriller Mr. Timothy . Fed up with being a product of someone else 's pity , idealization or philanthropy Tim , upon the death of his father Bob , found his way to the gritty side of Victorian life . Living in a whorehouse , paying his rent through reading tutorials with the resident Madam , Tim acquired an autonomous start , out from the velvet grip of the Cratchits and Scrooge.Robinson Crusoe the book he and the Madam are studying foreshadows many of the themes found in Mr. Timothy
 Mr. Timothy is an engrossing tale from start to finish.Beautifully crafted , the story and descriptions of 1800 's London flow like colorful poetry.Dickens leaves Tiny Tim as a tyke , wishing everyone blessings on Christmas.Bayard continues the tale with an adult , crutchless Tiny Tim , who boards in a brothel and fishes corpses out of the Thames for a bit of pocket money.If you have n't yet read Mr. Timothy , head to the nearest library today -- check it out , or buy it , but do n't miss it !
 Just came across this review I wrote after reading Mr. Timothy in 2007 . I did n't remember enjoying this book so much.For once the book lived up to the accolades of the critics . A very good read , as the Entertainment Weekly review stated : `` There 's not one throwaway sentence in this fabulous ... mystery ... . Shimmering , knock-your-socks-off language ... a subtle character examination , and a page turning plot , one truly engaging book . `` If an actor can carry a major movie cast , then the writing in this book carried a story that was average . I will admit though , the ending touched my heartstrings . I believe it 's ending may have been the emotional climax of the story . The writing was wonderful.The writer , Louis Bayard , used words and sentences to illuminate every crevice of the characters , their settings and circumstances . Not many books ending so subtly can give me as surprising a jolt as Mr. Timothy did.Each supporting character made an impression . Colin the artful dodger , Philomela the survivor , Gully the sailor on land , and stealing a chapter while coming to the rescue of Mr. Timothy was Squidgy . Chief Magistrate Squidgy . The same Squidgy that was into S&M ; at Mrs. Sharpe 's house of ill-repute , Mr. Timothy 's dwellings.Yes , this Victorian novel would have done Charles Dickens proud.It 's made me want to watch `` A Christmas Carol '' once again just to see Tiny Tim and his father during those times.For those critics who found the story uncomfortable in its dealings with child prostitution and 1800 's vice , stop being prudes . It is what it is . Life has not been a box of chocolates for everyone ; many poor folks suffered back then , suffer today and will suffer in the future . That is life.Again , I ca n't remember reading sentences that rang so poetic yet easy to understand and fit perfectly into the story . The writing flowed and brought the characters and the times to life . With the 384 pages of small print it felt like you were reading a huge 900 page novel , like when I read The Crimson Petal and the White . But this story kept a good pace and did n't drag in parts . Sure it may have been kind of predictable but you knew all would end well . Again , the writing brought so much joy to it that you would n't mind if the story just went on and on.Hats off to Mr. Louis Bayard for such a well written and soulful book.Mr . Timothy .
 All I can say when I read an extraordinary book that I mistakenly discovered is Wow ! Mr. Timothy is one of those books and Louis Bayard is one hell of a fine writer . In the age of empty-headed Hollywood-esque tripe it is refreshing to find an author with a flair for craft and a talent for storytelling . Mr. Timothy is the latter account of Bob Crachitt 's young lame son Tiny Tim from Dickens ' A Christmas Carol . Late 19th century London . The corpses of little girls showing up with the letter G branded onto their flesh . Dark . Stunning . Gritty . Bayard takes us on a jouney through the teeming city and spares no expense in making the reader realize what life in that day in that city was really like . No sugar glaze here . Stripped back and raw , like an open wound is what Bayard is going for . And his crafted words are so Dickensian , so relevant , that not a single breath is wasted on nonsense . Not since mark Frost 's The List of 7 or Caleb Carr 's The Alienist have I been this riveted in a period piece . Extraordinary ! He reminds me of a budding Dan Simmons and that is a great thing!Dig it !
 Author Louis Bayard takes a long , hard look at the child character Timothy `` Tiny Tim '' Cratchit of Charles Dickens ' `` A Christmas Carol '' and constructs a fully realized and completely plausible adult version , complete with neuroses , uncertainty and the directionlessness of young adulthood . Mr. Timothy , as he is now known , lives a dissolute , aimless life on the fringers of 19th century London society , or at least he does until he repeatedly spots a young homeless girl who , for reasons he does n't fully understand , seems to call to him.The life of the girl rapidly intertwines with that of Mr. Timothy , and before long , the title character finds himself deeply enmeshed in a web of depravity , deceit and danger , involving not just sinister , corrupt policemen , but a chillingly charming aristocrat , and potentially , even some he thought to be friends.On top of all that , Mr. Bayard writes in gorgeous sentences that are simply a joy to read , and while there are some cliched characters here that keep the book from reaching a full five stars , `` Mr. Timothy '' remains a worthy , thoroughly enjoyable read .
 The title character in this Victorian-era thriller is none other than Tiny Tim of Dicken 's `` Christmas Carol . '' He has outgrown his cane and is trying to outgrow the financial aid of `` Uncle '' Ebenezer . He now lives in a bordello and in his spare time helps a friend dredge bodies out of the Thames , searching pockets for any leftover trinkets . When Timothy discovers the bodies of two dead girls with similar brands on their upper-arms , he becomes an amateur sleuth in a yarn that brings to mind The Alienist . This is a fun updating of a well-loved literary character that is also a page-turning mystery .
 This is a sequel toA Christmas Carol , starring a grown up Tiny Tim Cratchit . It 's a fine book , but it 's not the book that Dickens would have written , had he chosen to do so . For one thing , this book has some curse words in it that Dickens would n't have been allowed to use even if he wanted to . But the vulgarities here are appropritate to the characters , so I have no objections to them . Louis Bayard does a fine job of evoking the London of 1860 , and I think a lot of people will enjoy this book . But some people may be disappointed that Ebenezer Scrooge has a relatively small part in this book .
 Tiny Tim grows up amid the slums of London . Interesting but not as satisfying as it could have been . There are also some slight anachronisms but I 'll let you find them . I 'm glad I read it , but it did n't stick in my mind as , let 's say , `` Drood '' did .
 Ok i know im only 14 but the Christmas Carol is fresh in my mind . I do n't think Tim developed very much in the story . I honestly want to know more about Colin and Philomela . The story was surprising , as i was exepecting that the story was going to circle Timothy but it hit a rape ring ! It was deep and that is great , unfortunately i had to make a childrens book on it . Uh ...
 This is a really phenominally detailed synopsis of six lessons of basic technique with Yehudi Menuhin . It is definitey not for beginners though . All levels of players can benefit from the information in this book . It starts with stretches and works its way through how to hold the instrument and use the bow . No matter how ong you have been playing , emphasis on the basics like this is always good to review periodically because we all fall into bad habits . Should be on everyone 's shelf right next to Simon Fisher 's `` Basics ''
 These lessons are very concise and precise about a broad of basic elements on violin playing technique , excellent for violin players of any level !
 The response time was really excellent . However the address for sending was not the one i opted for . It sent to another of my addresses . a pre-confirmation before sending would be helpful . Such pre-confirming coul be done after aorder but before sending and time limit could be set for Customer re-confirmation .
 `` Mouse and Mole were the best of friends . They had fun together . They shared everything . They trusted each other completely , even with their deepest secrets . When one was sad or not feeling well , the other was always there to comfort him . That 's how much they loved each other ... '' All was perfect , until the night they saw the falling star shoot across the sky . Then jealousy and suspicion raised its ugly head as the two good friends began to squabble over who the star belonged to , who saw it first , who would find it , and whose wish would come true . `` The days rolled by , and summer was nearly over ... '' Mouse and Mole were sad and lonely . They missed each other and all the good times they had together ... . A.H. Benjamin 's gentle text is complemented by John Bendall-Brunello 's charming and engaging illustrations , and together word and art send a simple message about the importance of friendship that wo n't be lost on even the youngest readers . With a clever , satisfying , happily-ever-after ending to set everything right again , Mouse , Mole , And The Falling Star is a sweet and heartwarming preschool crowd pleaser .
 Teaching to appreciate what you have . Try to express both good and bad feelings . Playmates actually become friends . The back and white illustrations are as good or better than those with color . Playmates are separated through selfish thoughts .
 Pea Pod Babies is a delight from start to finish . My 2-year-old son loves the deft , lighthearted rhyme , and the adventures of the three very different little pea pod babies . A celebration of individuality and sibling harmony that I recommend wholeheartedly . The illustrations are breezy and beautiful too .
 This is a very sweet book . I bought it for my GBG triplets . My triplets have very different personalities and like the Pea Pod Babies have many of their own unique adventures . My kids love this book and so do I !
 Love the book and we just insert our kids names sometimes when we read it to them . Each of the peapods personalities fits one of our kids so it really is a fun book to read to them
 The book was in great condition and it is a great story , but the seller neglected to include that their was a personal note inside the cover .
 Karen Baicker is a fantastically different and fun author . Collect all her books -- they are worth it .
 We just received this lovely book about three very different peas in a pod . After lots of cootchy-cooing from mummy and her friends and all of the samey-samey stuff that triplets often receive sweet pea , snap pea and snow pea break away and have fantastic adventures . This beautifully illustrated tale celebrates individuality , especially for multiples . We plan to donate a copy to our school library when our triplets are a bit older !
 I first heard of this book about a year ago when the co-authors , a husband and wife team from New York were interviewed on t.v. I enjoy historical fiction and really enjoy mysteries ; it 's not often you can find both . `` The Dutchman '' takes place in New York City in 1664 when it was called New Amsterdam . The Schout -LRB- sheriff -RRB- Pieter Tonneman is trying to solve a couple of murders during the time when the people of this `` small '' town are also concerned about the invasion of the English . Although one might think a story of this time is dull or stuffy , it is not . It 's very interesting . The authors also throw in little known , but interesting facts . For example Wall Street was there from the very beginning , but not as a financial center as we know it now . It literally was a wall used as a protector against invaders . Also it tells about an island close by called Brueckelen , which is now Brooklyn.When I first started looking for this book , it was very hard to find . It was already out of print , although it had been published in 1992 . I could n't find it in bookstores , nor in my library . But now I see it 's available in hardback and paperback here on ... -LRB- this website -RRB- . So if you like a mystery that has a little different twist and can find a copy I suggest you try this book out .
 I enjoy history and this historical fiction was terrific . Having grown up in the NYC area , I found the historical aspects very informative . The plot was complex but engaging . After reading this book by Maan Myeyers , I went on to read the entire series . A very good read and I recommend it .
 This book gives you 60 stained glass angels and cherubs that can be done in a variety of art forms . The patterns for the most part are very detailed in the wings and flowers within the patterns . These patterns are not for beginners because of the amount of detail .
 I like to paint on glass and love Angels . This box has great patterns . I have used it a lot and the angels are great to paint .
 David E. Meadows has not only established himself as today 's prolific author of military thrillers , he has stamped a style that TV producer Donald P. Bellisario loves . His characters have a sense of humor in the midst of dire circumstances . It 's a playfulness that Bellisario hires scriptwriters to inject into each of his military TV series-currently JAG and NCIS . In his Joint Task Force series , Meadows develops ongoing characters , whom we meet in each book , depending on their mission or circumstance . We live with them . We feel for them . And they age just like us through the series as their responsibilities and duties draw them into even riskier missions , so we cheer them on , as real men doing impossible jobs . This is an endless expectation of the military since many of their political bosses have no similar experience or training to base their orders on . I saw this for myself on a magazine assignment with Canadian peacekeepers following the Rwanda genocide in 1994 . Just the replacement of a small part to keep a lift truck running becomes a crisis that requires miracle intervention and innovative thinking in ` tactical ' settings-you ca n't call them ` combat ' when the parties are n't officially at war . And so Meadows ' people survive doing the impossible while protecting the United States from terrorists and power-hungry allies.What has fascinated me through the Joint Task Force series is the rivalry with France along with the ongoing battle against terrorism . Most military and spy thrillers writers target potential enemies in Middle East or Asian countries , such as China and North Korea , whereas Meadows tackles a so-called ally . As I observed in Rwanda firsthand , the treachery of France is a realistic possibility.Aside from the background of Meadows ' writing , he 's a ` top gun ' storyteller . In this book , `` France , '' he opens with a blood-curdling scene that begins with this dialogue , `` I know what you 're doing . '' What is the culprit doing ? Stealing plans for a laser weapon the U.S. Navy is developing . Who is running the spy ? France . Why ? Because France wants to shake up the balance of power in the world . Of course , none of this is revealed in the first chapter . The greedy technician kills two fellow workers to keep from being discovered and just as you think he 's going to get away with it and live in luxury the rest of his life , he 's arrested before he reaches the airport . How did the CIA know what he was up to and why did they wait until after he killed innocent bystanders to capture him ? As you find in this example , Meadows holds the reader to every page with strings of suspense that unwind in snippets of revelations , and leaves you at the end with the question , What if France drew the U.S. into war over Africa ? Now you can find out . The last of this series , AFRICA , has just been released .
 I have become such a fan of this fantastic writer and know if you are a fan of this amazing genre in no-time at all you will become a fan as well ! Captain Meadows is an exciting writer whose books hold the reader captive from page one on ... I kid you not ! Start with his `` Sixth Fleet '' series and move your way up to his BESTSELLING `` Joint Task Force '' series . You 'll thank me later , I promise!In `` Joint Task Force France , '' a routine excerise turns into a mysterious disaster , when a fleet of F-16 fighters simply vanishes . Someone has gotten hold of an experimental weapon being developed by the American Missile Defense Office -- and all signs point to the French.Take my word for it ... this is one amazing story you wo n't want to miss !!! V ~
 I have just finished David 's most recent thriller . It is spellbinding , perhaps his best effort yet . The character and plot development is excellent , I could n't put it down . Great work David !! I look forward to the next project from a man who knows what he is writing about . Keep up the good work , David .
 After finishing the last series of books from this wonderful writer , naturally , I had to read his next offering ... Happy that I did ! David Meadow is a talented writer that has proved time and again to me and all of his fans that he has become a writer that ` we ' quite simply MUST READ !!!!! We , -LRB- your many fans -RRB- , Love You David !
 Meadows wrote a compelling story about -LRB- basically -RRB- the US Navy giving the french navy the finger . He outsmarts them , uses their arrogance against them and ultimately , spanks their behinds ! If you are pro-US Navy , get this book ! The other 3 in this series are well done , too .
 No matter whether you read the spell-binding books in this series in proper order -LRB- as this talented author wrote them -RRB- or go back and grab one helter-skelter , you 're in for a real treat . Each book is a complete story in itself . I generally prefer to read in the order the author writes them , but it is n't always possible ... and was n't in this case . I started with an earlier one and a later one -LRB- AFRICA -RRB- . JOINT TASK FORCE
 I too am a descendent of the infamous lost wagon train that took the Meek 's Cutoff of 1845 . I have always imagined what my family was experiencing on their journey . Linda Crew has made this a 3 dimensional saga . Not only can I hear the voices but can smell the wildflowers and the axel grease , the blood sweat and tears and the alkaline dust to the scent of new calico and old leather . I hear the song `` Shennandoah '' with the women 's tears and the fireside dances . I see the countless stars of a prarie sky and the sun on the golden locks of a doomed child . I feel the heat of the shadeless terrain and the breaking of hearts and the hope of new life . I taste the bitterness of unimaginal losses , the crunch of an apple after near starvation and the sweetness of a first kiss . This is a book not just for young adults or Oregonians , but for all that seek their dreams of what may come . Thank you Linda , for putting flesh to the bones of my imagination . It was as if I was carried back and met my ancestors face to face , heart to heart .
 As a 1845 Meek Cut-off descendant and researcher , I found this story not only entirely captivating , but also highly faithful to the time and place when events on this disastrous new route actually occurred . This book is a real tear-jerker , and if you were grabbed by reading about the 1846 Donner Party , you MUST read this book . Linda Crew has a remarkable talent for fitting her romantic novel neatly into a historically accurate true-life tragedy , in which only the heartiest souls survived . You will be enthralled from the moment you start reading about the King family , for whom Benton County 's King 's Valley is named .
 Linda Crew has outdone herself with this heartfelt telling of one family 's journey to Oregon on the fabled Oregon Trail . While many of the adventures and relationships of the King family told in this wonderful book may perhaps not be historically `` accurate '' , they resonate with poignancy and truth . Readers of all ages can relate to sibling squabbles , first loves and the loss of someone dear . What may open many readers ' eyes are the incredible hardships these pioneers endured , all for the hope of a better life in a better place . Those of us who are now reaping the benefits of their sacrifice should be especially grateful - I know I am . Buy one for yourself and for anyone else who could use a good read !
 Gold Star Award Winner!Lovisa King was just seventeen in the spring of 1845 when three generations of her family loaded up the green , canvas-covered wagons to make the two-thousand-mile journey from Missouri to Oregon.Born right in the middle of ten brothers and sisters , Lovisa begins their expedition with dauntless optimism and absolute certainty that her family 's superior preparation will protect them from any hardships the Overland Trail may present . Even a last-minute reassignment to her sister Sarah and `` bossy '' brother-in-law Rowland Chambers ' wagon ca n't diminish Lovisa 's enthusiasm for the future that lies ahead.But the road west is cruel and indiscriminate , leaving a trail of fallen party members in its wake . The entire wagon train faces days of unanswered thirst , weeks of trekking across the barren plains in blistering heat , and storms of prairie sand so acidic that the only remedy is axle grease rubbed into raw skin.As death and disease ravage those she loves , with bone-deep weariness chipping away at Lovisa 's soul , she begins to wonder if this expedition really has a terminus and when it does , how many Kings will be left standing when it ends.I 'm a huge history buff , especially anything pertaining to the Old West . The problem with a lot of us enamored of these tales , though , is a tendency to romanticize a time and place full of brutal and harsh realities . Linda Crew effortlessly sidesteps this trap to capture Lovisa 's story as it might have been . Opening A HEART FOR ANY FATE is a general introduction to the U.S. 's great expansion , circumstances leading up to the citizen 's migration , and life along the trail itself.Lovisa and her family are the heart of this story ; searching , like so many Americans at the time , for a more prosperous fate in a new land . Ms. Crew did such a wonderful job creating this young woman 's voice , I had to continuously remind myself that I was n't reading an actual account of her experience ; although if the truth be told , I was moved to tears more than once during my reading.A HEART FOR ANY FATE is a fascinating and moving depiction that immerses the reader into a defining period of American history and definitely should n't be missed.Reviewed by
 I met the author , read the book , and marveled at it 's truth . First People 's did n't always attack wagon trains . I am Arapaho , and the Oregon Trail ran right through our Wind River Reservation in Wyoming . My great grandmother was snuck off the reservation with a family traveling the Oregon Trail when she was six years old . Many white people were trusted enough to send their own children with them . My great grandmother returned to the reservation as an adult with fond memories of her life with the `` white wagon folk '' . I image them to be very much like the King family . Hooray to Oogula Press for reprinting this book .
 The Oregon trail is really interesting , so I sought out a fiction book about the Oregon trail . This book was amazing , it was so cool to read about a family that made a difference in Oregon .
 I did n't think I would enjoy this book as much as I had enjoyed Ms. Crew 's other books but I was very surprised . This book really enlightened me about the life on the Oregon Trail , or any Pioneer Trek , for that matter . Ms. Crew has done a a very careful job of researching her subject and imagining the fictional aspects of the real life people who inhabit the pages of A Heart For Any Fate . I was in love with the King family , their dreams , their courage , their heartbreaking experiences on the Oregon Trail . I read the book and when I was finished I read it again because it was that good ! The second read was even more enjoyable . Ms. Crew does a very good job of charting the growth of Lovisa King from young girl to woman during the course of her months on the trail and the sacrifices she made . While there was a lot of imagination involved in writing this account , the story convinced me that it was all possible . A very accurate and entertaining book .
 At dinner tonight , my wife Kay told me that she just could n't put down the book `` A Heart for Any Fate . '' She read a little of it out-loud to us in our car during last Saturday 's journey to Eastern Oregon . That way we both could enjoy the story !
 I really enjoyed reading a pioneer story about a real family and especially told from a young woman 's point of view . This would make for great discussion in a book club !
 It 's true that Gammelgaard writes in a disjointed , `` dispatch '' style , which no doubt irritates some readers . There is no cohesive narrative and the actual words in the book are relatively few . However , there is still considerable merit in this account of the 1996 Everest tragedy , particularly if you 're a woman climber . The author is a serene , spiritual sort and reminds you of that fact every few pages . That did n't represent a problem unless you violently eschew anything of that ilk . She repeats maxims such as , `` Go slowly , think for yourself , be true to yourself . '' Hogwash to some , faintly inspiring to others.She paints interesting word portraits of the other climbers , particularly Scott and Anatoly , the Russian climber -LRB- who has also written a book , available on Amazon -RRB- . She 's equally adept at explaining her own motivations and psyche . The primary criticism I have is that she spent a paltry amount of time explaining * why * she wanted to climb Everest and really did n't elaborate much on the mental and physical training she undertook in order to accomplish this incredible feat.I recommend this book wholeheartedly , but only if you embrace a more spiritual philosophy , and are n't irritated by an author who shoves that down your throat at every opportunity .
 In 1980 , I successfully climbed Mt. Rainier , reaching the `` true '' summit . It took several attempts because of weather . It was hard work . But after reading Lene 's book , I came to realize how strenuous and physically challenging it is to climb Everest . I was not aware of all the work and risks that are taken just to prepare for the final assault . Lene proved herself , showing incredible strength , fortitude and emotion . There must have been such a terrible sense of despair and fear knowing that death was probably inevitable and no help available.Lene gives the reader another perspective of this awesome event , using her professional knowledge as a clinician and writer . I would recommend everyone who has followed this climbing event , either from past magazine articles and stories , or from the several books written about this Everest climb , to read this book .
 Lene Gammelgaard delves deep in to the psyche of all adventure sport lovers who are unfazed by the daunting challenges that confront them.One is reminded of the lonely Irishman who foresees his death and says `` I balanced all , brought all to mind , the years to come seem wasted breath , A waste of breath the years behind , in balance with this life , this death . Only a lonely impulse of delight drew me in to those tumultuous clouds '' . But in stark contrast , our heroine confronts death with an earthly purpose and instinct for self preservation as well as for the glory of adventure sport.Must surely rank among the best in recent publications of the same ilk .
 I 've just finished reading Climbing High and it is my favorite book describing the tragedy on Mt. Everest in the pre-monsoon of 1996 . This is the book that I recommend to non-climbers to help them understand what it is like to climb at high altitudes . Krakauer 's Into Thin Air had too much speculation for my taste . Boukreev in The Climb did n't speculate but instead strictly described what he saw and did with no emotion . Lene Gammelgaard keeps the speculation to a minimum but also describes her feelings at different stages of the climb . Yes , I am sure that this is what it was like . - R.J. Secor , author of Denali
 STARRED REVIEW in Publishers Weekly , May 24 , 1999Climbing High
 I 'd read all the reviews of this book , which for the most part did n't sound too great , but I got the book anyway because I wanted all the information I could get and I am so glad I did ! This is not the book to read for facts and critique - this is the book to read for how it feels to prepare for and then accomplish climbing Everest during this terrible tragedy . It is very personal and therefore I could connect with what it must have been like - connect from the heart level - not the head . And I disagree about it being arrogant or self-centered in a negative way . On the contrary . The deepest humility is to expose one 's humanity with all its positive qualites and flaws and that is exactly what she does . She does n't analyze anyone , she simply states her reaction to events as she felt them . It is a humble book - not because she was n't determined or proud of what she did - but because she only spoke from her point of view . For the most part , she did not present her analysis of what happened . Her critiques are tempered with great understanding of how difficult climbing Everest is and how fallible we are as human beings . It is realistic and wonderful . I really understood the tragedy on a deep level and it is thanks to Lene Gammelgaard . Anyone can tell you what people should have done . It took Lene to tell us how it really felt to one climber - herself . She does not presume to speak for or judge the others . So , I loved it , and recommend it to anyone who is willing to connect with their own triumphs and ultimate powerlessness .
 I was very pleasantly surprised - we already read `` Into Thin Air '' and `` the Climb '' why do we need another account of the drama of the storm itself ? This book is about a personal journey Lene undertook and how she prepared for it . I never took from Lene that she thought Scott Fischer needed her on his team . -LRB- Other than the publicity of the first Danish woman to climb Mt. Everest and it is clear that there was a lot of thought behind additional clients on the permit and how they , individually , would contribute to publicity for Mountain Madness . -RRB- I think she portrayed her relationship with Scott as an understanding and respect of one another 's shared passion and growing friendship . It is clear that Scott saw Lene as a capable climber technically , professional , and an asset to the overall social culture on the mountain . If you are an avid climber you know this is important regarding everyone 's safety and experience on the mountain . I also enjoyed reading about her taking the time to get to know Anatoli and her representation of him as such a caring and intense man.Climbing High provides insight regarding her personal thoughts in preparing for a mental and physical challenge of this scale . I found her to be a lovely woman who never made harsh judgements , respected the climbers who shared her passion as well as the culture of the Sherpas and the spirit of the mountain . Her account expressing her positive attitude and discipline to achieve a goal that appears out of reach and comes with great risk made me feel as though I was preparing to climb Everest . This discipline can be incorporated into your everyday life - Clearly understanding goals , an understanding of the steps it takes to achieve them , and the passion to never give up . I loved this book and find it a great addition to the plethora of books on Everest .
 I 'd read all the reviews of this book , which for the most part did n't sound too great , but I got the book anyway because I wanted all the information I could get and I am so glad I did ! This is not the book to read for facts and critique - this is the book to read for how it feels to prepare for and then accomplish climbing Everest during this terrible tragedy . It is very personal and therefore I could connect with what it must have been like - connect from the heart level - not the head . And I disagree about it being arrogant or self-centered in a negative way . On the contrary . The deepest humility is to expose one 's humanity with all its positive qualites and flaws and that is exactly what she does . She does n't analyze anyone , she simply states her reaction to events as she felt them . It is a humble book - not because she was n't determined or proud of what she did - but because she only spoke from her point of view . For the most part , she did not present her analysis of what happened . Her critiques are tempered with great understanding of how difficult climbing Everest is and how fallible we are as human beings . It is realistic and wonderful . I really understood the tragedy on a deep level and it is thanks to Lene Gammelgaard . Anyone can tell you what people should have done . It took Lene to tell us how it really felt to one climber - herself . She does not presume to speak for or judge the others . So , I loved it , and recommend it to anyone who is willing to connect with their own triumphs and ultimate powerlessness .
 This book is very valuable to read in combination with `` Into Thin Air '' and `` The Climb . '' These two books have more details on what happened up on Mount Everest during the tragedy . This book is focused more on Lene 's personal journey during , before and after the Everest tragedy . It was an amazing journey and she was very determined and brave .
 CLIMBING HIGH relates many of the same incidents presented in THE CLIMB by Anatoli Boukreev -LRB- and supports many of its conclusions -RRB- , but tells the story of the Everest tragedy from the perspective of a client . Gammelgaard , a hard-driving sportswoman -LRB- and lawyer and therapist -RRB- , speaks with a candidness and honesty that punches a lot of holes in the mystique and mystery of male dominated high-altitude climbing . I would recommend this book for anyone interested in Mount Everest , the tragic incidents of 1996 , and the challenges of life . Gammelgaard 's point that we are responsible for our destiny is repeated throughout , and I am grateful for her reminding us that anything is possible , but that everything has its price . Thank you Lene Gammelgaard .
 The readers who find this book to be self-absorbed psycho-babble are probably either frustrated by lack of knowledge of the 1996 Everest Tragedy or reacting adversely to a woman 's perspective . Those of us who have climbed mountains understand that high altitude intensifies both emotions and personalities . At sea level , your `` team '' members may appear to be strong , sensible , mature individuals . Once you get on the mountain , your comfort zone disappears and you are left to balance your fear of the unknown with your own physical strength and whatever faith you have in yourself and your fellow climbers . And suddenly , you are surrounded by strangers ! It 's a different world on a mountain . Life is reduced to placing one foot in front of the other and truly living in the moment . Your entire being is challenged . But , often you reap incredible insightful rewards that probably do sound like psychobabble to non-climbers . Readers who have not been `` up there '' will never know what it 's like , no matter how many books they read . I think Gammelgaard told it like it is .
 It 's about time the world heard a woman 's account of the 1996 Everest tragedy . Ms. Gammelgaard delivers the most poignant and moving account to date . Unlike her male counterparts , she is not afraid to delve deeply into her psyche and emotions and shares with the reader her inspiring perspective of Everest and of the greater world we live in .
 A refreshing account of the 96 Mountain Madness Everest expedition from a women who must command respect from the mountaineering world . This book is an inspiration to those who follow their dreams , and go beyond just setting goals in life , regardless of what that may be . A MUST read for anyone who 's read Into Thin Air , The Climb , or The Other Side of Everest . I 'd recommend catching one of her bookstore appearances as well !
 By far the most three dimensional and emotional of the few Everest books that I read recounting the 1996 tragedy . Lene does n't hod back with her emotions in describing her climb , and so gives us a most colorful rendition of what happened.I agree the responsibilities of a wife and kids far outweigh any summit bid , no mater how easy or hard it turns out . Too many risks . Bravado can come at an enormous cost to those on the mountain and thousands of miles away.Lene is more grounded in reality , based on her Tai Chi philosophy . By her calculated risks , she has earned `` the most sensible climber on 1996 '' . Too bad the media hype does n't reward sensibility rather than sensationalism.I believe Lene and tthe others have been hoding back , giving us short 200 page synopses of their ordeals . Can they be pining for sequels ? If so , I 'll be in front of the line for her new book .
 This book draws a basic emotional response from the people I know who have read it so far - they either love it or hate it . And an emotional response is precicely what sets this book apart from two others , Into Thin Air and The Climb , written about the same expedition . In Climbing High , Ms. Gammelgaard does not get into the hows or whys , the could haves or should haves , or the blaming and explaining and of the other two . Climbing High is n't a book about the entire Everest expedition and the author does n't try to tell everyone else 's story or relay other people 's intentions or motives . It is a tunnel vision book about what it took for one person to reach the summit ; about what one person saw and thought and felt and experienced before , during , and after climbing Mt. Everest . I found the author 's honesty about herself and her abilities courageous and refreshing . Her description of the physical effort and sheer will required to achieve her personal goal , `` to the summit and safe return '' did n't leave much to the imagination . Written almost as a journal , this book describes climbing the world 's highest mountain while giving the reader a clear and uncompromising view into the soul of a strong and determined single woman . A woman whose achievements speak for themselves .
 I seem to be the odd person out in that I liked this book . This is not a book that will cause controversy by laying blame on those who survived , or even more unacceptably on those who perished . This is a memoir by a woman who was qualified to be on the mountain . She raised sponsor money to make the attempt possible . She was not someone with more personal wealth than judgment that simply wrote a check for a thrill seeking adventure.Scott Fischer was an extraordinary mountaineer according to any book that I have read . He invited Lene Gammelgaard on the expedition , and also was interested in marketing his company in Europe via this woman 's summit attempt . This woman was not a paid journalist ; she was not the person who wanted to turn her climb into a media circus with a major American Network . If the expedition had not become a tragedy I doubt most non-climbers would even know her name . This was hardly the case with several others who were on the mountain at the same time . Lene summitted Everest , she survived the storm , she assisted others when they needed help , and she left the mountain with her body intact . One of the reasons for the last note is that she lacked the ego , or stated differently , had the good sense to talk to those who had climbed Everest , to inquire about what was most appropriate to bring , what their on the mountain experience had taught them . Far from being a sign of weakness it is an endorsement of her good judgment . Asking Anatoli Boukreev about the protection he uses for his hands on summit day is the kind of thinking that I would look for in a fellow climber . I would not want to be following those who were lugging satellite phones , computers and other nonsense to make daily appearances on national television.This is a book about her experience from well before she ever stepped on a plane to the Himalaya . It is a very personal book , and her style of writing together with her philosophies of life may not read like a thriller , however the facts of what happened in May of 1996 need no embellishment . To me these are factors that brought her to the top and back down safely . This woman is no thrill seeker , she is not deluded about what an attempt on Everest means , and she shared her experience , she did not write a book embellishing the horror of an event that requires nothing more than a statement of facts . She also refrained from taking apart the conduct of other climbers . She was not shy about expressing her opinion , however she was generally on the mark with her thoughts . And finally , far from taking the Sherpa guides for granted , she repeatedly spoke of them as critical to her success and her survival.For me , this was one of the better books I have read about that tragic May 1996 expedition .
 I 'm surprised @ the negative reviews here . No , you would n't count on this book as a sole journalistic exposition of the May 1996 Everest disaster . But after you 're devoured `` Into Thin Air '' and `` The Climb '' Ms. Gamelgaard 's book does , in fact , perfect the symmetry of Everest 's three faces with a graceful and heartfelt book . It 's infinitely more human than anything else I 've read on Everest in general . Her reflections and observations provide a dimension missing in other narratives . The book feels feminine compared to the ice-and-steel books on the same expedition . Very highly recommended.You might also want to read `` Mountain Madness '' to better understand Scott Fischer -LRB- shared ridgeline to Lhotse to extend that metaphor from above -RRB- .
 When it comes to wrtiting with style , itensity and telling the whole truth , Miller is the best America has to offer . ALL his books are worth reading for the nuggets of honesty and intent ...
 I recommend this book for anyone who is interested in getting into Miller . There are many great examples of his works , without the commitment of an entire book . Henry really has a handle on what it means to be human .
 if it was written by henry miller , it was written from the heart , making it a great work , automatically .
 I am a fan of Perumov 's myself , and I have all of his books on my bookshelf ;-] . However if you 're not a fan like me , wait until you read Doom of the Gods and Land without Happiness before you get the Warrior of the Great Darkness . Still , do get it once you 've finished the other two , as Hjorward experience will not be complete until you finish VVT . Bottom Line
 In December 1989 , the Romanian people overthrew their communist dictator . He left behind a country with no democratic tradition , an economy in ruins , and corrupt ex-communists still in charge . Two years later the author met Radu , the head of a Romanian university , at a meeting in Washington DC . He invited her to come to his country as a teacher . She accepted his invitation that day and with good language skills but no knowledge of Romanian made her plans to live and teach in Timisoara . Within six weeks of her arrival , her sponsor Radu was ousted in a rigged election , leaving her to survive on her wits . This book tells of her survival and seven years of teaching , with only brief return visits to the US . Ostensibly she taught English but informally she also taught democracy and business ethics . She also learnt to love the Romanian people . In turn they adored her.This short book , one hundred pages of sparkling prose , is almost impossible to put down . It captures both the squalor of a post-Stalinist country but also the charm of its citizens , their curiosity about the West , their great performances of classical music , their food ranging from awful in the hotel to simple but delightful in private homes . Above all it is an account of a US citizen who acted as an unoffical ambassador for our country . Would that all our official ambassadors could meet her standards .
 For awhile , I will tend to ruminate on the stories Ms. Heyniger has brought back from Romania . She portrays a fertile land ravaged by industry . Mixed with her astute observations of political mismanagement are delightful vignettes of the people she grew to love.Thanks to the author showing the Romanians that Americans can be caring yet vulnerable ; like them . The joy she expressed from her time in Romanian is surely a result of her helpful accomplishments with the people that she taught . The stories she offers show how enjoyable her lessons must have been for her students ; which include me after reading `` Parting the Curtain '' . We should be warned by the Romanian experience that , when we have cut down all the trees to suck the last drop of oil from the earth , we will need to huddle together against the cold and eat our pets . Industry and agriculture must be carefully managed with an eye to the future . Can we think of other nations or regions within nations that are like Romania ?
 The year is 1852 and we follow a wagon train as it wends its way across the country to the Oregon Territory . Along the way we experience Indian attacks , disease and much death , and some good things as well - romance and bravery . Binns tells the story well and with great feeling for his characters . He has a great feel for the trail as well
 This book is a rare find . Owning a copy allows a leisurely taken `` college course '' quality reading of how Jesus managed to stir so many people , both those in favor of his teaching and those who were rejecting of him . I happened to have a copy of this book and , of course , have liked it ; liked it enough that I typed it all to be online as a book to be read with free access . If it were easy to locate I might not have gone to this effort which involved weeks of typing and careful proofreading . But , here it is
 People are judged by the words they use . IQ tests are based in large part on how many words a person has in his or her vocabulary . When others hear people speak , they judge them by what you say and the words you use to say it . This free Kindle book was compiled by G. Greever and J. M.Bachelor . The book is written for common people , not scholars . The book does not contain a list of vocabulary words . It focuses instead on how to use language correctly and effectively . It discusses such things as the emotions of certain words
 I can only say I love this little book ! Not only is this very practical , it is full of sagacious statements I quote in my classroom . I have both the Kindle version and the 1950 version .
 Purchased this as a Kindle app , and really like the versatility of having a book of this nature on hand , literally .
 I do not remember buying this product nor is it on my library shelf , but I can only imagine it is a good product and worth the money . Plus it can help you improve your vocabulary . On second thought , I think I downloaded this as a free e-book . Anyways , buy it or have it . It 's better to have more to read than too little to read . That is my motto . Any vocabulary mistakes made on this review may have been intentional or unintentional and refer back to the utility and practicality of the book .
 If you are interested in the history of Alabama during the War between the States , then this is the book .
 I used to have this book , I broke my own rules and lent it to a student and friend ... and he left Pensacola . -LRB- I never saw him , ... or the book again . But in his defense , he was in the Navy , and they move those guys around a lot . -RRB- I also used to have an original copy of Marshall 's book , but I have lost that over the years , too.But the book is absolutely a treasure , I borrowed a friend 's copy to do this review . -LRB- For accuracy 's sake . -RRB- I am too young to have known the man . -LRB- I played my first chess tournament in 1966 . -RRB- But I knew Mr. Marshall 's wife -LRB- Carrie -RRB- quite well . For many , many years ; she was the lady who sat at the foot of the stairs and greeted you as you walked into the Marshall chess club . I feel very badly - I wish someone had told me who she was the first time I visited there . The Marshall 's are a HUGE part of the history of the game of chess , at least here in the U.S.What do you get when you buy this book ? Quite simply one of the very best chess books ever written , at least in the area of a -LRB- chess -RRB- biography . It is very clear and very obvious that this book has been researched to a level I personally have never seen before.By comparison , I am interested in history and very fascinated with several figures in history , notably Abe Lincoln and Andrew Jackson . -LRB- Among others . -RRB- I have read virtually every book I could get my hands on about these two persons ... and in the process I have found literally hundreds of mistakes . -LRB- One authors ' chronological record itself was ridiculous , he had Jackson - MANY TIMES !! - in two different places at the same time ! -RRB- But in Soltis 's book , I have yet to find a single error . This might be because Marshall himself left a tremendous amount of material behind . He wrote several books , kept journals , and filled literally hundreds of yellow legal pads with notes of his own . And the people who actually knew Frank Marshall told me he had a fabulous memory.The former secretary of the club personally told me that Soltis spent hundreds and hundreds of hours there , pouring over records , making notes , and making copies of the material that is available there.The result ? A simply fabulous book that is virtually free of errors . I am NOT saying Andy made no mistakes , every human does . But Andy has worked VERY hard on producing a document/book that is about as error-free as any person could humanly try to do . Andy has gone well above and beyond the call of duty here . `` What about the book , '' you say ? Well , it too is beautiful . A gorgeous hard-back book that is nearly 400 pages in length . 220 very deeply annotated games . Additionally , there are DOZENS of game fragments.Personally , I do NOT think you would buy this book if your only interest was to improve your game , there are simply too many other good books devoted to that subject . -LRB- Check out the books by Capa , Reinfeld , Watson and Yermolinsky . -RRB- No , you would buy this book for many reasons - maybe because you consider yourself a Marshall fan . Or you consider yourself a student chess history , and want to learn more . And maybe you think you might benefit from studying one of the greatest tactical players the USA ever produced.All the bases are covered here . A thorough index , photo 's , match and tournament record ... quite simply there is not a topic or subject here that you ca n't think of that Soltis has not covered in great detail . -LRB- On page # 203 you can find Marshall 's famous victory over Levitsky , Breslau ; 1912 . -RRB- The only topic that I could not find was the list of Marshall 's best games ; perhaps Soltis did not feel qualified to make that judgment . You have over 200 of Marshall 's games here , so after playing through them all , you could do your own list . -LRB- My own choice would have to come from one of the games from his monumental win at Cambridge Springs , 1904 . -RRB- If you are a fan of Soltis , as I am ... or want to learn more about chess history , then get this book . I will say no more .
 GM Andy Soltis certainly knows how to write fine books , and this is one of them . Even non-Americans should appreciate a book about this US Champion who was also one of the world 's top 10 for almost 30 years.The book covers Marshall 's life set in its historical context , and also lightly annotates many Marshall games , including some draws and losses . Marshall was famous for his combinational ability , but Soltis shows that he had confidence , with good reason , of being able to outplay many opponents in the endgame.Marshall 's skill should not be underestimated although he lost matches decisively to Lasker and Capablanca . He won the enormously strong Cambridge Springs tournament of 1904 ahead of then world champ Lasker . At St Petersburg 1914 , he was one of the five finalists , and Tsar Nicholas II awarded these players the original grandmaster title . In the mid 1920s , Marshall showed that he could cope with the new hypermoderns . Even in the 1930s , when his strength had lessened somewhat , he captained to USA team to victory four times at the Olympiads , and the USA teams have never risen to the same heights since .
 I think Frank Marshall fans will find this book invaluable , it features many of his best games and plus it gives a good biography as the book progresses , perhaps the games could use some more notes but what is there is good enough .
 Avery Dulles takes the untrained reader on a journey through the complex thought processes of a religious scholar , in an easy-to-follow , step-by-step manner.He sets up criteria and begins building five philosophies or models of revelation theology that are most commonly embraced by Christians today . These models serve as a great eye-opening tool in the final compare-and-contrast stage of his analysis.Perhaps more fascinating , Dulles expands his search to include specific historical periods , so that the reader gets a better understanding of how theological thought evolves and changes , as one generation of Christian believers builds on the knowledge or misconceptions of the past , and how meaningful dialogue with historians , scientists and other religious groups have enhanced our traditions and affirmed our convictions.This book represents a rare opportunity for one of the laity to peer into the mind of a great theologian . One can not help but be impressed .
 This classic work of a beloved Catholic theologian and cardinal boils down and categorizes the work of dozens of prominent theologians , both Catholic and Protestant , from the 19th and 20th centuries into five models . It is indispensably useful as a primer and for such reason is widely read by graduate-level theology students studying revelation.One strength of Dulles 's book is that he does not merely summarize the positions . He critiques each position , trying to identify both its positive and negative points . This does not mean they are all equal , and his critique of the third and fifth models mentions how they are difficult to reconcile with traditional Christian beliefs . Dulles does not advocate a specific model , nor does he think that the models can simply be combined -LRB- since they arrive at different positions on specific questions -RRB- . Nor does he think creating a sixth model is viable at the present . Instead , he wants to improve upon the models by critiquing them in light of the other models . A clear way forward is not presented . That would be a miraculous feat , to reconcile such diversity!The first -LRB- 1 -RRB- model -LRB- Revelation as Doctrine -RRB- could be called the conservative or traditional model , which is worked out by both Catholics and Protestants in the 19th century over against the theories of Rationalism . This model sees the Bible as a collection of factually true statements about God and humankind . In some ways it is made official Catholic dogma at the First Vatican Council , though not in a way that totally excludes the following four models . It is also the model generally used by Evangelical Protestants today.The second -LRB- 2 -RRB- model -LRB- Revelation as History -RRB- is also worked out in the 19th century in deliberate reaction to the first model . According to this model , the Bible itself is not revelation but merely witnesses to revelation . Revelation itself is the acts of God in history -LRB- e.g. , the Exodus , the Incarnation -RRB- . The famous scholar Oscar Cullmann -LRB- 1902-1999 -RRB- belongs to this school , as does Wolfhart Pannenberg -LRB- 1928 - -RRB- . The former popularized the German word Heilsgeschichte , which is usually translated `` salvation history . '' Jean Cardinal Danielou , the famous patrologist , created a Catholic version of this theory , which found its way into the Second Vatican Council 's document on revelation , Dei Verbum.The third -LRB- 3 -RRB- model -LRB- Revelation as Inner Experience -RRB- is essentially the view of Liberal Protestantism , whose founder may be Friedrich Schleiermacher -LRB- 1768-1834 -RRB- , though the model is worked out by later scholars . This model sought to establish a theory of revelation in which revelation was not dependent on the Bible , which was considered historically unreliable . Instead , revelation is coterminous with a personal religious experience of God , which can be mediated by the Bible -LRB- though it can also exist outside Christianity -RRB- . One living author who falls here to some degree is John Hick -LRB- 1922 - -RRB- , who , however , can also be placed in the fifth model.The fourth -LRB- 4 -RRB- model -LRB- Revelation as Dialectical Presence -RRB- is what is sometimes called Neo-Orthodoxy , as developed after World War I specifically by Karl Barth -LRB- 1886-1968 -RRB- , Emil Brunner -LRB- 1889-1966 -RRB- , and Rudolf Bultmann -LRB- 1884-1976 -RRB- . It is a reaction to Liberal Protestantism . According to these Protestant theologians , God is `` absolute mystery '' and can not be objectified . The object of revelation is not God himself in his absolute essence but God as he turns toward his creatures . Revelation is nothing but the fact of Jesus Christ . As in the second model , the Bible itself is not revelation , but witnesses to revelation.The fifth -LRB- 5 -RRB- model -LRB- Revelation as New Awareness -RRB- was the most difficult one for me to wrap my head around . According to Dulles , in this model revelation is `` the transcendent fulfillment of the inner drive of the human spirit toward fuller consciousness . '' It is a sort of evolutionary view , in which humankind is moving toward `` fuller consciousness , '' and this is what revelation is . The very famous theologians Paul Tillich -LRB- 1886-1965 -RRB- and Karl Rahner , SJ -LRB- 1904-1984 -RRB- , are to some degree associated with this school of thought.After going through the five models , he tackles specific questions -LRB- for example , the Bible , the Church , Christ , eschatology -RRB- and shows what answers each model arrives at . This is , again , very useful for the beginning theology student . Overall , this book is on the short-list of must-reads for students of the theology of revelation . No doubt it could be critiqued by theologians of each school of thought , but it is inevitable that a book of this nature will not please all , and many simplifications are necessary to fit so many theologians into only five models , which Dulles himself acknowledges . Something is sacrificed in the name of utility and simplicity , but it is an acceptable sacrifice for the beginner .
 ... there 's still much good information to be had . My theology professor had us write papers explaining why Dulles 's portrait of the evanagelical model fell short , but I really do n't think it was bad at all , considering the religious orientation of the author.Dulles does an admirable job of portraying the doctrine of revelation from several viewpoints , so this book should come in handy to anyone interested in the nature and thought of revelation .
 I looked up this book in order to see the talisman that lies at the heart of the story
 The pragmatic Richard Fentnor Harrowby , wealthy manufacturer of Harrowby 's Creme Cleopatre and No. 7 Dental Delight , discussed the life and work of the author Felix Kennason who rose to fame with the publication of `` Men Who Loved Alison . '' Harrowby 's evaluation of Kennason
 I read this book several years ago . One of the better , more cerebral espionage books I 've ever read . Been trying to find his other spy book -LRB- i.e. , `` Zolta '' -RRB- , but its out of print . Too bad the author does not appear to be writing this type of fiction anymore -- while his nature stuff is good , I 'd love to see him fill the void left by Adam Hall .
 It 's a spy-thriller type book , the story of a journalist who starts rooting around in CIA affairs , trying to find the truth about a man named Viktor Tronko . Tronko was a Soviet , who may have been a defector , or maybe a ruse ; in any case he told the Americans some pretty important information . If they believe it . The novel swarms with characters , all of them realistic and lifelike , all imaginative . Although the facts and people become confusing after awhile , the end is very satisfying and definately worth reading to . It 's also amusing that Quammen wrote a novel wherein the main character is a middle-aged journalist who enjoys writing about nature -LRB- and through that about people -RRB- and has a fetish for Eugene Marais . The writing is very good , the story although confusing is interesting .
 If you are looking for a more complex spy novel than Le Carre can write , you got to read this . It is excellent , but it needs smart and patient readers to keep up with tiny bits of information lost in a lot of disinformation . The hero is a journalist who tries to get to the truth by interviewing retired CIA agents . The agents talk because they are bitter and unsatisfied , so their reports are tainted . Therefore it is impossible to decide if Viktor Tronko is a Russian defector or a double agent . The journalist is attracted to the case by the tantalizing promise that there is or might be a link between Tronko and the Kennedy assassination , or between Tronko and a traitor within the CIA.The reading is made more light by the desire of the journalist to go back to his real love
 I wrote my Master 's thesis on the movement of grasshoppers and almost wore this book out ! It became my bible . While I was writing up , you 'd always see me with it under my arm . It addresses all of the major movement models from an applied standpoint . The original papers are rarely useful if you wish to actually apply the model to your own research . This book is written more like a text than a review , but is still very thorough mathematically . If you 're doing research on movement or are just interested in mathematical models in ecology , this book is a must have .
 Peter Turchin 's `` Quantitative Analysis of Movement '' is the best -LRB- only ? -RRB- available synthesis of techniques appropriate for analyzing movement patterns . Turchin addresses general concepts , techniques for measuring movements , movement models -LRB- mostly diffusion-based -RRB- , techniques for analyzing movement paths , and mark-recapture techniques . Be aware , however , Turchin 's analysis is more appropriate to displacement and redistribution questions and less suited for those interested in inferring motivation from movement trajectories.This is an intensely mathematical treatment , so be prepared . Turchin is kind enough to provide a special appendix , `` Diffusion for Ecologists , '' for those with relatively weak mathematical backgrounds -LRB- like myself -RRB- . Not easy to understand but well worth the effort .
 `` If you are engaged in research exploring plant and animal movement , this book is essential . It is well written and informative from both practical and theoretial perspectives . It is a delight to have this reference . I recommend it wholeheartedly . ''
 This book helped me to get a grasp of the fundamentals of the Italic Calligraphy Style as well as stir up interest in what had been done before , and its relavence today . The text was clear , the instruction simple and the examples encouraging .
 First some context . I own and use `` Just Listen and Learn Spanish '' which prepared me for `` Just Listen and Learn Spanish Plus . '' I listen to these tapes while commuting , and read the text during my lunch hour or at home . At the same time I am using a grammar text `` Spanish Now '' to learn grammar . Listening in my car means I ca n't follow the directions to stop and do a reading or written exercise . I 'm a bit out of sync with the design of the course.Second a statement on immersion . I do n't understand most of what I hear . That 's how I learned English . That 's how I learned French when I lived in an French home . It does n't mean I 'm not learning.Why `` Just Listen and Learn Spanish Plus '' fills the bill . The tape is 90 % Spanish with enough English guidance to keep a general orientation . It ranges from scripted dialogs those not fluent in Spanish to radio programs . You have to tolerate the fact that not everything is translated and you mostly do n't understand . But what a pleasure when you go back to something that a few weeks earlier you understood practically none of and you now get 85-90 % . This is after less than three months of studying Spanish.I just wish the theme music was n't so tacky . I 've heard it many many times ! Also the dictionary is inadequate . But if you ca n't figure out how to solve that , you 're not ready for `` Just Listen and Learn '' !
 I 've used this book in the undergraduate Romanticism courses I teach , and found it quite useful . It is brief , brisk , and cleanly written , and serves as a good introduction to Byron . You wo n't find a lot of subtle insights into Byron 's more obscure works here , but you will see how the life and the work converge and , at times , diverge . If you want to know more about Byron than you can find out from an anthology introduction , but do n't want to plough through -LRB- or have your students plough through -RRB- one of the long biographies , this is the book for you . If you want geat detail and a full , scholarly treatment , you 'll have to go elsewhere , though . Peters is n't catering to those needs .
 This book is a piece that paints a portrait of byron , using facts rather than opinions which make it perfect for studies . It goes into detail about his troubled and disease ridden childhood , suffering most from a leg deformity commonly known as club foot , and later details his escipades as an adult and his final demise fighting for greek independance . certanly worth your time and money .
 Equip yourself with this handbook of New Age facts , doctrines , comparisons , and rebuttals . This manual will help you educate the precious souls that are being blinded by the dangerous New Age movement . Learn the difference between the Jesus they preach , and the Jesus we know .
 I approached this book with some trepidation . Having been involved in the New Age movement in my younger years I know there is much that has been written about it that is simply wrong.This book happily surprised me . Dr. Martin treats the New Age movement is a fair and even manner and tells the truth.He begins with a quick overview of the New Age movement , then gives one entire chapter to the words of New Age teaches and proponents themselves , without any interpretation . Who better to state what they believe than New Agers themselves ? The chapter following this gives the Biblical answers to these teachings and shows how they change and distort what Jesus has said.He continues on with Jim Jones and Sirhan Sirhan were influenced by the New Age movement . We know the disasters consequences of these people well , but how they got there is a story most people do n't hear.After this Mr. Martin writes about how the New Age is making inroads in the public school system and society in general , and had an entire chapter devoted to reincarnation , what New Agers believe about it , and what the Bible says about it - all the passages dealing with it , not just selective ones that New Agers quote.There is a chapter on how to approach New Agers to witness to them without turning them off . He than had a chapter on identifying New Age groups and leaders including a veritable glossary of people , organizations , books , and magazines.He concludes with a glossary of many of the words New Agers use , and what they mean . For example , what is the `` Age of Aquarius '' or the `` Akashic Record '' ? What are crystals used for and who is `` Gaia '' ? At the very end of the book is a recommended reading list of other books to read for more information on any aspect of the New Age you would like to know about.Well written and surprisingly balanced given the strong Christian viewpoint of the author .
 Walter Ralston Martin -LRB- 1928-1989 -RRB- was perhaps the originator of the modern evangelical `` countercult '' ministry , having founded the Christian Research Institute in 1960 , and acting as host of the `` Bible Answer Man '' radio program.This was Martin 's last book , published shortly before his death on June 26 , 1989 . He wrote in the Preface , `` This is a very difficult book to write ... because so many people , Christian and non-Christian alike , know so little about the evils of New Age thinking ... This small volume is obviously not intended to replace a select number of good , in-depth studies of the New Age movement ... but it is theology in newspaper language , a popular layman 's overview and refutation of a militant and growing problem for Christians everywhere . `` Here are some additional quotations from the book : `` However , Krishnamurti declined the honor of Mrs. -LRB- Annie -RRB- Besant 's anointing -LRB- as `` World Teacher '' -RRB- due largely to the death of his brother and his subsequent disillusionment with the claims of Theosophy . '' -LRB- Pg . 17 -RRB- `` Often New Age cultists ... persist in quoting scriptures to buttress their own position . Why quote for proof what you say is untrustworthy ? '' -LRB- Pg . 38 -RRB- `` Very few people are aware that Robert Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan , was deeply involved with New Age thinking through the writings of the Theosophical Society . '' -LRB- Pg . 55 -RRB- `` C.S. Lovett , while advocating mediation , confirms that the visualization he refers to is the same as that used by cults ... '' -LRB- Pg . 77 -RRB- `` There is a danger that New Age thought could lead some to make God female , to totally abandon the biblical image of God . The Bible presents God with both feminine and masculine characteristics , but the male imagery is much stronger than the female . Losing sight of this truth would make Him less than He really is ... '' -LRB- Pg . 79 -RRB- `` Praise the zeal , dedication , and -LRB- wherever possible -RRB- the goals of the New Age movement , because its basic nature is both messianic and millennial . The New Age cult is seeking the right things , but with the wrong methods and with wrong reasons . '' -LRB- Pg . 102 -RRB-
 Walter Martin -LRB- 1928-1989 -RRB- was the twentieth century 's eminent scholar on cults . This research began in the 1960s , when Martin was investigating the roots of the New Age movement
 Now featuring a new introduction by education policy expert Ray C. Rist , The Urban School
 Though first published in 1972 , this book is still a great read . It had long been known that ability grouping and family socioeconomic status were closely associated , working to the advantage of the relatively affluent and the disadvantage of the poor . The mechanismhs involved in generating this association , however , were not well understood . Rist 's work taught us that socioeconomic advantage is often unselfconsciously taken as an indicator of high intelligence intelligence , and that low socioeconomic status is taken as evidence of dullness . As a result , classrooms organized nominally on the basis of ability are actually organized on the basis of socioeconomic status . Rist , in short , identified and explained one of the mechanisms whereby ability grouping works to the advantage of the affluent and further diminishes the prospects of the poor.Though based on field work done in the late 1960 's , Rist 's book is still quite pertinent . Education has become more organizationally complex , but so have the mechanisms that foster inheritance of socioeconomic status from one generation to another . For a striking example , look at the remarkably close association between SAT scores and family income reported in the Brookings Institution 's 1998 volume Getting Ahead.Rist 's book is an exemplary ethnography , and its title should not discourage rural educators
 The people who have written reviews primarily have gripes that they did n't pass . They must have thought the book was THE ONLY RESOURCE they would need . I used this book and I did pass the exam . It was n't the only resource I used though.The publishers of the book even claim that using only this book will not help you pass the exam . It is an OVERVIEW text . It is a primer to help you delve into the material . This book will not substitute the large amount of qualitative reading and equation memorization that you 'll need to do in order to pass.I give it a 4 mainly because the book does what it claims and because some of the more negative reviews are too far-fetched . Remember to buy the version that applies to your test year .
 Jorion 's book covers an enormous amount of material that will be useful for people practicing risk management . If readers of this book become proficient on the subjects it covers then it will be a building point for more focused books from Wiley and other publishers.I have gone back to this book to review subjects in risk management that I am not required to know immediately in work situations . The questions that are included from the FRM exam are useful tests of your understanding after having read sections and are in need of a check to see what you have gained in knowledge .
 This book is an excellent resource for risk professionals or anyone in finance who has to control financial risk . This book gave me extensive resources to analyze the critical issues for credit and operational risk . It can be used as a reference guide on a daily basis . Buy it , and put it on your desk so you can review critical areas when needed -- credit , operational , and integrated risk management are especially important . I also liked the questions as a preview of some of the scenarios one might have to tackle one day .
 I disagree with the reviewers who say this is a bad book . I 'm using it to take the FRM Exam and find , with the help of my study group , that all critical issues in financial risk management are addressed . The book , however , assumes you have n't come to the subject cold , just like Hull or Taleb or Jorion 's other text on VaR . You need to supplement this text with other books on the GARP reading list , and its virtues come to light .
 The FRM Handbook makes an excellent desk reference on financial risk , whether you plan on taking the FRM exam or not . It is comprehensive and is very well organized . It makes the perfect supplement to other risk books , such as Jorian 's Value at Risk.I find myself reaching for it throughout the day to review key areas and to keep current .
 If you are like me , and have left studying for the FRM until the last minute -- this is the guide for you . I found the sample questions from previous exams incredibly helpful . The order of the topics combined with the questions really helped me focus what I needed to be concentrating on . It provided me with an excellent review of concepts I already was comfortable with , and helped me feel confidant about the topics I was less familiar with . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 Briefly , The essence of this book is Talyor series.Many authors tried to explan bond with Talyor series , but failed to teaching reader well.But Jorion complemented that with just 30 pages.Also the book is writed systematically and well organized.With this book , I passed FRM exam very high score.I hope you will be luck enough to read this book .
 good to have a wide range of subjects in one handbook . it seems I do n't need the other library for my everyday work
 Having worked on several risk management projects on Wall Street for years , I must admit that this is the best and most comprehensive book on the topic . It covers all the main areas of risk management -LRB- market , credit , operational -RRB- and saves you countless hours of looking for definitions and derivations of key risk management concepts -LRB- not everything is on Google , or at least not yet -RRB- .
 Philippe Jorion has done a good job presenting the material for review for the FRM exam . Comprehensive , clear , easy-to-understand , the book is useful and without it it is unlikely that exam participants could pass the exam .
 You can not go wrong with Mr. Stuart Wilde 's teachings . Each book he writes or tapes/CD he produces is a jewel . He 's a great teacher and these tapes will really help the one who seeks knowledge in living courageously with awareness .
 I read this book for fun after discovering elsewhere the delights of early Middle English literature . The author frequently tells us that he is sure we must believe that the literature of this period is without value or interest . I found this notion bizarre -- that readers would read a book devoted to stuff they thought should properly be ignored . Who are these conscript readers?I hope that I am not being too fanciful to believe that any English speaker with an insatiable curiosity about this language & its literature will eventually come to wonder what interesting matter may lie between the age of Aelfric and the age of Chaucer . Such a person might eventually read through , say , the more interesting selections in Bennett and Smithers ' `` Early Middle English Verse and Prose . '' If this person were to possess any sense at all , he or she would quickly realize that in Lawman , `` Ancrene Wisse , '' and `` The Owl and the Nightingale , '' we have nothing less than literary genius . Then and only then might someone develop a hankering to read some intelligent criticism of this literature -- thus my confusion at Cannon 's posturing as the only person in the world who thinks the stuff is worth reading , which leads him into too many otiose declarations.The highlights of this book are indeed those chapters -LRB- numbers 2 , 4 , and 5 -RRB- that treat of the literary works to which I have ascribed genius just above . Of these , one of the best , I thought , was the essay on Lawman 's `` Brut , '' which emphasizes the theme of law in that poem , and how it seems to have an immanent presence in the British soil that endures through so many invasions and `` changes of personnel . '' Cannon makes an intriguing analogy between this and Boethian consolatio -LRB- which also offers us a minimal but noble constant to which we can look and cling when all else alters -RRB- . The chapter on `` Owl & Nightingale '' stresses the surprising sympathy and even cooperation between the two birds that emerge from their supposed debate & convincingly points out that the two `` shrill '' singers have a good bit of fun developing a view of women quite at odds with the typical medieval misogyny . The chapter on `` Ancrene Wisse , '' also one of Cannon 's best , richly and subtly evokes that book 's conception of the self as a walled place in danger of penetration from hostile forces , and yet in its very need to keep itself `` safe , '' involved in a complex relationship with its allies and environment . Cannon muses on how appropriate this is to the environment in which the `` AW '' may have been created -- the precariously vulnerable , castle-dotted March of Wales.The rest of the book is interesting , but sometimes the theoretical superstructure is really gratuitous and uninteresting . Only the final chapter , on early romance -LRB- which Cannon vilifies as lacking the unique quiddity of the odder early MidE texts -RRB- , is pretentious to the point of not being worth reading -LRB- ironically , it ends with the conclusion , `` we are happy to define the literary as that which deflates metaphysical pretension '' -- his own metaphysical pretensions could use some deflating ! -RRB- . I enjoy Hegel , Marx , and abstruse theorization as much as the next guy , and I did enjoy Cannon 's boyish enthusiasm over such conceptions as that of literary works as made objects whose forms reflect and even possess the `` knowledge '' of the cultures in which they were produced . But much of it is unnecessary and irrelevant . For example , the excellent chapter on `` Ancrene Wisse '' would have been just as clever & complete without ANY recourse to -LRB- not to mention , constant harping upon -RRB- what Aristotle 's `` Physics '' has to say about space . The point of the `` O&N ; '' chapter , which I 've praised above , does not IMHO depend as much as Cannon believes on medieval theories , `` Cratylan '' and other , on the ontology of words.But at the end of the day , Cannon is a good close reader of texts , and it 's well worth passing through the rest of it -LRB- which has , as I 've suggested , a certain infectious charm ; as with so many infectiously charming people , it 's kind of inevitable that it eventually turns grating -RRB- . Those who hate theory , which I do not , could mine this book for some truly ridiculous confections of verbiage . But they would be missing the sensitive literary critic who just ca n't help being animated to the point of pomposity , and who , it seems , always retains his sense of jeu intact .
 It is difficult to rate this fairly because you have to ask about the intended audience . If you are looking for an in-depth scholarly treatment of Matthew , this would be 2 stars . However , that 's not the scope of this series . I 've used many Tyndale NT commentaries over the years , and it is a very good series , but not as in-depth as NICNT , NIGTC , WBC , etc. . With that said , France does an excellent job commenting on the kinds of questions people turn to a commentary for , and not spending too much time on the blah , blah , blah , that fills the pages of so many commentaries . While you are n't getting all the details , you are getting the fruits of top-notch scholarship . It 's a great commentary , given its scope .
 Though all the commentaries in this series are not equal , this is very good . His exposition of Ch .24 is well argued , even if you do n't agree with his conclusions .
 The book I ordered was exactly as described and delivery was even faster than promised .
 PLYOMETRIC EXERCISES With the Medicine Ball
 I own an earlier edition of this book . I find it easy to understand
 Dr Chu is an expert on the subject of plyometrics . This is a great place to start if your looking for medicine ball work . Do n't expect anything too complicated or highly advanced though there are some gems in here that have challenged some serious athletes . It probably would have benefited from real models rather than the line drawn illustrations though this is a minor concern and anyone with a modicum of exercise experience should have no trouble in understanding the routines . For the money , well worth it .
 This book is exactly what i wanted . Simply a collection of great various plyometric exercises with the medicine ball . No fluff .
 This is a great book.There are pictures that illustrate everything clearly.Buy this with an Amazon.com medicine ball and you can do a full workout in your home or office .
 I actually purchased this book several years ago . There a lot of exercises in this book that I would never have thought of using . Very easy to follow instructions .
 Hi viewers im suresh form india im an ace certified personal trainer im preparing for my cscs exam i learnt about don chu in the nsca cscs book and went on to order this book along wiht jumping into plyometrics i think i know a lot about medicine ball training now thanks to don chu.the section are very clearly separated for different body segments . once you have the basic understading then one can use their creativity in making their own functional training , plyometic and rehab programs .
 Wow , my 8 year old and her other 6-9 year old carpool friends have hung on every word of these audio tales as we drive to their Waldorf school . My only complaint is that there are not more stories here -LRB- only 6 if I remember correctly -RRB- . I am currently searching for more audio tapes with books that are of this caliber . We have generally listened to a single story during a drive to school -LRB- approximately 15 minutes each or so -RRB- . The narrator has a mesmerizing voice and the stories are wonderfully engaging - even for me -LRB- an over-40 something working on a masters degree -RRB- . I recently remembered that there is a book that goes with the audio and threw that in the car today - they now want to hear all of the stories again while looking at the pictures !
 We have Story Tree , which was our first Hugh Lupton cd and my 3.5 and 1.5 year olds love that one . This one they like . The stories are just long enough to keep the older kids ' attention . The little one loves dancing to the short song in between each story .
 Pure free-poetry as only Stephens can do it , these pages have informed and nourished me -- along with friends and lovers -- for nearly fifty years
 James Stephens is one of the writers who produced the works that have come to be called the `` Celtic Revival '' . In the late Victorian era writers in Ireland , Scotland and Wales had their own rennaisance of the classical works of medieval celtic literature . In Ireland this revival took on an added dimension as it became associated through figures such as Yeates and Maude Gonne with the struggle for Irish Independence . Ultimately the rediscovery of classical celtic poetry and prose gave a language , a history and a nationalistic justification to the rebels.William Butler Yeates , John Millington Synge , Oliver St.John Gogarty , James Joyce and Samuel Beckett are all renowned worldwide for their contributions to international literature . Be it on stage or in prose , they brought a poetic flavour to their art , a free flowing and lilting verse that permeates all their work . This signature blank verse gives an ancient grandeur to the literature of the period , carrying echoes of the ancient celtic poets , and redolent of Chauser and Shakespeare.James Stephens is less well known than his compatriots , but no lesser in quality . If anything his is the purest voice of the Celtic Revival . He is easily on a par with writers such as John Milton and Edmunde Spencer , who wrote similarly high works of art.But the beauty of Stephens is that his subject is the folklore of daily Irish life . Happy and jolly tales of leperachauns and fairies , small events of great import , the philosophy of field and wood . It is at once grand and accessible . The tales have a childlike attraction and simplicity to them that is belied by the quality of the prose.Whether reading for a bit of fantasy , a good laugh , or to study literature , you will not regret reading these tales .
 The book is appealing on many levels . It has fantasy , mystery , myth and abundant humor . Most of the tales aremythical in nature . Some are fabricated tall tales.The writing is excellent , with rich detail expressed interse language . A delight from cover to cover .
 As other reviewers have said at length , The Crock of Gold is a fine read , no doubt . But it is at its best read aloud . If you can find the version read masterfully by -LRB- I think -RRB- Donal Donnelly , which was offered on cassette a few years ago , you are in for a treat . The language sings , and it is wonderful to hear the Gaelic names read aloud . Listening to this book is a rare pleasure .
 If you revel in pagan dementia , and are in for a solid laugh , James Stephens 's Crock of Gold will have you rolling . The words are poetry . The thoughts are strangely intellectual . The characters are truly from another dimension . A masterpiece like no other . Long live the Philosopher and his musings ... `` So saying , he returned his eyes to his nose , and his mind to his maxim , and lapsed to a profound reflection wherein nothing sat perched on insubstantiality , and the Spirit of Artifice goggled at the puzzle . `` Try that one at home !
 James Stephen 's Crock of Gold is marvelous , but this instance , a maroon covered paperback with a multi-colored border , is marred by irresponsible use of Optical Character Recognition . Line-ending hyphenations in the original have been ignored , and now are preserved in mid-line , or worse , at line start .
 I picked up The Crock of Gold to read on a whim , and little did I know what I was getting into . I 've not read a novel this wonderful in years . I guarantee it 's one I 'm going to return to over and over , just to revel in its magic.The plot is loose and whimsical . I do n't really know how to describe it . Many strange things happen . A philosopher sparks a crisis when he inadvertently gives away the position of the leprechauns ' gold . A young woman is seduced away from home by the god Pan , and the Celtic gods must be sought out to save her . Leprechauns ' frame a murder and call in the -LRB- non-magical -RRB- police . Several people fall in love . Yep , there are fairies and kidnappings and journeys and parables , and none of it is logical , but it all manages to make sense anyway.The main thing , though , is just that this is such a beautiful book . I read a lot , but nowhere , nowhere have I read prose this beautiful . There is something very edenic about the novel , some sense that Stephens is tapping into an original knowledge of beauty that we all share . The philosopher 's journey from knowing about life toward knowing how to live is particularly meaningful . The ending , though abrupt , is startling.I ca n't recommend this book too highly .
 This short -LRB- 80 pages -RRB- , very pictorial guidebook to rose growing manages to convey to the reader the rich , exciting history of rose growing and the vastness of the industry in present days . It tells about how rose groweres manipulated and expanded the species , but also provides the novice back yard gardener with an easy to follow guide to buying and caring for roses . Many of the accompanying pictures are gorgeous . Of course they are - they ARE roses , after all .
 Enjoyable read from fun author Jerome Doolittle . Tom takes on the S & L corporates in the most unusual of ways . You _ think _ you 've read the routine via Crais ' Elvis or Parker 's Spenser , but you ai n't seen nothing til you 've met Jerome and a few of his friends . Go ahead , get the book . You wo n't be sorry .
 This is an excellent older mythology textbook , published for elementary-school children from 1956 to 1965 , a time when classical mythology was still considered important to understanding western culture by public schools.The first two of the three sections of the book relate the more important , older Greek myths and stories about the gods and goddesses . The third section details the many adventures of Odysseus . At the end of each chapter are notes mentioning modern uses of words derived from mythological names.The stories are told in rich , descriptive prose that breathes life into ancient tales , is easy to understand , yet is enjoyable for adults to read aloud . The reading level is similar to that of d'Aulaires ' Book of Greek Myths ; most sixth-grade students should be able to read it.The pencil illustrations could be better , and do unfortunately serve to date the book , but they add to the enjoyment of the stories by children.I almost did n't buy this book , which I happened across at a thrift store . It was in such poor physical shape , well-worn , missing the corners of the covers , dirty and taped in multiple places , that I nearly passed up what has turned out to be a gem . `` Do n't judge a book ... `` I highly recommend The Magic and the Sword for exposing students to these timeless stories that every educated person should be familiar with .
 This book is astounding ! It tells the Ancient Greek myths in such an interesting manner , that you would n't want to put the book down . It is a good book for beginners in Ancient Greek mythology .
 This book has so many absolutely fabulous designs , it is a joy just to look at . They are almost all rather large and/or ambitious , but I have completed projects from earlier books by the same authors , so I know they turn out to be worth the effort . This book is an absolute must if you like cats -LRB- domestic or wild -RRB- and cross-stitch ! I deduct half a point from the rating because the symbols for the three-quarter cross-stitches are not as clear as they are in , for instance ` Animals in Cross Stich ' , and another half a point for the colour charts which were much clearer when all the colours were numbered . Now the symbols , and especially the lack of symbols can make determining which colour goes where a little more difficult . Also , it is available only in hardback . Hardback may be more durable , but it makes using the book less practical . But overall a great buy !
 This beauty and cute book is the best for catlover!Stunning photos , easy to read colour charts , a lot of informations also regarding the cats ... and wonder projects to stitch!I ca n't wait to stitch all this beauty pussycats !
 I have other books by Jayne Netley Mayhew and Nicki Wheeler and I like every one of them . So far this is my favorite and I like how some of the designs can be used for needlepoint as well as cross stitch . It has designs with jungle cats as well as domestic cats and it is very hard to pick a favorite . Both ladies work very well with each other . I 'm looking forward to their new book this month and want to collect all the books they will make in the future .
 A lovely assortment of patterns . Daunting for a beginner like me , but sure to engage someone for many , many , many pleasant hours . These are big , complex patterns with good directions and colors plainly listed/described . A good reference .
 I love this book ! The cats are beautiful ! It works great for needlepoint also . I only gave it a four , because I could n't do 4.5 . My main pet peeve is that the covers get changed on books and if I do n't catch it , I end up with duplicates . Luckily I could look inside to compare . My copy is paperback with a ginger cat on the cover ... not a tiger , otherwise it would have been a 5 .
 A verry nice book just we wanted tnx.We can use it verry good.Verry nice patterns from the cats off the world
 I have had this book for awhile , now , and the only thiong I dont care for are the colored charts ... I just cant do them , as a LOT of people cant , especially the older we get . I have a ginger tabby named Sassy who looks just like the cat on the cover ... she is draped over a sofa ... having that piece will forever remind me of her after she is no longer here to drape over the couch ... You wont be disappointed if you can get by the colored charts . In fact I gave it 4 stars because of the colored charts ...
 The book has cats of all sizes and shapes . Wish there was bit more of common tabby cats . But other wise the book promises more than I bargained for . One of the tiger charts is a repeat from another of her books .
 This book is filled with wonderful projects , mostly ones that will require a lot of time , but some smaller things as well . The photos of the finished projects provide plenty of inspiration .
 Cats Of The World In Cross Stitch is the wonderfully collaborative effort of needlecraft experts Jayne Netley Mayhew and Nick Wheeler who offer the reader more than 30 `` easy-to-follow '' cross-stitch designs featuring cats of all kinds , ranging from beloved house pets to fierce lions and tigers . Gorgeous full-color illustrations and diagrams bring life to the detailed instructions for making the creation of beautiful projects easy and fun for needlecrafting cat lovers everywhere . The fun and informative asides offer tidbits of fascinating information about magnificent felines of all shapes and sizes , making Cats Of The World In Cross Stitch a most engaging and confidently recommended cross-stitch pattern collection .
 How can you beat it ? Three of the great classics of World War II in one volume!Tales of the South Pacific , by James Michener , was a Pulitzer prize winning novel by one of the greatest authors of the twentieth century . Renowned for his detailed research , and for his storytelling ability , Michener has been described with every superlative in the book . This story may be his finest , and served as the basis for the Broadway musical and the movie , `` South Pacific . '' The setting is a tropical paradise ; windswept coral isles and the nurses , soldiers and sailors caught up by the war , and the inevitable romances that resulted.Mr . Roberts , by Thomas Heggen , is the story of a much-loved navy lieutenant juxtaposed against the rigid , incompetent captain of a navy cargo vessel , the `` Reluctant , '' whose duties take her from boredom to tedium and back again with little relief for the crew . The story is anything but boring , however , and the characters are unforgettable . In the movie version , Henry Fonda portrayed the herois Mr. Roberts movingly . The story mixes poignancy with satire , and is both hugely funny and profoundly tragic.Battle Cry , by Leon Uris -LRB- another giant of literature -RRB- , depicts life in the United States Marine Corps as it was during the great Pacific War . The story takes you from boot training to the foxholes with the fighting Marine Corps , who probably suffered more than any other branch of service in the Pacific in the early to middle ` forties . Faith , hope , and desire are all epitomized in this story , often described as the greatest novel ever written about the Marines.Anyone interested in those days of Pacific conflict should have this book , unless they already have these three great stories in another form.Joseph H. Pierre
 Yes , the stories are `` fictional '' , but the feeling is real . Try reading `` Flag of our Fathers '' and this wonderful collection in tandem , then go `` Thank A Vet ! '' . Visit a VA Hospital and spend time with the elder and younger warriors who may have no one left to care about them . Join `` CIA '' -LRB- Compassion In Action -RRB- , See the young of America around you in uniform as the torchbearers of these older heroes and frightened youngsters , yet again rising to the call , doing their job , honoring us all with their Service and Sacrifice . When they are old and grayed , I pray that some brilliant authors like these will inscribe their experiences so that we 'll never forget what War is like , and how great regular folks can be.And do n't forget to thank that VET !
 For those who ca n't see the cover of Week-End Wodehouse -LRB- which is everyone , since Amazon does n't have a picture of it -RRB- , I 'll describe it . It 's a replica of the 1939 book with the same title , featuring a color sketch by Kerr . Inside , it 's off the mark with an introduction by Hilaire Belloc , and a contents page listing some forty pieces . This is very misleading however , as some of the `` pieces '' are less than a page , so there 's a second contents list which breaks down as follows
 REVENGE OF THE SON OF THE WORLD 'S TACKIEST POSTCARDS is indeed tacky . I had no idea that the world was peppered with postcards such as these . In here you 'll see hilarious cards from the 50 's and 60 's and find yourself asking , `` why would someone send a postcard about chopped Balkan horse hearts ? '' Just be glad someone did , otherwise your everyday boring life would be deprived of such campy , pointless humor . This is a book you 'll pick up periodically for years and laugh ferociously every time . I promise . A BONUS
 Wow ! That 's all I can say ... Wow!I read this in high school in the mid 60s , and I completely forgot about it . I honestly did n't remember it . I 'm not going to talk much about it . For one , it 's been heavily reviewed already , and for another , you really have to read it not knowing anything about it.But one exception . There was something that I found incredibly interesting this time around . `` The Book '' . `` The Book '' was a book that the main character reads from at some time during the story . What made Orwell write that ? How much of the theme of that book was merely his own imagination of how it could get in the worse case scenario and how much was based on some real reason why he would project such an idea?If anyone knows of any literary study or analysis on the subject of the contents of `` The Book '' within 1984 , I would be very interested to hear about it .
 A story of what could be . A story of what we thought was coming . A story of what still might be.I was supposed to read this is high school but did not . I wish I had . On the level of Catcher in the Rye or To Kill A Mockingbird this novel is thought provoking and never dull .
 Kind of like how you feel in an airport these days . This is the Tsa and homeland security rolled into one nasty picture .
 Engrossing and well written , this dark novel about a futuristic fascist government , where individual freedom is a negative concept , has been endlessly copied , the concepts repeatedly utilized . But rarely have the successors been nearly as well told . Written in 1948 , but still timeless and a great read . There is a reason this is a modern classic , while still a favorite among everything from the sci-fi crowd to the acolytes of horror , thrillers , and anyone into an intense vision of the future . One that is proving all too real .
 George Orwell wrote this classic in 1948 . He set it 36 years into the future . He was a visionary with facts in hand . The dark world he portrayed came to pass much sooner than he had predicted . Big Brother became a catch-word for all of the invasive technology that now monitors our lives . Orwell died before his fictional world became reality . He was lucky . The book is a classic . Every human being should read it and realize its ' implications .
 The book is very well written . Although there 're some wrong concatenation of words in the book , it does n't matter much .
 My daughter was reading for school , and I picked it up again to assist her with writing about it . I remember reading this in high school , but it did n't make an impression on me at the time . Now I am 30 years older , and I REALLY enjoyed this book . Having seen the world a bit and watched the advent of the information explosion and how it has affected the way governments interact with their citizens , I find that we need to think about the themes that this classic brings up . Read it again . You will like it .
 George Orwell 's landmark book 1984 is one of the most important books of the twentieth century . Orwell was deeply distressed at the totalitarian experiments of Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany . He thought that government surveillance and control of the press were trends that could make life an unliveable distopian nightmare.Orwell was a keen observer who saw trends developing in the future . He saw that as technology got more advanced , the repressive governments could gain greater controls of the populace . Orwell saw the rise of China as a reality in the future . He believed that the governments would foster a climate of perpetual war to provide a clear and present danger and a justification for empowering a military-industrial complex and giving justification for the strict controls of communication and the dissemination of information.Orwell shows that the egalitarian rhetoric of the corrupt regimes would never lead to better quailty of life for the peoples of the world . There would be perpetual shortages of consumer goods similar to those of Stalinist Russia . Orwell saw the secret police and show trials of the Soviet Union and the need for occasional purges as especially frightening trends.Orwell did not have a positive outlook about the future . His story of the travails of Winston Smith at the hands of `` Big Brother '' serves as a warning of what could be the result when people fail to be vigilant about protecting fundamental human rights . Orwell was a socialist with anarchist tendencies . However , his warnings can be valuable for people of any ideological persuasion . The book reminds people of the need to protect the right of open communication in the society . Orwell was a critic of the stifling censorship he witnessed in that era . 1984 is an essential book to read . It teaches some valuable lessons about the fact that freedom is fragile and people need to be watchdogs to protect basic civil liberties .
 Still a most perceptive and amazing book . I first read this in about 1959 as part of ENGLISH 101 requirement . It moved me then and continues to worry me even more now with the advent of CCTV cameras and rising militancy everywhere .
 `` Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four . `` Under Big Brother 's omniscient eyes , Winston Smith tried to ignite his only freedom , the freedom to believe in `` obvious '' truths , but by the novel 's end , at the caf&eacute; Winston was unsure what two plus two would make , a sign that O'Brien had successfully reintegrated a `` lost soul '' and Winston had become like his friends and neighbors , unable to question and thus unable to revolt . What sends shivers down our spines is not the various tortures O'Brien performed , but after these tortures , Winston 's total capitulation &#61630; mind , body , and soul &#61630; to Big Brother . When the mind kowtows to external authority and ceases to reflect and question , then the individual had successfully metamorphosed into a machine.Winston , by editing previous documents to conform to Oceana 's present position , such as whether Eurasia is friend or foe , had helped the regime 's guardians , who like O'Brien believed `` who controls the past controls the future ; who controls the present controls the past , '' mold the citizens ' minds . But Oceana , like other totalitarian regimes , also turned to the indispensable tool , fear , to chisel its citizens ' minds and hearts to its agenda 's shape and form . To stimulate fear and rouse its citizens to a common cause , it would when necessary create fathom enemies , either Eurasia or Eastasia , even though these totalitarian regimes also had similar ideologies , or rather , like Oceana , no ideologies.Under 1984 's dystopian sky , Winston must bow , not only because of Big Brother 's overwhelming power and presence , but also because of Winston 's inability to form any ideologies . Even though he wanted to think freely , he lacked the training and thus the analytical mind to counter O'Brien 's offenses . In the end , his mind followed the path of least resistance.Orwell 's 1984 is a dark apocalypse of sub-human society where homo-sapiens had replaced machines to operate an efficient hierarchy , an apocalypse which any people would usher wherever and whenever they ceased to question `` intuitively obvious truths . ''
 George Orwell 's 1984 is unquestionably one of my favorite novels , if not my favorite -LRB- and not merely because the title is my birth year -RRB- . Powerful and enlightening , it offers the reader a glimpse into a society in which the omnipotent State controls the populace through manipulation of language , alteration of the past , and other devices . With a population composed of brainwashed Party members and apathetic proles , the zeitgeist is characterized by contented and unthinking servitude to Big Brother . Yet Winston Smith -LRB- committing an odious , illicit act -RRB- begins to think negatively of the status quo , giving the basis of this thought-provoking novel . Admittedly , one section -LRB- but only one ! -RRB- becomes a bit tedious , Goldstein 's book . Keep reading ! The immaculate third chapter soon follows , culminating in the most effectual ending that I have ever read . Its impact proves that Orwell successful captivated the reader throughout the novel . I wonder , considering that literature as chimerical as David Deutsch 's Fabric of Reality gains placement as non-fiction , if 1984 has been incorrectly categorized . It would not surprise me if Pol Pot had used this novel as a guide book . Of course , elements are also apparent in modern American society , from the welfare state to political correctness to surveillance devices . The advice I give to the prospective reader is this
 Depressing stuff and quite emotional , considering that I have experienced some of this dismal world for 18 years -LRB- xUSSR -RRB- . On the other hand it is very much up-to-date . People are getting brainwashed today . Yesterday , absolutely everybody believed in Global Warming and if you did n't you were an enemy . Then in a blink of an eye Global Warming mutated into Climate Change . Again , everybody believes in it . They do n't understand it , but they believe in it . They do n't question it . They no longer have an ability/brain power to do it . They blindly believe/trust someone who allegedly knows more . Some who have retained the ability to question are the enemies . How many scientist who dared to voice their disbelieve in Global Warming were booed down by their colleagues and had to quit?It is but one example.That 's life , is n't it ?
 A lot of readers seem to miss the point of this novel -LRB- especially the people who gave it 1 star , that 's just weak -RRB- . It 's not about Orwell guessing what the world would be like in 1984 or really even a poke at communism . Orwell presents an exaggerated and seemingly impossible not-so-distant future to the reader and supports it magnificently with parallelisms to religion and ideology . He addresses whether freedom of the mind is intrinsic to the human conscience and whether or not free thought is necessary for human happiness . It also questions what is real or true . Does 2 +2 = 5 ? If you believe it and everyone else believes it , than why in the hell would n't it be so . The novel left me more afraid of the masses and the susceptibility of the human mind than the government . The people can take back control at the drop of a hat and they are the ones who allow it to get out of control in the first place .
 It is n't happening exactly the way Orwell thought it would but close enough for `` government work '' as they say . The few differences are covered in `` Brave New World '' -LRB- I always tell my associates to take 1984 and Brave New World , toss them in a blender and then pour out the situation that exists today -RRB- as far as the covert aspects of a government controlled society -LRB- although the government did n't have to take over the media ; the media is going along willingly without government control and the `` feelies '' -LRB- to keep people occupied doing ANYTHING other than contemplating the government -RRB- are being provided by I-pod , X-box and a host of other distractions provided to preclude the population from observing much of anything outside the immediate sphere of their own existence.I purchase copies of this book whenever I spot them in a used book store and then hand them out like candy to co-workers and friends - just to get them to start thinking about what 's going on now . After reading the Federalist Papers , Letters from Jefferson and other `` Founding Father 's Documents '' it apparent that where we are today is nothing akin to where they would have envisioned us to be - it was `` Promote the general welfare '' not `` give out welfare '' , `` pursuit of happiness '' not `` make sure everyone is happy '' . We are where we are today by ignoring what 's going on and allowing a government similar to the one 's that Orwell and Huxley predicted would develop . If you have yet to read this book then grab a copy and contemplate a further projection of the predictions ; where is the control by the government over the `` citizens '' -LSB- subjects ? -RSB- going to be in another ten years ?
 This is the most depressing tale I have ever read . Though I know it to be fiction , I still ca n't take myself out of its ending . Although you KNOW for certain how the story will end , one could even imagine writing the plot exactly as it is only half way through the book , you could still not imagine the profoundness in which it was written and the mood it puts you in . It is also one of the most mentally exhausting reads . Taking you from logical absurdities to the haziness of dream worlds to metaphysical discussions.Ok , so why am I giving it 5 stars despite all this?Because in doing it the way it is , Orwell has succeeded in transferring to you his absolute HATRED of mental bondage , and of absolute unchecked human authority , and anything and everything that can lead to them . The rate at which the story is advanced towards the darkness and viciousness , the way he never for a moment leaves a prickle of hope in you heart or your mind about the final outcome of the protagonists or the world in which he lives , all reflect in no uncertain terms this hatred . Sometimes you think to yourself reading this `` ok , I get it , why all this darkness '' ? Then , you realize what he was doing . He is shouting with the top of his lungs to all of us to NEVER EVER let things even approach the conditions of `` Airstrip one '' . What I have found most amazing in the novel towards the end is his resolution of a question that kept lingering in the protagonist 's mind throughout the story ; the `` why ? '' , why would the `` Party '' or the people in it do that ? I have seen few reviewers allude to it . His answer was as simple and unexpected to me as it was to Winston - the protagonist , yet was perfectly inline with the extreme world Orwell built . There is no `` why '' , there is no logic to explain it . Power is an end , not a means . In the words of the party members
 George Orwell has not only written an engaging and entertaining , -LRB- though sometimes depressing , but in a necessary way -RRB- dystopic-future novel ; he has also given the reader both political and human insights.Although you wo n't find a happy ending in Orwell 's masterpiece , the reader will enjoy the suspense of the dangers of Winston 's world . I could also sympathize with the romance between Winston and Julia , two lovers finding solace in each other while in deadly and dead surroundings . The prose is descriptive but also moves the reader along and lets the reader contemplate the book 's political and human insights.Politically it is still very relevant . There are still toltalitarian governments and the situation that Winston suffers parallels not exactly , but is similair to the lives of many in third world countries with opressive dictators.It could even be used symbolically to satirize America . Sometimes the government tells the press and the public lies . It has happened before . Think of Watergate . And to be fair to both parties I 'll include both Bill Clinton 's lies and the lies about Vietnam.Humanely , it is a moving novel , showing man 's inhumanity to man ; the ability for a government to have such strength as to wipe out our signiture features
 George Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' published in 1949 , projects a parallel world 35 years into the future in which all nations have been combined into three major superpowers in an eternal state of unrest . London still exists , but it is now a part of Oceania , governed by an entity called the Party , headed by a sovereign figure known only as Big Brother . The Party 's one goal is power -- power over everybody and everything in Oceania . Surveillance is administered constantly ; devices called telescreens are placed in people 's homes to monitor thoughts and actions and broadcast Party propaganda continuously , with no way for the resident to turn his off or change the channel . Free thinkers are not tolerated , and roving bands of `` Thought Police '' are sent to sniff out transgressors . The Party is developing an official language called Newspeak , whose goal is to simplify language by eliminating as many extraneous words as possible and reducing vocabulary to a small number of basic words , thus narrowing the scope of thought.But there 's always a rebel . The protagonist is a man named Winston Smith who works at the Ministry of Truth as a sort of professional history revisionist . His job is to revise newspaper articles and documents in which Big Brother made predictions or statements that did not agree with the actual outcome of events ; in other words , to maintain the public illusion that the Party is infallible and omniscient . Unhappy with his state of being , Winston would like to overthrow the Party but is powerless to do so . Teaming up with his love interest Julia , another Party worker , he colludes with a high-ranking Party official named O'Brien , who reveals himself as a secret member of a society called the Brotherhood who are planning to destroy the Party . O'Brien gives Winston a subversive book explaining the ideals and motivations of the Party
 This book vividly portrays the most extreme end of socialism 's slippery slope . The book is terrifying to read because the eery science fiction-like society which Orwell describes is not so inconceivable . I lived in Russia a few years ago and was struck by the cold impersonal drabness of everything . In the blank , hollow , empty eyes of many of Russia 's elderly I saw how tyranny had literally erased personality . The spark of humanity which puts light in the eyes had been doused , and all that was left was a shell of a human being who was no longer a person , but merely a function with no independent thought . George Orwell 's 1984 has existed to a large degree in totalitarian regimes of the past , and its radical egalitarian roots exist in society today . They seem to be an integral part of human nature 's dark side.Two things in this book were especially profound for me . First was Orwell 's exposition of the social conflicts between the highs , the middles , and the lows , which Winston Smith read about in Goldstein 's book . George Orwell understood totalitarianism well enough to see that equality is not socialism 's end , but merely the propagandistic means for replacing the highs . Self-serving tyrants inevitably usurp socialism 's ideals and use them to become the highs themselves , indulging themselves in privilege at the expense of the rest of society . After reading Goldstein 's book , Winston understood the how , and O'Brien explained to him the why when he declared , chillingly , that power was an end in and of itself.The second thing which struck me as profound was Orwell 's exposition of Newspeak , the official language of Oceania which robbed people of their ability to think by robbing them of their ability to express thoughts in words . Rudimentary examples of doublethink , crimethink , and the thought police can be seen in various political groups within our society today.This book is brilliant and prophetic , a must read for all those socialist utopians who have forgotten the dark realities of human nature .
 1984 is unquestionably one of the greatest books in the history of English literature . A terrifying look at the dangers of totalitarian government , it is ingeniously written and scarily realistic . George Orwell is meticulously thorough in his depiction of a world that is bleak , hopeless , and horrifying -- and perhaps not as distant as we think . The writing style is factual and almost impersonal , reflecting not only the government but the people themselves , who have been reduced to unthinking robots . Protagonist Winston Smith 's resistance against Big Brother -LRB- the symbolic leader of the Party -RRB- and ultimate complete acceptance and execution demonstrate the debility and irresolution of the human mind and spirit . The authoritarian government itself is eerily familiar , complete with conspiracies , cover-ups , and double-dealing politicians . While the year 1984 is long past , the book is still a relevant and potent warning of what the future may bring if we let it . The concept of 1984 is brilliant , the writing is brilliant , and it is nearly impossible not to love this book . 1984 is a definite must-read for anyone . Enthusiastically recommended ; 5 stars .
 _ Nineteen Eighty Four _ , first published in 1949 by George Orwell -LRB- pen name of Eric Blair -RRB- , is a horrifying dystopian novel of a world in which the individual human being has been completely degraded and deprived of his fundamental humanity that reflects the totalitarianisms of the day , particularly communism and Stalinism . George Orwell -LRB- 1903 - 1950 -RRB- was the pen name of the British author Eric Blair , who developed an early enmity towards those in power and their abuses of power . Orwell was a socialist but came to witness the horrors of the Soviet state and the betrayal of his ideals by Stalinists . As such , Orwell came to loathe totalitarianism in general and wrote novels showing the degrading effects such societies had on people . Throughout this book , one can witness the underlying hatred of Orwell and those imprisoned by the system for the totalitarian state and bureaucracy which completely controls their lives and existences . This book in particular shows that rage in the main character of Winston Smith , a mere pawn in a totalitarian society . Orwell 's books are indeed prophetic and show us a world in which the very life-force has been sapped out of mankind by those in power . Orwell imagines a highly efficient totalitarian state , capable of enforcing political correctness at the highest levels , tampering with the memories of men , and maintaining a total disregard for the truth . Orwell shows how under such regimes the very notion of truth becomes suspect and the individual can no longer distinguish between fact and state propaganda . This particularly applies to the Soviet Union under Josef Stalin , which is the primary setting for Orwell 's stories . However , Orwell 's books are also applicable to the West of today , where the constant menace of totalitarian ideology exists . _ 1984 _ gives us a whole slew of new terminology to describe the situation as it exists in a totalitarian state in which political correctness is enforced . The book introduces such terms as thought police , thought crime -LRB- and thought criminal -RRB- , doublethink , memory hole , Ingsoc , and Newspeak . Such terms reflect the complete disregard of the totalitarian state for the truth and the active promotion of propaganda within society . They have also largely entered into our culture as expressions to describe the enforcement of political correctness . _ 1984 _ focuses on the main character Winston Smith , a member of the Outer Party who lives in England and works for the Ministry of Truth . As it turns out , the Ministry of Truth ironically is responsible for spreading propaganda , and as all ministries mentioned by Orwell has a purpose exactly opposite to its stated purpose . The world of 1984 is a very bleak one indeed , run by a single party and its ruling leader `` Big Brother '' , in which all individuals are subject to surveillance by the state should they commit a `` thought crime '' . All expressions of individuality in 1984 have been wiped out and the human being is totally degraded living a pathetic existence of total subservience to the party . Sexuality has been suppressed as part of the `` Anti-sex League '' as well as religion . Truth itself is highly malleable and memory is constantly distorted , reflected in such ironical and oxymoronic sayings of the party as `` War Is Peace '' , `` Freedom Is Slavery '' , and `` Ignorance Is Strength '' . Further , the nation of Oceania is constantly at war with either Eurasia or Eastasia , varying from day to day and reflected in the official propaganda of the state bureaucracy . All party members revere their leader `` Big Brother '' -LRB- perhaps reminiscent of Josef Stalin or other totalitarian dictators -RRB- and despise the rebellious `` Goldstein '' -LRB- perhaps reminiscent of the Soviet hatred for Leon Trotsky -RRB- . Further , the party exists in a caste system in which the `` proles '' -LRB- the proletariat -RRB- live underneath the party members -LRB- who are divided into the Inner and Outer Party -RRB- . Winston Smith works for the Ministry of Truth but begins to keep a diary -LRB- which is strictly forbidden to party members -RRB- in which he reflects his hatred for `` Big Brother '' . His work involves developing propaganda for the party . At work he meets up with Julia , who he initially believes is a strict orthodox member of the party . However , eventually he comes to realize that Julia is in love with him and they have a secret encounter in the countryside . Eventually Julia expresses to Winston her complete loathing for the party , though she publicly maintains a persona of utter obeisance and orthodoxy and belongs to the `` Anti-sex League '' . Together they find a new hiding place in a shop in a part of the city where the `` proles '' live and attempt to re-discover the past of England . Throughout this period , however , the two live in constant fear of the thought police , should they catch onto their affair . Eventually , Winston meets up with O'Brien at work , a man who he believes is a member of the Resistance , and is given a copy of Goldstein 's book which explains the rise of the party and the need for perpetual war . Orwell quotes extensively from Goldstein 's book which reflects much of the social thinking of the time , in particular the theory of managerial elites . However , Winston and Julia are captured by the party and it turns out that O'Brien is in fact a member of the party . While taken captive , both are tortured and made to recant their original beliefs about the party . In a particularly disgusting scene , Winston is taken to Room 101 where he must face his worst fear . There he ultimately betrays Julia -LRB- as she has already betrayed him -RRB- to save himself from being tortured by rats -LRB- the worst torture that he can imagine -RRB- . Eventually , Winston is completely re-educated and made to love `` Big Brother '' while his relationship with Julia is forever changed after their mutual betrayals of each other . Thus , ends in the most horrifying of manners Orwell 's classic novel . Orwell concludes with an appendix on `` The Principles of Newspeak '' which effectively shows how even the language itself can be put to the purposes of propaganda within a totalitarian state . _ 1984 _ remains a classic dystopia reflecting the darker side of human existence within the Twentieth Century as it played out in the totalitarian dictatorships of the age . Throughout this novel , the very notion of truth remains problematic , as the party re-defines history to reflect its own agenda and thus even memory itself becomes distorted . Orwell shows the sheer degradation that the human being undergoes within such a surveillance society , to the eventual point where a man can be tortured by the powers that be to such an extent that he will eventually even renounce his love and embrace the figure he hates the most . While the novel is made to reflect Soviet society and Stalinism in particular , it also reflects the modern world in general , in which large-scale and efficient bureaucratic structures rob man of his humanity . Orwell 's novels prove particularly prescient warnings to mankind to avoid the dangers of totalitarianism . As such , they should be read by all thinking individuals who seek to understand the horrors that can be inflicted upon the human being through totalistic societies .
 This is a book which will haunt you all your life . It 's a powerful tale of just how far tyrany can go . The impact of the book derives from the believability of the story and it 's characters . I believe this work will survive as one of the great classics of our century . I do however warn any reader to be sure they are prepared to literally `` walk through the valley of the shadow of death '' . Orwell paints a future so totally evil that it takes one some time to recover
 It is difficult to put in words the power that Orwell 's 1984 holds without the grave risk of understating . Orwell offers us a negative Utopia , a world where evil thrives and the word `` Communism '' is never actually uttered , for the simple reason that it does not need to be ... he offers us Winston Smith , a tortured man who 's struggle for his own thoughts , ideas , and lover is doomed to failure from the beginnning . The undertones of hopelessness , poverty , evil , and senselessness are ever present in this terrifying novel that I believe will outlive us all . One can only wonder why this novel was not put on the blacklist of Joseph McCarthy , who dubbed so many classics as `` Unamerican '' . Many have found themselves profoundly depressed upon reading the last four words of this novel , which is every free thinking , open minded man 's worst nightmare staring back from a page . .
 Most everyday at school , I am assigned reading . It never crossed my mind that a book with such power and meaning , 1984 , could be read in a parochial school . I read it as a Sophomore last year , and now , as a Junior , am able to now fully understand the book and its tribulations.Orwell is the master teacher , and we should consider ourselves to be mere pupils , desiring to learn the craft of excavating the truth .
 Through out the centuries , men have preached altuism and unity . They were Big Brother . Through out the centuries , men have preached equality and hipocrosy . They were Big Brother . Through out the centuries , men have preached non-thought and conformity . They were Big Brother . Through out history , a long line of men have stood , begining with Plato , continuing with Stalin , and propagated today by every man , woman , and child who believes that 2 +2 = 5 , that A is not A.These men have stood for Big Brother , have stood for Ingsoc , have stood for evil , and have stood for 1984 . George Orwell 's masterpiece stood for all that which conflicted with those ideals
 I found 1984 simply terrifying . Big Brother wasawesome and omnipotent
 This book is a deep representation of the human mind in comparison to the mind of the world and society . If a single man feels one way , that is the way he feels . Even though his ideas may be different than what is normal , they are still his thoughts . Winston Smith is a man struggling between the past and the future and lost in the present . The Thought Police along with Big Brother make the laws , rules , theories , past , present and future , and all that is . Life in 1984 is Big Brother . When Winston falls in love with a woman named Julia , a forbidden act , he becomes hopeful in his efforts to defy Big Brother . The force of it 's power and strength is too strong and over powering , and Winston is crushed . Winston is a grain of sand on a beach owned by Big Brother . One grain , in the world of 1984 , can not rule the beach . The beach , by definition , is all the grains of sand . Without each grain , the beach would cease to exist . Without the followers , The Party would die . The will for it to survive is to powerful to allow it to fall and die
 I wonder , does a person have be seriously ill to write such a powerful book like Orwell did ... He had no hope and he imagined all world in his situation . That 's very interesting
 Orwell defines a derivative of language in 1984 - the concept of Newspeak.It is by virtue of word reduction that the average intelligence of the world my be reduced , as to limit the quantity and quality of thoughtverbage is to limit the power of thought itself.To keep a country in a permanenet state of war serves the purpose of working for the common good . Could this have been Orwell 's remark upon the subtle ways of the world at the time of writing the boook , or thoughts about future oppression ? I fear that Orwell was considering the former .
 This is the best science fiction story ever written . In1949 , Orwell made his statement about dictatorialgovernments by writing a tale in which the entire worldwas dominated by three dictatorial supercountries , obviouslybased on the Russian communists of the time . In his story , a man from the nation of Oceania dares to secretly hate thecountries figurehead leader , Big Brother . He must hide fromthe Thought Police and his more loyal comrades to join therevolutionary party , the Brotherhood , before he isdiscovered and tortured in the Ministry of Love , thenation 's hypocritical law wnforcement . This book is a mustfor every fan of Brave New World or Animal farm , or any book of the like .
 This is the timeless classic which the term `` Orwellian '' and `` Big Brother '' are derived . This terrifying look into apossible future in which the Government `` Big Brother '' holdstotal control over the populace . Orwell 's vision of thefuture still holds very true to this day and is a must-readfor anyone concerned about the future of technology andgovernmental control.-Hans Chen
 I attended parochial school as a teen and this book was a huge `` no-no . '' I read it anyway and understood why those who seek control over others are very uncomfortable with this book . Personally , I think it should be required reading as it helps to define manipulative behaviours . It 's a great book about a lousy world where thought is actively curtailed and the powers that be are only satisfied when the soul is utterly destroyed .
 In a world where political religion reigns , God is replaced by Big Brother -LRB- the all-seeing , all-knowing government -RRB- and an invisible leader , known by the images projects on the tv screens . History is rewritten by way of consensus - whatever everyone believes is deemed as truth . I am reminded by the quote , `` Power corrupts , and absolute power corrupts absolutely . '' This speaks to the corruption that can result from a search for power , where personal power becomes powermongering over others . It also implies the power of belief over the mind and the struggle between the individual and the group consciousness . The ending is utterly tragic and the coldbloodedness of the Ministry of Love shocked me to the bone . I have read this book a few times and would strongly recommend it to anyone wishing to see the danger that may result in giving up one 's freedom for security and the ability to think for oneself in return for comfort . Here , `` ignorance is bliss . ''
 To me it is somewhat surprising how few people think this is a book about perception and how that perception can be circumvented and subverted by the use of semantics . This should be obvious since Orwell actually takes the trouble to stop the book in mid-stride and lecture the reader about things like `` doublethink '' . Jane Austen 's `` Pride and Prejudice '' is also a book about perception , so much so that one of the Penguin Paperback editions has an entire introduction devoted to this idea . This is why Austen 's book is still so timely and why `` 1984 '' is more timely than ever.The liberal left in America has had it 's ability to reason literally overwhelmed in some instances by it 's own political agenda . If Orwell could have I 'm sure he would have coined the phrase , `` political correctness '' . Political correctness blinds a person to any solution that does not fit in with their world view and so America has become a very troubled place indeed ; in America , rape by one group can be the result of ` generational rage ' and by another a predatory crime . Crime itself becomes politicized according to skin color . Words like ` colonialism ' , and ` imperialism ' have had to be redefined by the Left in order to portray America in the light they wish . On the Left , it is taken for granted that all cultures are equal , separated only by opportunity and not by an inherent brilliance or lack of it ; the benefits of multiculturalism , as a result , are taken for granted and not to be even questioned and America 's immigration policy reflects this tenet.The political Left in America in the 21st century has taken on the delusional aspects of the Right in the 1960 , s , seeing what it wishes to see and deriding all else with an airy , moral wave of the hand . Obsessed with race , the Left projects its own obsession with skin color onto millions of white Americans it does n't even know.The Left in America projects it 's own oppressive and smothering presence onto the country as a whole in the name of political freedom while absolving America 's criminal oppressors of guilt ; it is the ` system ' that is guilty and the ` real ' criminal . Criminals become heros , and lack of achievement celebrated in patronizing asides while success itself is deemed immoral without regard to the intent of the opposite side of that success . Thus failure attains morality in an Orwellian way that is most troubling . The left assigns morality wholesale in stereotypes that consign a banker to spiritual bankruptcy and a college student the opposite in a bigoted default system totally unaware of it 's own racism and lack of perception of reality.The political Left in America is caught in the very perceptual trap that Orwell warned about ; that trap is insidious and blinds one to it 's very walls.Lack of achievement in America on the part of certain groups in relegated to a concept of a generational hangover while achievement is deemed a result of privilege ; in the eyes of the Left , both groups are in fact exactly equal in terms of competence.In America , the Left would have you believe that everyone is exactly equal , the `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' as it were in not a class struggle but an evening out of class , based on the ` coulda , woulda , shoulda ' view that there must be a reason why some groups achieve and others do not aside from their own endemic value system or lack of it . In this scenario success itself achieves a type of tainted corruption while lack of success is to be excused , examined , mitigated and measured in every possible way but what counts and that is as Orwellian as it gets . `` Big Brother '' is n't watching everyone , just those it deems watchable by skin color , success and and entirely de-contextualized cultural history every bit as subversive as Winston 's job .
 Once science fiction , now daily reality
 A powerful book , that eerily depicts the direction the world is going where truth is shunted and lies are promoted by all the mainstream media . The three slogans of the Party as described in book is very familiar with what we hear from our leaders in these times : War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is StrengthOrwell paints a picture of how this fascist totalitarian state is controlled by control surveillance , the new language of Newspeak and the three main ministries that are : `` Ministry of Peace '' , which concerns itself with war `` The Ministry of Truth '' , which takes care of news , entertainment , education etc. in short translated as the place of propaganda `` The Mihistry of Love '' , which is concerned with law and order and according to Orwell the most frighening one.It is truly a must read book as the rise of fascism is happening . Can also highly recommend seeing the movie called `` V for Vendetta '' , as it is also set in a fascist environment , that closely resembles the one George Orwell depicts in this book .
 Reading this book as an impressionable youth back in 1976 turned me , in many ways , into who I am today , thirty-plus years later . Never trusting the official government story , whether it be the Kennedy or Martin Luther King assassinations or the official 9/11 conspiracy theory . I realize that the powers that be always have their own agenda , which invariably differs completely from the people 's interests . It has led me to do my own research -LRB- now far easier on the internet than in the NYC libraries with their budget-slashed hours I could never coordinate with -RRB- . It has led down some frightening paths that more people should be going down , for truly we are living in Nineteen Eighty-Four this very minute.And as a bit of clarification , Orwell was not `` predicting '' this dystopia for 1984 , as some have written here . He was not a soothsayer . With this book he artfully expounds on his experiences working in the real `` Ministry of Truth '' during World War II
 As a person who lived at socialism and now at capitalism in Russia and outside Russia I can say ... ' 1984 ' is still actual , regardless of a political system . UNFORTUNATELY . A lot of mind controlling methods , may be not as cruel as in ' 1984 ' described , but still same unhuman , are applied all over the world ... . I strongly recommend to read this book to younger generation and do n't think that it is about gone away Stalin 's Russia ... IT IS ABOUT OUR TODAY ... In Russia and elsewhere . It is not too easy to read it , but when you MUST THINK it is always not easy ...
 I last read this book over ten years ago , but recently felt the urge to rediscover the negative utopia . In the book , George Orwell may well have been warning of the dangers of the Soviet Union and totalitarianism . However , even as these facets of our world have faded , the nightmare of 1984 is still too feasible.The plot of a defective man and his internal struggle against an omnipotent government is familiar to most . The main character Winston Smith can not reconcile the lies that the government has fed to others . He often sees his comrades as being `` paralyzed by their own stupidity '' . Winston 's search for something more not only sanctions the ire of the government , but draws ostracism from his peers . In the end , we see that without the all controlling government , Winston whithers away into less than a man . This is the ultimate danger of a government that has grown too powerful.Perhaps no chapter in the book is more potent than Section IV of Chapter III . In this section , Winston reads from the manual of the brotherhood . In a passage that is all too real , the book derides the profitability of war , the class stucture/structure of government , and the failures of previous governments . We also learn the meaning of Big Brother 's motto , `` Who controls the past , controls the future ; who controls the present , controls the past . `` After being in publication for more than half of a century , 1984 is still a literary masterpiece and one of my absolute favorite books .
 George Orwell -LRB- 1903-1950 -RRB- wrote 1984 in the late 1940s , and the novel was published in 1949 . This book was a description of a negative utopia , and served as a warning to the West of not only future events but events that had already occured in Western Europe and the United States . In fact , the original title of 1984 was 1948 , but Orwell 's publishers thought a futuristic title would increase sales of the book . There are three basic warnings in this book . One is that the status of `` perpetual war for perpetual peace '' was a permanent feature . Secondly , Orwell was clear about the corrpution of language and thought that could be used to manipulate the masses -LRB- the proles as describved in the book -RRB- . The third warning was the use of war to maintian unity and the illusion of full employment.The shifting of political alliances in 1984 has an all to familiar ring . Note that during the first had of the decade of the 1940s that the Soviets , Chinese , etc. were gallant allies . On the other had , the Japanese , Germans , and the Italians were the forces of evil beyond redemption . Yet , by 1948 , or 1946 , the scene dramatically changes . All of a sudden , the Soviets were the evil `` Gremlins in the Kremlin . '' The Chinese suddenly became wicked . The previously defined wicked Germans , Japanese , and Italians were now suddently `` good guys . '' One should also that those who clearly wrote about this in any honest context were badly smeared or condemned for being honest.Another part of 1984 which should be closely examined is the corrpution of language . The politically approved words such as democracy , world peace , etc. , are part of the media 's cowardly effort to avoid truth . Political hacks use these approval words in a flimsy attempt to pose as experts assigned to explain the changes of `` allies '' and power shifts . Orwell was always aware of the corruption of language and , in turn , the corruption of thought . The examples Orwell uses in 1984 should attract the attention of thoughtful men.Orwell was one of the few who saw the connection between war and economics . He was one of the first who saw war production as an economic engine to maintain something close to full employment . He lived through the Great Depression and realized that wars are started not so much to defeat the enemy as to maintain political unity and full employment on `` the home front . '' If a `` war '' can be prolonged , the better attempt to maintain war production and full employment . While living standards were not good , workers have the illusion that they are reasonable well off and are busy with important work.Orwell 's 1984 should be required reading for any teenager . The political lessons derived from this book are important , and , as some have mentioned , one can learn good prose . Reading 1984 can help explain the shifting of alliances since the start of the Cold War and can help explain phony international tensions from the end of W.W. II to the present . One should reflect how many `` enemies '' and allies the Americans have had during this time as well as reflect on how enemies quickly become allies and vice versa . This reviewer would not recommend 1984 to anyone who is immune to reason .
 In his book 1984 , George Orwell predicts a bleak future for the world from his point of view . While written in 1949 , this book is still pertinent today . Orwell describes a world in which people are conditioned to believe only what the government , known as Big Brother , wants them to.In this book , humans are denied many of the freedoms that people today fail to appreciate . Privacy is nonexistant , due to the installation of telescreens , like modern-day security cameras , in every room . Feelings and personal opinions are eradicated , and even one 's own thoughts are not private , because the government can tell what you are thinking through even your slightest facial expressions . Questioning authority is an unheard of concept , and love toward another person taboo . Even the language is limited to a small range of words to eliminate the ability to think anything out of the pre-determined norm.Taking place in the city of London , 1984 revolves mainly around the character named Winston Smith , an Outer Party member in the three-class society . Smith lives in a shabby apartment and works at the Ministry of Truth , where he alters previously-written newspaper articles according to the government 's liking . This ensures that the government can not be questioned , and they are always right . He is , in a sense , rewriting history.In the book , Smith considers himself an anomaly to the methodical and monotonous world in which he is living . He finds it hard to accept the ideals that Big Brother passes off as truth , and therefore considers himself an abnormality . He feels alone in his detestation of Big Brother 's policies . Despite all this , Winston has to put up a facade for the outside world , so he is not percieved by the government as anything but normal.At the same time he is pretending to love and honor Big Brother and everything it stands for , Winston is secretly plotting its downfall . He thinks the only people who can do this are the proles , the lowest social class , because they make up the majority of the population . Knowing that he can not defeat Big Brother single-handedly , Winston enlists the help of O'Brian , a member of the Inner Party , or the upper social class.Throughout the rest of the book , Winston enters the world of the Brotherhood , the organization against Big Brother . Will they succeed in their attempt to overthrow Big Brother ? What will become of Winston and O'Brian ? Will the rise of the individual ever transpire ? You will have to read the book to find out.Personally , I thought 1984 was a , while somewhat depressing , thought-provoking glance at the possibility of a dictatorial society . It made me wonder if what we percieve as truths in the world are really truths , or if they are just what we are conditioned to accept as truths . 1984 is a timeless novel that makes you question everything from conformity to the government and the media . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who has ever questioned the standards that society revolves around today .
 This is a wonderful book almost every moment is gripping . I 'm 14 so the parts that I found less interesting or lost the storyline I probably misunderstood the message . I gave it a 9 because the end made me angry I feel winston should 've still hated big brother .
 I have a good time with reading this book . It whas better then the `` Animal Farm '' . When i read this , i was happy that Walesa was alive -LRB- pl . ze Walesa zyl -RRB- , that now im free , that mi moves is like that what i wan it to be .
 This book was the greatest read of my negative utopia period . In high school , between watching the JROTC guys -LRB- myself somewhat included -RRB- get brainwashed , the first season of the X-Files , and other books like Zamatin 's IT and Huxley 's Brave New World , I was a little skittish . I chose to leave the genre behind me.Definitly a read . It will make you question your surroundings .
 This is the best novel i ` ve ever read !! It is a fine book.It makes you think about the world today . -LRB- it did for me . -RRB-
 This book has given me inspiration to write two websites on politics and given me a new outlook on the world . I STRONGLY recommend that you read this ! This is a wonderful book ! READ IT !!!
 1984 will go down in the history books as being one of the milleniums best books . In my opinion , it is as classic as the Iliad , the Odyssey , and the Bible . It is nothing short of a masterpiece , written by a masterfull author . The hopeless and deeply depressing concepts and social conditions so eliquently described in this book are almost uncomprehensable in modern times . This book is a call to carefully monitor federalistic endeavors in the future for the betterment of humankind .
 The prophecy , the nightmare , the year , the state of mind , the way of being , and yes , the classic novel itself are what 20th century intellectuals associate with George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four . Although this is how the book is perceived by most , the saga of character Winston Smith placed in an oppressive world ruled by the totalitarian perils of `` Big Brother , '' stands for more than just a year , or the political nightmare , Nineteen Eighty-Four signifies now . Nineteen Eighty-Four indicates the thoughts deep down inside one of us that denote our weakening of individuality and the wrath of group will that exploit this abatement . All of our trust in authority dissolves when the empty darkness of `` massmindness '' and `` doublethink '' swells by Orwell 's amazing insight .
 As the plot has already been summarized by all the other online-reviewers , I will put this simple and straight
 I recently finished 1984 , and I thought it was pretty cool . I was pulling for Winston and Julia all along , and I even had some doubts about O'Brien . I think Orwell 's written a very political , social , economically minded book , that says some very important things about government control and oppression . Walter Cronkite 's preface explains the book as a warning , and a successful one at that since our world has yet to fall into the depressing reality of Orwell 's vision . I was disturbed , intrigued , and confused by the book , and it 's prompted me to consider many different aspects of our present society , such as Newspeak and Doublespeak , governmental influences , and societal forces . Thanks Goeroge .
 This is the best book that I have read . Orwell gets into the mind of the reader and makes him think about every thought he gets . I know that I will never think the same after having read this book . And to that guy from California , first of all learn how to spell and secondly , I did n't count the number of reviews posted but at least 90 % rate this book as a ten or nine , and you are the only person that gave it a one .
 I do n't consider this book to be science-fiction . I consider this to be science-future . Leaving aside any criticism of current political parties , lets just say that 1984 is a warning about allowing the individual to be ruled by the state , about allowing the individual to fall into the collective.It can be a difficult book to read , because the concept itself is difficult in this day and age ... the struggle to retain an individual mind . The book is about Winston Smith , living in a future world -LRB- 1984 WAS the future in 1949 when the book was written -RRB- which is dominated by an all-present and all-powerful government which is partly based on Stalin 's Russia , Hitler 's Germany , and -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- England and America . But the government which is symbolized by ` big brother ' not only dominates the professional and personal world of Winston Smith , it also controls his thoughts , using constant brainwashing through media and imagery.Smith begins to assert his individualism , starts a love affair with a similar thinking woman and joins the resistance , which may only exist in his own mind . But Smith is doomed , there is no happy ending ... only a warning to us all about trends in society . 1984 may have come and gone on the calendar , but IngSoc and Big Brother live on and continues to gain.This book has become the classic metaphor for the evils and failures of collectivist societies , and will haunt your ideas of political solutions to society 's problems .
 I truly believe this book was sent as a precautionary tale to future generations . If not , Orwell damn sure used a prohet 's brain to pen this masterpeice . In a world that cares more about war , profit , and restricting civil liberties , we should be so bold as to read this and take notice . Our time as a free people is almost gone , and we will never , ever get it back.War is Peace . Freedom is Slavery .
 I have decided to rewrite this review entirely , because it was not really a guide of the literary work , but rather an opinion on how totalitarism is taking over my country.If you are new to this singular book , in a way you are very fortunate . Its best to learn from the source itself the expressions such as
 I can not count the number of times I was asked , `` What 's so special about the year 1984 ? '' while I was reading the book the title of which randomly forsees that particular year . That question scared me , because this novel is so important . Beyond that , I was floored that some people had not at least heard of `` 1984 '' -LRB- which was first published in 1949 -RRB- . That is not a criticism of those who are guilty of this , but rather an indication of my incredulity , because the impact had on our culture by Orwell 's genius , manifested in `` 1984 '' , can not be overstated . As another reviewer here noted , it is indeed true that many people reference George Orwell 's prescient masterpiece , oftentimes without realizing what it is that influenced their thought or even having actually read the book . `` 1984 '' animates the collective paranoia that stems from our well-founded wariness of contemporary society 's ever-encroaching governmental systems , as well as the potential dangers introduced to them by the evolution of modern technology.Furthermore , it reminds those paying attention that we must guard our psyches and intellects against the mad intentions of those who forget , or disregard , the truth that to conform for conformity 's sake alone is to surrender rights to humanity 's defining gift.I would suggest that you do n't pick `` 1984 '' as a casual beach-read . It is riveting , but heavy and thick with relevance to current events . Do n't read it after having a few drinks either , especially when you come to the book-within-a-book portion .
 First of all , a clarification is in order . George Orwell did not write this fortelling evil Republics or corrupt Democrats , as both parties would wish us to believe . It does not `` apply '' to today in the sense that events translate directly from the story to modern events . People too often make this mistake , and have turned this book from a chilling future into propoganda and lies . The messages , the themes , the lies-all of them can and do apply to our modern world . But Orwell was n't saying `` President Bush '' or `` John Kerry '' , or any other leader . He was saying `` us '' - this is where WE , the race of mankind , is headed . Read with that in mind .1984 is a misleading title , because it limits the book to that date . Rather , extend it to the future , as 1984 was when this was originally published . 1984 is a vision of a future where the government , Big Brother , rules everything . Literally . Individuals have no life save to aid Big Brother , truth is only what Big Brother says , regardless of history or facts . There is no past that can not be changed , no event that can not be made to disappear . This is not an uplifting book . This is not a book which will leave you thinking `` We will rise above this '' , but instead , `` We MUST rise above this '' , and that , I believe , was the author 's intention . 1984 does not tell of one man 's rise above his surroundings , but his falling into them . Too many people distort this for petty politics , and in doing so , fall into the pattern that 1984 warns us against . We twist words , create meanings , dice the novel into a form to fit our needs , but if you read 1984 , that is not what this story is about . 1984 may well prove to be the strongest warning of a future that this world could so easily fall into , and its message must not be forgotten or lost . I beg you to ignore the popular trend of taking this book to support a political cause . It supports none but the cause of freedom and truth through telling of slavery and lies . The future that Orwell saw is nearer than we think , and it is only by understanding this story that it will diminish in threat . Read this book openly , without trying to pin parts of it to the modern world or to support your political party , but trying to apply the broad scope of this novel to our future . A powerful warning for all people to read and understand .
 To those 37 people who rated this book with a One star , and to those 22 people who rated this book with two stars : Im the kindest and simplist words I can muster up , I am dreadfully sorry you did not approve of the book . Truely I am sorry.Orwellian 's 1984 is simply a masterpiece that , while being frequently challanged for its content and it 's ungraphic , unerotic sex scene , everyone should read . It tells of the protagonist , Winston , within his daily life in Oceania -LRB- the future London , England -RRB- . Winston , is not unlike most people living in Oceania , he has a large television screen in his room which constantly spouts information spoon fed -LRB- and presumably processed -RRB- by the Ministry of Truth , which not only presents information , but creates the future , and changes the past to fit the glorification of their leader
 1984 is definitely one of those classics that should be required reading for everyone . Even if you 're not interested in politics , this book gets under your skin to the very fears we have about the government controlling our lives . The message Orwell is conveying is indeed relevant to modern times with the war on terror , the Patriot Act , and media biases that are a part of the national conscience . The characters come alive through the vivid language and you grow to feel sympathetic to Winston and his psychological downspiral . This book is one that keeps you interested the whole time because of the suspense and wise foresight it contains . You will end the book feeling pensive and open to discuss what you agreed or disagreed with this novel . Bottom line
 nineteen eighty-four was definitely a book with a storyline that fit my interests . Politics , psychology , love , sex , and unexpected twists of plot make it an interesting read . As one is reading , it 's almost as if the reader is stuck in the same kind of darkness and ignorance that is imposed upon the characters . Will the next page be another mundane day in the live of Winston or will there be exciting happenings as the characters defy the absolute authority of the party ? The reader must feel around in the dark so to speak , and the chronological jumps only make it more unpredictable.The predominating theme of the novel is the organization known as Ingsoc , or the english socialism movement-usually referred to as `` the party . '' The party rules over one of the three superstates-Oceania . Oceania is constantly at war with one of the other two superstates , which are Eastasia and Eurasia . This war becomes significant later in the book as a vital contributing factor to the success of the party 's absolute rule . In Oceania there are three classes . The inner party -LRB- approx . 1 % of the population -RRB- is at the topmost rung of society-afforded all the luxuries one could ask for to live comfortably . They also have the privilege of being allowed to turn off the hated telescreens , through which the `` thought police '' constantly watch the activities of every party member . The outer party -LRB- of which Winston Smith is a member-approx . 18 % of the population -RRB- are the group of people who are the most psychologically controlled . Most are assigned jobs which involve the changing of historical records and falsifying the media . They are poorly provided for and closely controlled . Anyone smart or ambitious enough to be a danger to the power of the party is eliminated , and through psychological control , even their closest friends -LRB- or more appropriately `` comrades , '' as the party has abolished the concept of friendship -RRB- can be made to forget that the eliminated person ever existed . The party throughout the book is even hard at work creating a new language that will drastically narrow the ability of its speakers to think . All concepts which might be considered `` thoughcrime '' -LRB- i.e. ideas that might threaten the party -RRB- are destroyed by means of their removal from language-no words to describe them exist , and therefore the concepts can not be grasped . The outer party is the cornerstone of Ingsoc . Third , there are the `` proles , '' or proletariats . They make up the other 81 % of the population . The proles are more or less free to do as they please , considered to be harmless , and happy enough to live very simple lives in blissful ignorance.Winston Smith works for the Ministry of Truth , which ironically is in the business of fabricating intricate lies . Through the haze and stupor created by the psychological vice imposed upon him by the party , Winston occasionally has memories that the past was somehow better before the revolution that brought the party to power . Very early on in the book he has thoughts of escaping the watchful eyes of the thought police and living more freely . This eventually leads him to create a hiding place , and to fall in love with the secretly rebellious Julia . From here , Winston 's adventure as a member of the secret `` brotherhood '' begins.For the most part , I had a wonderful time reading this book . I had a lot of trouble putting it down at times . The detailed descriptions , deep ideological explanations and very powerful overall moods that Orwell creates not only make the story realistic , but makes you feel as if you are part of the story-you can feel the misery and quiet outrage under the party 's oppression . You can taste the freshness and novelty of the freedom when Winston and Julia hide in their apartment in the prole neighborhood . The ending is rather depressing and disappointing , but getting there is definitely a fun head trip . One final word of advice-don ' t pick this book up with the intention of only reading for a little while ... it 's quite impossible to do so .
 Does n't everybody have a list in their mind of the books they would like to read during their lifetime ? ' 1984 ' has been on my list for many years and , with a long commute , I finally decided to get the audiobook.Although I would still say it is necessary reading for all people , especially at this juncture I think Americans should pick up this book . When I read the slogans of Big Brother , I felt sick : War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is StrengthIn some ways , I feel like George Orwell from his 1948 perspective ` called it . ' So many of the scenarios that he described are right on . He wrote this book after Stalin took power in Russia . Orwell had rejoiced at the Bolshevik Revolutions but when the reports of Stalin 's brutality came out , he was upset.The first half of the book was great , but I have to warn you that the second half was extremely disturbing and depressing . I had a hard time listening -LRB- audiobook -RRB- to the last two cassettes . I did finish the book , but it was difficult.Even more than fifty years later , Orwell 's words still have the power to affect the reader . ' 1984 ' is a valuable work that rings true .
 Those last four words will make you CRINGE ! Of course , they mean NOTHING to you if you have n't read the book . This is by far the most depressing book I 've read . Stephen King 's Stand can eat its heart out . A very frightening portrayal of life without privacy . Microphones in parks , surveillance mechanisms in all restaurants . Betrayal , love , hate , etc. . I 've read this book once , but I do n't think I need to read it again , its effect was that powerful . A friend of mine also found this book depressing . Orwell does an outstanding narrative towards the end which contributes to the cringing part at the very end . I 've read this book quite a while ago but its fascinating how much I remember it . This book should n't be ignored . Read it once , at once .
 I have trouble believing you 're even looking at this page if you 're not planning on -LRB- or required to -RRB- read Orwell 's shocking and gut-wrenching classic , but if for some reason you are , and you have n't read this , you should.Among the most disturbing novels I 've read in my life , Orwell 's ' 1984 is a `` prophetic , nightmarish vision '' of the world which we might have found ourselves in had we not been vigilant in defending our personal rights . In this world , freedom of expression is a moot point , since freedom of thought has already been eliminated -- officials in a mysterious government organization known only as `` The Party '' have reduced the language of society to an abbreviated dialogue called Newspeak , which decimates the vocabulary of the people , and makes the communication , expression , or formation of many ideas impossible . Using tactics of artificial wars and group hate sessions to keep the public united , the Party has perfected this complete censorship of society to an art -- even the news is processed by the Party , allowing them to change the past , present , and future as needed with a few taps on the keyboard . Records are meaningless unless they come from Party hands , and Party members are free to revise records as needed.The nightmare that Orwell presents is a world in which there is no truth to be found , because there is no subjective view allowed to the individual.His vision is strengthened in impact by his particularly strong writing and descriptive style -- one particular scene focusing on mental torture -LRB- using rats ! -RRB- , and the use of fear as a persuasive mechanism , is among the most disturbing I have ever read , and will ever read . If I enjoyed this novel , it was only in the most morbid , shivering , appreciative sense , but I would n't have missed it for the world , all the same.This book , in my mind , far surpasses the supposedly comparable Brave New World .
 Please do n't think me arrogant , but I 've always thought of myself as a rather capable reviewer of the modern novel . I 've read just about every kind of book I can think of -LRB- Orwell to Hemingway-London to Stevenson-King to Koontz - and yes , even those trashy little pulp novels with stories of witches and heroes -RRB- and have enjoyed in some manner or another almost every one . But , fellow readers , if I was forced to choose a single book , just one to promote to those people eager to turn pages , it would be George Orwell 's classic story of Oceania . `` 1984 '' From its first paragraphs to the final four words , this book grabs the reader 's attention and just refuses to let go . Orwell 's story deals with a man named Winston , an employee at Oceania 's Ministry of Truth , who is responsible for the almost daily altering and destruction of historical documents and photographs in an effort to serve the political interests of a group known simply as `` the Party . '' With such activities as `` Hate Week '' and public slogans like `` War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength '' the forementioned party keeps to its philosophy of Totalitarianism with a firm and painful grip . And I wo n't forget to mention the leader of it all , a pseudo-religious figure named Big Brother who never fails to rid Oceania of its more troublesome citizens with the help of the infamous `` Thought Police , '' an elite and cruel gestapo-like police force charged with the task of making those citizens of Oceania brave or foolish enough to speak ill of `` the Party 's '' policies or even look unsatisfied at home -LRB- their is human as well as mechanical surveillance everywhere -RRB- disappear in a discrete and timely manner . `` 1984 '' seems more like a hint , a prediction if you will , of a future disturbingly possible -LRB- it was written in 1949 -RRB- . The book moves at a quick pace and even the most casual reader would have little trouble with the language . Do n't miss this one folks . It 's definitely worth the time .
 `` Freedom is the freedom to say two plus two is four . `` To say 1984 is an amazing and powerful novel is the understatement of the century . Never have I ever read a book so powerful and meaningful . 1984 is a book that transcends time because 1984 will always be pertinent . Orwell created a timeless tale about power , freedom , and social classes . No review I could ever write could do 1984 justice but I shall try .1984 is a dystopian novel complete with action , romance , and politics . I 'll be honest here . Normally I do n't read serious literature and I hate politics . Reading 1984 was me metaphorically `` putting on my big boy pants '' , it showed how my reading taste matured . Enough about me , this is a review not the Scott show!The plot moves at such a brisk pace and you 'll be glued to your seat . Even if you hate politics like my teenage self you will love 1984 . Orwell creates political situations that will allure even the most unwilling readers . There are few dull moments in 1984 , the majority of whom take place in `` the book '' . No 1984 review could ever be complete without mentioning Oceania . Oceania is the totalitarian society in which 1984 takes place and I know where I 'm not going on vacation . Oceania makes Panem look like a walk in the park and it is far more horrible than I expected . No sane person could go live there without going insane because it 's a living hell . Orwell really created the perfect hell-hole for his masterpiece and it 's mindblowing.I really loved how Orwell created his own language `` Newspeak '' for 1984 . Newspeak added an interesting feel to the novel because it further the novel 's themes and motifs . I really wonder if aficionados of 1984 speak Newspeak like trekkies speak Klingon and LOTR fans speak Elvish . Orwell definitely spent a lot of time coming up with Newspeak and I do appreciate his efforts .1984 is a haunting novel that once you read it , it will stay with you forever . I wo n't ever be able to forget the horrifying Part III because how powerful and moving it was . 1984 is a novel that will make you question yourself and society . The best kind of books make you think even after you finish and such is the case with Orwell 's masterpiece . The 3rd person narration instead of hindering the pacing , it enhances it by adding more emotional depth to the book .1984 is a novel that will give you new perspectives on people , society , and law . Is Ignorance really bliss ? Is lying okay if it 's for the greater good ? Is the needs of the many more important than the needs of the few ? I can tell why 1984 is considered classic literature and I hope it continues to be read for it 's important messages . Even if 1984 does n't seem like your thing , I 'd still recommend giving it a shot . 1984 has given me a reason to pick up Animal Farm and I hope I enjoy it as much as I enjoyed 1984 .
 Too much has been said about this novel to even try to be original in a review . I will underline that this is one of the most important books I have ever read . It taught me the value of freedom , its pricelessness in fact.The book is written very well , fluent prose and gripping plot , but that is not its main value . The value is its moral about democracy , which we may take for granted now but is to be nourished all the time . The book , of course , was written in the late forties , at the height of Stalinism , so it is obvious it refers to that scenario , at the peak of the Cold War . But too many people seem to forget the value of democracy today , in the information age.One could argue that Orwell was wrong about the state controlling people through technology , in fact internet has provided all of us with tremendous power of horizontal communication that governments have a hard time controlling . But the game is an ongoing one ... not yet over ! I think this book should be taught in schools .
 Winston Smith , the main character in `` 1984 , '' says that `` the best books are the ones that tell you what you already know . '' I had this very sensation as I read George Orwell 's classic novel . Orwell speaks with a prophetic tone from the year 1949 , with many of his comments on totalitarianism proving true during the Cold War and popping up under new guises in recent years . `` 1984 '' tells the story of Winston Smith , a man employed by Big Brother . His job is to correct and effectively erase bits of history that do n't line up with Big Brother , the Thought Police , and `` doublespeak . '' Through this regime , the masses are controlled on all fronts , emotionally , intellectually , physically , even spiritually and sexually . Orwell takes us into this colorless world a step at a time , leading up to the horrifying realities of what happens to those who oppose Big Brother . Along the way , he lets Winston find love with Julia , but even they recognize that their love can not be pure . He lets the two of them expand their revolutionary wings . And he lets them face the consequences.Orwell does n't tell a tight , fast-paced story , at least not by modern standards . He is more interested in communicating ideas . But he does allow us to care for his characters . He gives us just enough time to connect with them , even though they themselves are already disconnected on many levels . They join the Brotherhood , a resistance movement , and in doing so get their hands on a book detailing the realities of Big Brother . Although `` 1984 '' is a rambling , sometimes loosely cobbled story , it is a fascinating manifesto on the dangers of governmental control and the age-old struggle of the High , the Middle , and the Low . It 's amazing of accurate some of Orwell 's observations still prove to be , but as Big Brother 's slogan goes
 I read this book in high school and thought it was okay . I decided to read it again as an adult and see what I thought of it -LRB- something about going back and reading the classics -RRB- . Turns out that I liked it more as an adult but found the story to fall short . At the end you ca n't tell if the main character was tortured , turned or just dreaming . I felt like the first half was really slow , the middle was FANTASTIC and the last bit was just over before I could get my mind around what had happened . I really wish that it could have ended differently . Still worth reading through.The story is about the year 1984 and the hell in which people live in . Countries are always at war , but whom they are fighting keeps changing . Things that Big Brother does n't like are just erased . Whole histories , whole stories , are whipped as if they never were . People live in hunger and fear of Big Brother .
 George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is depressing . Very depressing . It is also a breathtakingly awesome work , and just as spellbinding some 60 years after it was first published . Despite the heavy subject matter , it 's suprisingly easy to read . It is one of the truly essential classics of modern literature.Winston Smith , Orwell 's protagonist , was probably the first `` conspiracy theorist . '' He knows Big Brother and the system are wrong , but is powerless to fight alone . When he breaks the taboo against writing , and states in his forbidden journal , `` I know who , I know how , but I do n't know why , '' he is speaking for generations of whistleblowers and conspiracy theorists to come.So many common expressions were derived from `` 1984 ''
 Orwell was prescient . `` 1984 '' might not have happened totally by 1984 , but it crept up on us over time . And it 's still happening .
 It is truly amazing to look at the fantastic writing minds of our grandparents ' time . Post-WWII fever hung over the population and many were clueless , or even fearful for not knowing what lie before them . And , unlike many , George Orwell was a man who was not afraid to show what he interpreted as a possible future for not only our country , but the entire world.In his novel , 1984 , Orwell crafted a post-apocalyptic world in which the planet 's powers had been divided into three portions ; Oceania , which consisted of the Americas , Eurasia , comprised continental Europe and northern Asia , and Eastasia , which , as its title implies , covered most of the eastern Asian continent.The story follows the life of a middle aged man named Winston Smith , another Drone of Eurasia 's Main power , The conspicuous Party , whose god-like leader and people-worshiped Big Brother , control everyday life.Except for the homes the proles , who are sort of like peasants , every room is garmented with a Telescreen , a sort of T.V. which can never be turned off or muted . Unfortunately , it can also see and hear everything going on in the room.Most standard crime has been wiped out due to massive military force , and so the party , in its never ending search for power , falls upon people with psychic powers to detect felonous thoughts in people . These psychics are known as the thought police , and constantly track down and `` delete '' people who are convicted of crimethink -LRB- a word from Eurasia 's new national language , called Newspeak -RRB- . Our `` hero '' , Winston 's job is to help the party erase any evidence of their saying or doing anything wrong , to control their people 's minds andopinions of the party . Ultimately , they are `` Censoring the past '' . One day the country could be at war with Eastasia , the next , Eurasia , and the entire populace would accept that they had always been at war with Eurasia , and any thoughts otherwise was crimethink.Winston , unhappy with this life and detesting the party , secretly purchases a pen and diary , the use of both have been outlawed for some time . This is simply the beginning in a long string of rebellion , love , and unanswered questions that keep this book in your mind whenever you are not reading it.This is one of the most fantastic sci-fi novel experiences I have ever had , and while particular sections of the book can drag on for far too long , the character depth and plot more than makes up for it . Anyone who wishes to deny this book as a classic great has not the brains to understand it , and therefore can not accurately judge its prowess .
 This is one of the few books I think everyone should read at one point or another of their life . I read this book about 7 years back and I think it does an amazing job of narrating the harrowing experience of people under an oppressive regime .
 1984 was a book forshaddows totalitarianistic view points , and how in the future the world was going to be like a totalitarian government . This is scary for most people because thier natural rights are being taken away , with out them even noticing it .
 Orwell 's futuristic 1984 was a pleasure to read . The detailed symbolism of the antique paper weight crashing onto floor as policemen bombarded in to arrest Winston and Julia . The paper weight symbolizes the end of Winston and Julia 's private and secure existence , which allow them to be safe with each other . They found refuge in the small apartment where they could be themselves without `` Big Brother '' watching their every move , it 's ironic the government was still able to scrutinize every moment of their lives . I enjoyed reading this novel . I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Orwell .
 This was the most amazing book I have ever read . It somehow put everything I feared , and knew into words . I think Orwell is one of the greatest writers of all time . His prophetic look made me shudder and parts of the book made brought me to the point of tears . The words echo `` Who controls The past , Controls the Future , Who Controls the Present , Controls the Past . '' Being a 9th grader and hating , and analyzing school I see this is prevelant . And to soccer girl or whoever gave this 1 star , that is merely beacuse you do n't have the intellect to understand the political implications offered . Sorry , but it 's true .
 Mr. Orwell or should i say Mr. Blair , Orwell was a pen name , tells one of the best stories you will ever read . This book from beginning to end is a true page turner . I could not put the book down . Every chance i got to read some of it i did . I actually gave up an extra hour of sleep to read some more . Winston , Julia , O'Brien they 're all great characters that sprung from Orwell 's mind . The mind that was almost prophetic in its predictions of the future . He may have been off by his date -LRB- 1984 -RRB- but he is correct in his predictions . That is if we do not stop it from happening . Well all i will say is that if you have not read this book yet do so . You will not regret it i promise you .
 George Orwell , In his book 1984 , Creates a world in which the past is determined by the present . Where though itself is no longer free , and where thought-crime is death . Orwell present us his horrific vision of the future through the thoughts and actions of Winston , a member of the outer party who is about to realise `` BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU '' - an apsolute classic . If you hav n't read it , you havent seen the future
 1984 is one of the best books of the twentieth century . Some readers might simply view it as an expose of Soviet inhumanity , it goes much deeper , even though there are examples of totalitarianist torture . A reader might be surprised that the United States is included in Oceana . In an nutshell , Orwell intended to show us what our responses to Communism would be . The reason Big Brother is Watching You is because of self-preservation . If things had not changed , we would have become totalitarianist countries , too .
 This book is not nice , and it is n't meant to be . But it 's impressive , very impressive . And horrible , it 's the only book that has ever frightened me . It 's not a book you can read lightly . Still , 1984 is a brilliant book - one of the best books ever written . But beware
 When I was a kid I read 1984 , it changed the way I view everything , I can see that we are starting to look like the guys in the book did , the theme is now a classic , I can only say I like it very much
 I read this book for a Utopian Lit class at my high school and thought that it represented the totalitarian views very well . I did not like how Winston gave in after fighting so hard to try to make changes . I can see that this world is entirely possible in the not-so-distant future . The way that their society is set up , there is no way to change it . The telescreens , are already in use in terms of security cameras , hidden cameras , etc. . It is really easy to find out anything about anybody today . This is quite scary .
 It 's eerie how much of Orwell 's paranoia is actually infiltrating our country on a micro level today . This book , although a work of fiction , did n't seem that far fetched , given the current state of affairs . 1984 is a well written book that I barely managed to put down after I began reading it . I highly recommend it !
 This book was excellant and scary as hell when your reading it and realize that a lot of things that are in it are happening in our country today . Most people , myself included , who hear about this classic do n't realize that there 's a tragic love story wrapped inside of the haunting world of Orwell 's 1984 that helps drive home the authors anti-utopian message . Also , the realism of the book seems almost three-dimensional casting a crystal clear picture of the nightmarish world of 1984 where Big Brother is always watching you - not just what you say or do but , what your thinking . Scarier than anything Stephen King ever wrote - and more realistic .
 Every happy little socialist should read this book ! Orwell takes socialism of his day to the extreme , but today his veiw is not too far away . What 's the differance between Hillary Clinton and Big Brother ? The mustache . -- This book is an amazing picture of mankind and a warning to all the people who want to steal the freedom from the individual -LRB- socialist -RRB- .
 1984 is not merely a warning against the possible less-than-ideal communist world . It is rather a combination of denigrations against most of the common held social , political , and religious beliefs . Socialism , fascism , communism , Christianity , Zenism , and many other beliefs beyond the tether of my knowledge . All these harsh criticisms are made clear in the chapter about THE BOOK and part 3 of the whole novel . The denounciation against Christianity , for example , can be clearly seen in the later section of the book , when Winston is being tortured in Miniluv by O'Brien . The purging of the old self through repentance and a renewal of the mind and emotions , which are the ways to get in God 's kingdom , are also the cores of the lessons given by O'Brien to get Winston to become a part of the Party . O'Brien also mentioned that one can not change by himself , by can with the help of the Party , or in Christianity , Jesus . These clear remarks relating to Christianity , as well as to other beliefs , are implicit throughout the novel . At the end , a conclusion is made , only democracy works . But this is not why I did n't give it a five star , the reason is that descriptions of Oceania are too awkward and peculiar . First above all , proles are still humans , sooner or later they are going to revolve against a totalitarian government . The wave of human development will break all the hinderance and thrush on ; it is never possible to stop history at a moment . Also the theories of doublethink would never be practiced , how is it possible for one to be self-contradictory to a degree the he or she can both believe and not believe simultaneously ? It is mentally incapable for humans . If it is possible , then doublethink can easily turn against the Party and against itself . These pedantic political ideas are fun to play with , but can never practically practiced .
 When it was written in 1948 , Before the Cold War , Communism was a popular idea in England . Orwell , who favored Trotsky over Stalin , faught in the Spanish Civil War and fled for his live because of Stalins rise to power . Orwell considered himself a Socialist , but he warns of socialism to the extreme . This book is a testament to mankind 's willingness to forget the past .
 I thought it was going to be a cheesy nostradomus-type thing , but it turned out to be a book about the rebellious nature of the human mind , as well as a testament to the number of those who do not understand those things going on around them -LRB- the proles -RRB- . I 've read it four times , and it never loses its impact .
 When I first read 1984 I thought most of the stuff in it was absurd ; the thought police , the cameras in each and every street corner and house . But as I read on , I found out that Orwell was using these as instruments to convey a much deeper message about what would become of society , and this message itself about a world that is thought controlled with no tolerance for deviation was much more important than what I considered their more absurd concepts such as the thought police . I really would suggest most people to read this book ; the main protaganists Winston and Julia lead a rebellion against an unjust society that I am sure you all will find in your hearts very compelling .
 Enter a world where there is no past . Where the past is the present . Follow Winston as he thinks THOUGHT - CRIME , works on fake documents , and plots to shut down the system . Big Brother 's eyes follow Winston Everywhere he goes . If you want to see wether Winston accomplishes his mission , you must read the book . After you read this book go check out the 1984 Movie . But do n't see the Movie unless you 've read the book or else you will have no idea what is going on in the movie .
 This book is amazing . The author manages to make you believe in this terrifying futuristic setting while at the same time makes each character real and very human . His explanations of this horrific society make them seem far too real . Even the ending , though not what you would want , you must grudgingly admit is realistic . Once you enter 1984 you will always see 1999 differently
 Even more scary when you realize that Orwell is not just talking about the potential of a totalitarian regime
 Mindlessly mechanical , very few things move her emotionally . `` Things will be all right for future generations , '' she tells my father . She has no need for family history , her own or mine . She fears creativity until recently . My mother , a misanthrope who grew up under communist China 's educational system , even after residing in the States for more than twenty-five years , can not seem to snap out of her past `` education '' by the communists . In my memory , she seems to hold little joy in her life . What a novel 1984 is ; it sheds light on my questions
 This book really gets you thinking . People should not call this book a fear of communism , it is based in fear of fascism . Orwell also wrote Animal Farm which was more a critique of communism . Anyway , the book is about a guy named Winston Smith who is in 1984 . There are only 3 world super powers who are continuously at war with each other . The government rules the people and controls their minds by creating extreme hatred and fear . Any thoughts differing from the party is a crime and even facial expressions that are too suspicious could mean you disappear . I think everyone knows the basis of the book but the story line was not all what I thought it would be . There was a love-story . The love-story struck me as somewhat reminiscent of classic romanticism - a perfect private love which its test is to survive the outside world and in this case Big Brother . You 'll have to see how the love-story turns out . A sign of a good book for me is one that is still bothering me days later and this one will probably bother me for years to come . The book does n't have too much action but rather is written for each piece and idea presented to be thought-provoking . I highly recommend reading this book .
 Orwell 's 1984 seems to grow increasingly relevant with every passing year .1984 tells the story of Winston Smith , who 's job is `` correcting '' historical documents and removing words from the dictionary . He is a drone in the machine that is the Party , the ruling power of Oceania . Every thought , movement , and gesture is watched through telescreens by a policing force called the Thought Police . Big Brother , the figurehead of the Party , is revered and loved , and any thought otherwise is punishable by death.Whatever trace of humanity that lies in Winston causes him to seek answers , question his reality , and pursue a forbidden realtionship with a woman named Julia , all which lead to a frightful and thought provoking end.This book should be a staple in every person 's library . Orwell 's satire has withstood the test of time , and has inspired a countless number of books and films . A classic in every sense .
 Simply put , 1984 is a masterpiece of satire . It 's philosophical , well-written , layered and its message resonates long after reading it . The plot you probably know already but just in case , the modern day world has descended into a totalitarian state , ruled by a near-deified leader named Big Brother . The citizens of this nation live in complete submission to this dictatorship , where even an errant thought can mean torture and death.The issues explored in this text range from love and companionship to more far-reaching questions such as the true needs and desires of humanity . What do we crave more
 This book is great - but it 's not like today - thank god - and maybe because it was read , accepted and things were altered around that kind of future - I have to say to grasp such inventive thought for the 1940 's this book is worth the marvel of that alone - it deserves the term classic - I have to mention the book Utopian Reality - now that 's a story where I would want at least half of it to come true - Reading 1984 and seeing how it must have been far fetched for it 's time - it has given me some faith that maybe Utopian Reality is onto something - Read this and Utopian Reality - if you have n't read it yet.-It 'll leave you amazed --
 Orwell 's 1984 is one of the true masterpieces of the 20th century . It presents a dark world where all individuality suffers under the reign of Big Brother . Orwell had a prophetic gift for seeing how the truth suffers from power , and how everything , including language , is cynically manipulated to suit an agenda . In an age of brutal tyrants , ceaseless propaganda , shameless spin control , revisionary legacy tours , and mass media news cycles , this novel deserves new review . A profound book , and a must read .
 Step into a time not too far into the future-a time of hatred , lies , pain , conformity , and secrets . Let this new and horrifying reality encompass and draw in your imagination . This is no ordinary story . There are no heroes , no friends , or family . Only power , enemies , and fading hope exist . War is a continuous part of life . It never ends and never changes . The past can , even , be changed or erased . They call it a perfect world . `` It 's never been this good , '' they say . No one objects . No one ever rebels , or at least , those that do are never heard of again . They just disappear . They are wiped out of existence and forgotten . Do n't dare think of rebellion , for eyes and ears are always watching and listening . They are waiting for you to make a mistake and give yourself away . The smallest blink of an eye or twitch of a muscle could make you a suspect of a thought crime . Yet , there are rumors of a group of rebels that still fight back . Is it only false hope , or do they really exist ? There is no way of knowing . No one can be certain of anything here . Just do and believe what you are told . It is the only way to stay alive.This depiction of the future is revealed in George Orwell 's shocking novel , 1984 . The book is about an ordinary man named Winston Smith who is lost in the twisted world in which he lives . Nothing is extraordinary about him . He follows the rules and never questions his instructions . Yet , something inside him begins to stir . Deep within the hollows of his mind , it awakes . It haunts his every move , thought , and dream . The yearnings become too much for him , and he can no longer ignore them . Determination , soon , overcomes fear , and he decides to pursue the insane desires . However , one can not forget that there are always sacrifices to be made in return for decisions . The question is whether or not you are willing to make them . This is what Winston must face . Will he discover what is calling him , or will he turn away in fear ? Will he return to the conformity , hatred , and lies of the world ? Well , that is for you to discover.Orwell 's amazing novel is thought-provoking and terrifying . This book is definitely worth your time . From the very first word to the very last words of the book , your imagination is captured and inspired . Powerful imagery and symbols give unmistakable meaning to the story . The effects of this book still stay with you long after the book is read . If the chance is ever given , take the opportunity to get lost in Orwell 's breathtaking novel .
 Big Brother sees everything you do . Nothing you do is private . You must live according to how Big Brother sees fit for you to live . Anyone with even a hint of rebellion or disobedience disappears . Everything is carefully rationed . Information is carefully distributed . That information can also be changed if it needs to be . Everything is secretive . Nobody really knows what is going on in Oceania , except those in the `` Inner Circle '' , but do they even know?Winston Smith is living in this time . He vaguely remembers a time before this , but goes on with the present world just the same . His monotonous life of work for `` the Party '' is changed when two unlikely events occur . He buys a forbidden diary , and he falls in love . His life soon spirals out of his control at the hands of Big Brother , and he soon discovers what it is all about.This book was required reading for English class . I started it with slight optimism based on what I heard it was about . I also was anticipating a less than pleasing novel , since we previously read Lord of the Flies and Catcher in the Rye , both of which I was very displeased . My doubts soon disappeared , as I became mesmerized with George Orwell 's novel . It was so wonderfully written that I could barely take my eyes off of it -LRB- much to the annoyance of several of my teachers -RRB- . Even though I had to reread the last page a few times , the message therein was powerful . This book is definitely one of my favorites that I have read in school , and maybe my life . Please read it if you ever get the chance !
 This is one of the best written books I have had the opportunity to read . Those of you who gave it a 1 are ignorant . And dont worry Sheri , he wont be writting anymore books seeing as how he has been dead for a while now . Before you criticize the writing of a wonderful author please learn how to spell correctly .1984 is a wonderful trip into the human mind and it shows how those of us in charge can and will do anything to remain in charge . It is a very good follow-up to Animal Farm . They both describe power hungry and greedy people can go to extreme measures to keep that power.Those who said the government would never end up like this are fooling yourself . The future could very easily end up like this . With the formation of the `` Homeland Security '' it is becoming even more likely that this may well be the future of the world . -LRB- Of course thank goodness 1984 wasnt really like that -RRB-
 1984 was not a book , it was an experience . Possibly one of the most thought provoking and intriguing books I have ever read , 1984 tells a tale of a `` future '' as Orwell envisioned it in 1949 . Although 1984 is long gone , Orwell 's tale is still as haunting as ever . It tells of a totalitarian society , where Big Brother is constantly watching every single move Party members make through a device called a telescreen , and it is a crime to even THINK a thought that is anti-party . The party controls everything . If a person were to so much as LOOK discontented with a party decision , they would be tortured until they loved big brother.Which brings us to Winston , the main character in the book . He is quite obviously discontented with the party . He takes many risks , such as getting involved in a love affair , writing a diary where he recorded `` Down with big brother '' , and getting involved with an underground brotherhood . However , he does this in such a blatant way , that he is almost setting himself up to be caught . He yearns to be killed for his political heresy . Which makes the ending all the more ironic.This book is truly one of the most interesting reads . Orwell 's novel is very rightly called a classic . This timeless masterpiece will always serve as a warning to the dangers of a totalitarian state , and if not that , just to the upholding of the importance of free thought and speech .
 Now I know why is has become a classic . I can see shades of double speak and everyone knows but do n't say it out loud in public or institutions because someone may be offended . We must be politically correct . Wow !!
 Scary how almost real this could be in the very near future . It is a clear depiction of how our politician 's overzealous control is beginning to run our lives .
 `` Freedom is the freedom to say that 2 +2 = 4 . '' Winston Smith in Gorge Orwell 's 1984 is forced to accept anything the Party of Oceana tells him , not only must he accept it but he also must believe it . If they say that 2 +2 = 5 then he must believe it even knowing it is not true , this action of forced acceptance is called doublethink - the idea that you can hold two seemingly apposing concepts and accept both as true.Winston does not truly believe The Party and begins to work against it under the radar even while knowing he is bound to fail . As the story progresses he befriends a young woman named Julia and together they attempt to do the party harm through their own mini rebellion.Winston and Julia are believable though not lovable . I do n't think Orwell wanted them to be lovable so he could emphasize how The Party sucked the humanness and lovability out of its subjects.The story was incredibly well written . It was simple to understand , even though Winston and Julia 's situation was far from simple.This would be a good book for anyone from fourteen up . This was a great book that deserves it many awards . * This review is written by my son - 14 years old
 George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is the greatest political novel of the Twentieth Century . Period.No other political novel in the last one hundred years has come close to having the impact and insights of this novel . The book introduced terms into the language that are still current usage , primarily the term `` Big Brother '' and the phrase `` Big Brother is watching you . `` Orwell 's description of the deliberate corruption of language by the Inner Party in his nightmare world , the concept that the shrinkage of language could be deliberately used to narrow the range of human thought , is reflected in today 's stunted and idiotic American political discourse.The use of language by an all-powerful government to hide the truth and create a false reality in the world of 1984 resonates today in the use of terms designed not to illuminate , but obscure . Atomic bombs are `` special weapons , '' civilians killed in air strikes are `` collateral damage , '' and illegal invasions of other nations are `` preventive interventions . `` But it is not just the insights Orwell had on the misuse of language , the abuse of surveillance technology -LRB- technology available today which he would have been scarcely able to imagine -RRB- , and the power games of the great Twentieth Century superpowers -LRB- e.g. , the `` China card '' played by the United States as between the Soviets and the Chinese -RRB- , it is the sheer personalized terror of the dystopian world he created which gives his book power.As a personal note , I first read this novel when I was seventeen years old , a senior in high school , and I was shaken to my core by Orwell 's frightenting vision . I have reread the book every three years , because I can always find another insight in it that applies to the current world.There are other great political novels of the Twentieth Century , for example , I would rank Arthur Koestler 's `` Darkness at Noon '' as very close to -LRB- and in some ways similiar to -RRB- Orwell 's great work . But no other political novel of the Twentieth Century has come anywhere near the insight , the impact , and the influence of the novel which Orwell first titled `` The Last Man in Europe . ''
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston Smith
 If you have n't read this superb novel you should , if you already have , you should read it again . There is much prescience in this book and in many ways it 's more poignant today , than it was when it 's first edition was immediately censored upon publication in 1949 . Orwell writes with nourishing intensity rarely ever seen in other writers and his sentences are pregnant with meaning and depth . Orwell creates a believable dystopian world with pervasive micro video cameras and giant flat screen tv 's that reminds us of the post 9-11 world we live in today , where there is little privacy and extensive spying on the citizenry by the government .
 Along withAnimal Farm , 1984 is probably George Orwell 's best known work -LRB- although his essays deserve a wide readership and in my view represent some of his best writing -RRB- and , both being satires of totalitarianism , said much about the state of the world and intellectual climate of the 1940 's . If the testimony of readers subject to totalitarian regimes -LRB- in particular Eastern European communist regimes -RRB- is any guide , 1984 does a superlative job of illustrating the mental atmosphere of daily life in such a state . Perhaps a far greater insight , however , is Orwell 's description of an Inner Party that is obsessed by enforcing orthodoxy in not only word and deed , but thought - to the extent that the individuals ' ability for critical , independent thought -LRB- even if never openly expressed -RRB- is extinguished . Not only is this the tendency of most modern-day despotism -LRB- whether theological , ideological or an even less sophisticated ethnic/racial nationalism -RRB- , but the tendency to declare unpalatable opinions ` thoughtcrime ' is one that even those of us with more benign worldviews must be on guard against.In itself , the story of ' 1984 ' is n't particularly remarkable , but the oppressive atmosphere it creates together with the warning it provides for modern day readers who may occasionally fail to recognise just how important freedom of thought really is makes it absolutely invaluable in understanding the history and politics of the last hundred years . Recommended in the strongest possible terms .
 1984 is a haunting political satire about Big Brother 's relentless assault on privacy , individuality and freedom.One can only hope 1984 is more brilliant story than cautionary tale because parallels seem so easily drawn with our warrantless searches , ubiquitous cameras , invasive software , workplace surveillance and legislation that erodes the rights of citizens in the name of fighting terrorism.Yet it is the relationship that develops between Winston , a cautious but hopeful thinking man , and Julia , a young seemingly committed Party member , that adds incredible humanity to otherwise empty , cheerless lives in Oceania . Theirs is a relationship that surprisingly springs amid bleakness and desolation , flowers against all odds , and ultimately wilts under betrayal.Readers will discover that Orwell 's objectives are both thoroughly and terrifyingly achieved with a perfectly dystopian ending .
 I recomend this book to anybody . A warning that must not be ignored
 This book is one of the markers of it 's time . It is amazingly horrifying in it 's portrayl of our future . There is so much to be learned and feared from this book that it can give you nightmares . This is one of the best books I have ever read and chewed on in discussion . The ideas and theories - the concept of `` Big Brother '' definitely gives me the feeling that this is what a Nazi rule would have been like .
 George Orwell 's graphic depiction of how he views the future is pulled tightly into the bindings of 1984 . He is prebiased due to a short affiliation with Communism and the aftermath throws him into a world of pessimism . 1984 allows you to look into the mind of a pessimist . Many feel the book is also a large mockery of revolution . This book is great to anyone interested in Communism , or just a good book . Also good books by Orwell are Homage to Catalonia , Animal Farm , and the Road to Wigan Pier .
 1984 by George Orwell is a captivating book about what could happen if a government was given too much power . What makes the story all the more interesting is the fact that it is not impossible for such a government to grow in a society that would let it . The story of Winston Smith is just the background for a chilling description of a dictatorship gone too far . The relationship between Winston and Julia tries to show that human nature does not allow a person to love someone else more than themselves . The book overall shows that all the faults we have now can someday turn us into the society in 1984 .
 Among the vast titles in the dystopia genre , 1984 stands out as one of the most exceptional . In an amazing combination of followable story line and wonderfully hideous prediction of the future -LRB- well , technically , the past -RRB- , George Orwell created an important commentary on the state of human nature now , and what it has the ability to become . Right from the beginning , one dives into the London of Winston Smith , and follows his daily drudgery . Through his experiences and thoughts , the reader is sucked into the individual 's fight for individuality in the face of the most extreme facist oppression . Throught systems of constant war , thought control , and the censorship and redefinitions of history , the illusive Big Brother is able to control what people hear , see , and think . The world created in 1984 can chill your soul , but the struggle of Winston Smith will reaffirm your belief in humanity .
 I loved this book , and could n't put it down . It should be required reading if it is not already . What I find so intriguing is how did Orwell have such vision ? I know writers have unequalled ability but to me Orwell 's abilities were almost shocking ! He was a definitely a man out of time , I have to say . I 'm reading another great book now . I picked up Mind Bomb by John Mayer at Xlibris.com , and it 's making me lose sleep as well . Thanks Phoebe37@aol.com for recommending it in your review . I am now getting another whiff of World O -LSB- dor -RSB- :--RRB- -- Henry
 George Orwell is a master of prose and 1984 is quite possilby the most real , eye-opening book that has ever been put on paper . Even today , 60 years later , it is still frighteningly true-to-life .
 On a rainy night in Dublin , I stayed awake until dawn to finish 1984 . I slept late and awoke yelling about the Thought Police being after me until i adjusted . I knew that it would always be one of my favorites of all time after that morning . 1984 is far more relevant now than ever before because of globalization and admitted lies from the government , and i 'm not talking about our president . What i am saying is , if our government will deny us information and tell us about cover-ups and mistakes 40 , 50 years after the fact , then who knows what 's truth or lies now ? Maybe our founding fathers should have made a `` Freedom of Knowledge '' amendment instead of the right to be a gun-toting maniac . If criticism is not constant , 1984 may be 2084 .
 1984 is a great book . It really makes you think . thee plot is a very interesting one about a dictator ruining everything , but the scary part is they have so much power you ca n't say anything against their party . This book is very good for those epeople who like to really think about things and take them deep . I would not recommend this title for action fiends .
 Orwell pulls no punches in this book . There are no sacred cows - love , family , solitude , language , fratenity - none are immune to Big Brother 's control over the population of Oceania . In the gut wrenching end you are left with one sweat memory , that two people were able to steal a few moments of happiness from their enslavors ; and one vague hope , that if the government wo n't tolerate the grummblings of one middle class nobody , maybe it is because one person can make a differance .
 In 1948 , on the island of Jura in Scotland , a middle-aged and gravely tubercular man pen-named George Orwell -LRB- real name Eric Arthur Blair -RRB- , began writing his sixth novel . Orwell , an extremely influential journalist and author who was known for his adroit ability to craft with the English language , his strong opinions on political issues such as totalitarianism , and his satirical novella Animal Farm -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , sent the final copy of his sixth and final novel to his publisher on 4 December 1948 . On 8 June 1949 , the novel hit the shelves of bookstores , bearing the name Nineteen Eighty-Four . Seven months after his book was released , on 28 January 1950 , Orwell passed away because of complications with tuberculosis . Over 60 years later , people still enjoy this grim , enigmatic tale of a futuristic society gone horribly wrong . The edition I am reviewing is a 328 - page reprint by Signet Classics , complete with the story , an appendix with the principles of Newspeak , and an afterword by Erich Fromm.In the futuristic super-state Oceania , which consists mainly of the Americas , the Atlantic islands , Australia , and the southern portion of Africa , the story takes place in what used to be called Britain , but is now known as `` Airstrip One '' . One could infer from the title that the story takes place in the year 1984 -LRB- although the government 's falsification of history has created some uncertainty regarding what year the story really takes place in -RRB- . Oceania itself is governed by a three-tiered totalitarian party , separated into an Inner Party , an Outer Party , and a large proletariat population , all of which are led by a mysterious dictator named Big Brother . Winston Smith , a member of the Outer Party who works in one of the ministries of the Party , takes the main role in this story . Because he possesses a mind unlike many of those within the Party , a mind full of resistance and hate towards the Party , Winston regularly does things that would be considered a crime in Oceanic society , a society in which the truth is censored , the actions of people are closely monitored , the thoughts of people are controlled and altered , and peoples ' individuality has been removed.At the opening of this story , we find that Winston works in the Ministry of Truth , a large governing ministry which is responsible for rewriting historical documents and media and changing facts to fit Party doctrine and make it seem like the Party is absolute and never wrong , in essence turning most news media , and even some books and some forms of art , into propagandist media -LRB- and also turning the name of the ministry into a lie -RRB- . Normal Party members are oblivious to falsification because their minds have been trained to simultaneously accept two contradicting beliefs as correct -LRB- this is referred to in the story as doublethink -RRB- . However , Winston is different . He begins to see through the party , their abuse of power , their lies , and their hate , and because of this , he seeks psychological freedom.Winston seems to recall a time in his life when things were much better . However , he does n't quite remember when that time was , or what it was really like . This mere feeling causes Winston to ponder whether or not there was a time before his where life was much better ; a time without perpetual war , political unrest , or harsh living conditions . Because of this , he seeks a way to bring down Big Brother and the Party . He finds hope in rumors of an underground organization known as the Brotherhood , created for the purpose of overthrowing the party . He also finds hope in the proles , theorizing that with the size of their population , if they realized that their life could be much , much better -LRB- though how can you do that when this is how you have lived since the day you were born ? -RRB- , they might band together and overthrow the party.He also finds hope in a fellow employee , Julia , who Winston at first believes is an agent of the Thought Police . However , an encounter at work changes his mind when she reveals to him that she loves him . They begin an affair , rendezvousing in remote locations to make love ; not just because of love , but also for rebellion against the Party . They then make a home in an antique shop in a proletarian quarter of Airstrip One . Another fellow employee of Winston 's , O'Brien , displays discontent for the party as well , and upon Winston and Julia meeting with him in his flat , he reveals that the Brotherhood really does exist , and he allows Winston and Julia to be a part of it , so long as they understand that the change they desire will not happen in their lifetime.Winston had finally found paradise in a collectivist hell . Not only that , but he had also become part of the force that was going to bring down the Party ! He knew he had people on his side ! Although this seemed very , very promising , this proved to be nothing but a lie . Winston receives a book from O'Brien regarding oligarchical collectivism that was written by Emmanuel Goldstein , a co-founder of the Party who ended up betraying it and , because of this , becoming the primary object of hate in Oceania . Shortly after this , Winston and Julia are betrayed by the owner of the antique store they lived in , who turns out to be an agent of the Thought Police . Shortly after this , they are both taken away to the Ministry of Love.During his captivity in the Ministry of Love , Winston is beaten , abused , neglected and periodically interrogated by members of the Inner Party -LRB- his treatment being indicative of yet another misnomer of a ministry that specializes in interrogation through torture -RRB- . O'Brien , who revealed himself to be a member of the Inner Party , interrogates Winston several times , and at one point reveals to him that the Party wants more than just confessions from people who are considered `` thoughtcriminals '' . The Party needs to be certain of every citizen 's love for Big Brother and the Party because they simply want every citizen to believe in Big Brother and the Party . They do n't want to exterminate those who do not believe . Rather , they want to go to the fullest extent to force them to believe . With this as their motive , what will happen to Winston ? Will he continue to resist the Party ? Will he end up just like every other brainwashed , orthodox citizen of Oceania ? The conclusion of this story reveals all of this and more . What O'Brien revealed to Winston shows that in a totalitarian regime the top priority of the party is to control everything they can possibly control . Even your own mind . This book clearly illustrates for the reader the dangers of totalitarianism and how this political system dramatically affects the quality of life for the citizens held within it.Late teens to adults of any age who have strong opinions on political issues or enjoy dystopic fiction or social science fiction will enjoy this book . However , people who are sensitive to sexual content or violence might not like certain aspects of this story , because there are points where topics like this are either hinted at , or sometimes even elaborated upon . Also , a recommended prerequisite to this book is to possess a rather advanced vocabulary , that is to say that if your reading level is n't quite at the college level , then you may have some difficulty getting through this book . I enjoyed this book . I actually enjoyed it a lot . The ending , however , I did not exactly enjoy because this book did not end the way I wanted it to or the way I thought it would . However , by no means does the ending negate the book 's appeal ; the book is sure to be a great choice for anyone who enjoys complex characters , an enigmatic storyline , and outstanding , elegant usage of the English language .
 1984 by George Orwell is a dystopian novel about the totalitarian regime of the Party , it 's the story of Winston Smith and his intellectual rebellion of the Party , and consequent captivity , torture , and re-education . The Party and Big Brother totally control the people by psychological manipulation to dictate thoughts and actions.Imagine a world where you are being constantly watched and you do n't know it , and a common enemy is used as the object of fear and hatred for the party - a means of controlling the population of course . Imagine a world where the party wishes to have all human desire disappear , sex is a grotesque act committed only for two reasons ; reproduction and duty to the Party . To desire anything was a thoughtcrime , you should only want Big Brother 's love and acceptance , as O'Brien says , `` There will be no loyalty , except loyalty to the Party . `` You believe everything the Party says , it is always correct . They have lost the ability of independent thought , and memories are lost and never were . A new language is created `` Newspeak , '' essentially the destruction of words . So thoughtcrime against the Party is impossible because there are no words that can correctly express emotions.So , `` freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four '' and this freedom is never granted . Two plus Two is anything the Party wants it to be , and `` war is peace '' because war is used as a tool to control the people.The novel takes the reader to a world that is so scary and vivid and almost possibly like ours . ' It 's a masterpiece and Orwell will take you to a world that will shake you because it is almost like our own , but thankfully and hopefully will never get as bad . Orwell tells you how important freedom really is , and that you might not even notice that you do n't have it , and that two plus tw0 should always equal four or somethings not right .
 I got this for my husband for Christmas . I do n't even know it was his favorite book . I was excited to know that after 25 years .
 The best reviews here have already covered it . It 's a great quality book for the price , easily readable , and of course it 's an amazing story you do n't want to miss.Get this book , read it , love it , then buy a more expensive model of it for the bookshelf.And remember , Big Brother is watching !!! This could easily all happen to us !
 Bottom-Line
 This is another must-read dystopia . I do n't recommend it for children , however . It is quite frightening for anyone with an imagination . Avoid the Ministry of Love whatever you do ! This book warns against the manipulation of people through twisting meaning truth = deception ; love = destruction . Evil remains evil no matter what it is called , but evil is most dangerous when re-named .
 It 's a classic for a reason . Too bad nobody really ever learns from this book or we 'd not be electing the leeches we do .
 1984 is a dystopia novel written by George Orwell , pseudonym of Englishman Eric Blair , that opens up with the narrative ruminations of a man named Winston Smith . Winston Smith is just another face . Not particularly good looking or smart , Smith is meant to portray an average dissatisfied Englishman -LRB- or Oceanian according to the book -RRB- in Britain circa 1984 . Circa 1984 , because Smith is not certain of the date -LRB- probably right within a year or two -RRB- and , though it is never clearly stated , it is inferred that this is also the work of the nefarious `` Party '' which contrives to bring all under the power of its thumb.Early on Blair endeavors to paint a picture of doom-and-gloom and a not a little despair . a world where `` hope '' seems to be all but stamped out . Though overtly about communism , there can be inferences drawn to politics in general with such things as `` doublespeak '' , which is the ability to believe two opposing things about the same subject -LRB- or even word -RRB- at the exact same time . For example , `` duckspeak '' -LRB- to quack like a duck -RRB- , when applied to an opponent , is a derisive insult . However , the exact same word , when applied to an ally , is also a compliment.Blair does an excellent job of painting a picture of a future so bleak , while still being possible , as to send a shiver down the spine of any freethinking intellectual . Definitely a must-read .
 1984 was written by George Orwell and takes place in a dystopia in England . This book was written close to Orwell 's death and most people say it 's one of his best he ever written.This book takes the view of a low level party worker named Wiston who does n't like the view of the party . But he ca n't do anything about it because of the suppression of speach and thought and if you said or think about anything that is against the party or `` Big Brother '' the thought police comes in and brings you to the Ministry of Love -LRB- a prison like compound -RRB- . Winston has a dairy , which was bought illegally , that has all his thought crimes . As the story progresses Winston job was to `` change history '' by rewriting it and finds some things that do n't add up . He desides to look into this more and finds out he was right . He then goes looking for the `` Brotherhood '' , a revolutionary organization , and finds out that one of high up party members are a part of the `` Brotherhood '' . Now that 's all I will tell you about the story but I will tell that this is a clasic . This will make everyone think about there government diiferently . It 's one of the books that everyone needs to read because it forces you to expand your views on everything . But there is one downside to this book , it does n't make sense unless you know your hostory and governmental systems.I give this book a 4 out of 5 .
 thats all there is to it a must read for anyone with a beating heart .
 George Orwell -LRB- Eric Arthur Blair -RRB- was born in 1903 in India , a part of the British Empire . His father worked in the Indian Civil Service . His family was part of the British middle class and could send Eric Blair for education at Eton , a famous public school in England . After Eton , Eric joined the Indian Imperial Police and he served five years in Burma . He resigned in 1927 as he disliked the political system which treated other races as inferior . He also wanted to concentrate on being a writer.Eric Blair decided to move away from the relatively privileged and pleasant life of the middle class and join the working class . He , therefore , changed his name to George Orwell . He then went to live with the poor in London and Paris , whom he considered to be victims of injustice . He wrote the book `` Down and Out in Paris and London ' in an attempt to educate the wealthy class about the life which poor people lived.In `` 1984 '' , George Orwell continues on his theme of exposing the lie about the life under dictatorship and draws attention to it . He was able to detect fraud and dishonesty in the world of politics . He wanted to expose the lies and contradictions in politics . He exposes the sense of injustice , an exposition of the way a political system can suppress individual thought and emotion and how man can behave in inhuman ways towards other people.The author writes about a basic lie -LRB- in his opinion0 in which an imaginary England of 1984 was based on . The Party -LRB- a one party state -RRB- emphasised that there was no such thing as objective truth but that everything could be changed . The Party could , for instance , change the past at a moment 's notice.Winston Smith is a member of the Party , which constitutes a small percentage of the population . He works at the Ministry of Truth and his job is in the Records Department of the Ministry . His job is to manipulate records at the whims of the Party . In writing `` 1984 '' , George Orwell aims at exposing the inhuman nature of political oppression.Orwell published `` 1984 '' in 1949 , a year before he died . He was very ill during the time he was writing and this partly explains why the book is so gloomy . The book is recommended reading for those who want to understand the nature of political oppression and manipulation and those that wish to understand the evil nature of dictatorship .
 When George Orwell penned his novel in 1948 , he created a gritting and grim dystopian future like none ever before . With the fall of Fascism and the rise of Communism , the world seemed bent on becoming a slave to totalitarian rule.In the world of 1984 , three superstates exist
 1984 is certainly a good book which fully explores this fascinating society . Winston 's struggle was interesting , but it was the way this society was constructed that truly made this book great . I would encourage everyone to read it . The book starts off very slow , a little too slow for my taste , which is why I gave it four stars instead of five . Once it gets going , though , the book is truly engrossing . I was unable to put it down until the end .
 `` 1984 '' by George Orwell is the kind of book that you only re-read because you did n't understand it the first time . While the concepts of the book are extremely intriguing , it lacks the kind of a plot line that would make it great . The lack of suspense and frequent drawn-out episodes make this book dry and very dense . The only things that got me through were the complex and extremely well thought out concepts which I could n't stop thinking about . `` 1984 '' will cause you to rethink all that you know about the world you live in and make you pray that nothing like it will ever come to exist.With the single act of opening a blak diary , Winston Smith becomes an enemy of the Party , the totalitarian government led by a figure named Big Brother . `` 1984 '' follows Winston 's fight against the oppressive government of the Party , including his search for an underground organization known as the Brotherhood and a secret love affair with another Party member . But in this world ruled by telescreens , doublethink , and the Thought Police , to oppose the Party is practically suicide . How can he know who to trust when falsification is the norm and the truth does n't exist . Can he really expect to win against a government that has the power to rewrite the past and control human thought.I would recommend this book to people with a lot of patience . Anybody else will become frustrated before the first chapter ends on page 92 . I would also recommend this book to anybody who has read `` The DiVinci Code '' or any of Dan Brown 's other books . While not nearly as fast paced as `` Angels and Demons '' , you will ensnared by the conceptual side of this book the same way I was . Overall , it 's a good read for anybody that can handle complexity and density .
 1984 deserves more than the usual , casual dismissal that , since communism is all but dead , we need n't worry about such things as totalitarianism spreading ; democracy without end , amen . This is not true . Orwell may have written this at the beginning of the Cold War when we knew just how nasty life was in Russia , and looked to the USSR and Communism as its model . However , this could just as easily apply today.There are underlying themes in this book that apply to today 's democracy-dominated world , unthreatened by the monolith of 1940 's communism or fascism , just as they did in 1949 , when this book was written.First , in the book they mention that people have the tendency to justify handing over power to a smaller , more efficient caste of people during an emergency . That 's when it all starts to unravel . Give the government an inch and they will take a mile.When the press is not heterogenous and the government can influence it , you begin to have official lies . This happens in many countries that have `` official state media '' -LRB- think , the Middle East -RRB- . Second , he mentions that when atrocities were committed by Oceania , they were considered noble but , committed by the enemy , were atrocities to be avenged . Be careful when you fight your enemy that you do not become just like him . It is when there is little difference between your tactics and that of whom you fight that you lose yourself and your identity as a human being.I could go on and on of countless examples , but these are just a few . You do n't think a democracy could unravel ? Think again . Read 1984 .
 The book is very original and good . If you like a book that plays with your mind and questions the realities of the present and what will happen in the future , then this book will be great .
 In this book George Orwell depicts a world in which a collective consciousness is imposed and controlled by a superbeing called the Party , which by excerting control over every individual 's mind obtains control over what it calls ` truth ' . Every person is one with the Party , which is personified by the infallible and omnipotent -LRB- but nonexistent -RRB- Big Brother . Through the individual story of Winston Smith , who initially attempts to rebel against the Party and is later tortured and molded to accept the ` truth ' Orwell shows how a heartless totalitarian state might emerge and remain in power permanently by stripping people of all of what we tend to call ` human nature ' . The book has the clear purpose of warning the reader of the dangerous path our society is following . Throughout the course of the twentieth century , and even in the present day , we can see signs of the kind of mind control described in this book , as well as several instances of blatant declarations of omnipotence . It is up to us -LRB- humans -RRB- to keep the gruesome world described by Orwell from ever coming into existence .
 Even if you 've read this book in the past , it 's time to re-read it . More relevance now than ever . One of ` the ' great books .
 1984 is about one man , Winston Smith , in a society that is really a physical and mental prison . When Winston believes he 's found his own private space , however , he begins to do things - he begins to enjoy his freedom , extremely restricted though it is . Is there a happy ending ? Does Winston continue to enjoy the fruits of his own privacy ? Does he help topple the one party dictatorship ? Read it and find out!I was very impressed with this book . I was impressed for two reasons
 Maybe 1984 has come and gone , but its message is just as real as it was then . How much freedom are we willing to give up to feel safe ? How much can we afford to believe the currant government ? How much are they lying to us for thier own benifit ? When did disagreeing with the governement become unamerican ? 1984 is a dreery story about what happens when there is no freedom . And I mean none . Real love is forbidden . Real thought is forbidden . All the matters is the love for the Party . And what the Party wants you to think.As the story goes on the major character does fall in love and sets out to destroy the party . I 'm not going to give away the ending but I will tell you that its not a happy one.There was really only one way the story could have ended.I just hope things in real life do n't end like that . But the older I get , the more I realize how close we are to 1984 .
 I can recommend 3 books to read before the election . Bob Woodwards Plan of Attack , Richard Clarke 's Against All Enemies and Orwells 1984 . Orwell 's vision has finally come true . The parallels between his book and the Bush administration are frightening . War is Peace , have we heard that from The Bushies , Rumsfeld 's Doublespeak , Please people read this book before the election and compare the book to the adminstration policies and then make the choice you think is right .
 The Man does n't want you to read `` 1984 '' 'cause He ca n't let you know His intentions . It 's all about control , man . Look at September 11 , which was , like many of the missile attacks in `` 1984 , '' staged by the US government to justify war . The Department of Homeland Security -LRB- Orwellian in its name -RRB- and the War on Terror -LRB- in classic Oceanic fashion , everything `` bad '' has `` terror '' and everything `` good '' has `` freedom '' in its name -- all language and understanding has been reduced to simplicity -RRB- were initiated afterwards , amidst much doublespeak and Orwellian rheteric from the mouths of the Bush Administration . The neverending war against Eurasia/Eastasia used to justify domestic surveillance and limitation on civil liberties in `` 1984 '' are mirrored in the present day by the ongoing `` War on Terror '' and its consequencial PATRIOT act that has curtailed civil liberties . Anyone who says this book is `` dated '' or `` outdated '' is either ignorant , blind to the condition of this great nation or working for THE MAN !!
 I read this book during Bush 's 2nd term and I have to say , the parallels were unnerving . I like the romantic liason that occurs so clandestinely and unexpectedly . This was pretty scary stuff . The political pontificating was suffocating at times , but then , it was quite a bit of genius in itself . You have to wonder how this guy could come up with this ` stuff ' -LRB- word substituted -RRB- . Yes , we have our own levels of censorship even in the land of the `` free . ''
 The book 1984 by George Orwell , was a great book if you are into Sci Fi/adventure novels . The only part of the book I did not like was the ending . Winston sells out . Through the whole book he has you believe he secretly wants to disobey and rebell against this opressive leadership , but then at the end instead of taking the cruel death with pain and honor he sells out . He takes the easy road . It almost makes it seam like the whole book was for nothing . He ended right where he started off . Other than the sell out ending , the book kept my attention and gets a rating of 4 out of 6 on the Rob scale .
 What can I say `` IT ORWELL '' the master , funny how right he was and how Obama and Harper are exactly what he warned us about . Every human needs to read 1984 especially now with the totalitarian rule threating every Western Society .
 I just finished - literally - reading the book 1984 by George Orwell and my very first thought as I gazed over the last four sentences upon my nook version of the book was anger . Not mad at Orwell , or Winston -LRB- the main charterer -RRB- , more mad at the way it went . Do n't worry no spoilers here but as a first time read for this nearly 35 year old guy I can say that I 'm glad I waited to read it as I think having done so at a lesser age would n't have proved as beneficial an understanding as it did just now.This is a 4 + star book -LRB- we 'll just round it down to 4 for measures sake -RRB- in my opinion simply for the fact that it was able to move me and keep my attention even while not reading it . Recommended
 I found the O'Brien character in 1984 to be unrealistic . The idea of someone intelligent enough to run a sophisticated surveillance state acting against economic progress and enjoying ruling over people in the most brutal and barbaric way is not realistic . Compare this to Koestler 's Darkness at Noon , in my opinion a far superior novel , where the state is run by violent but stupid brutes who would not be intelligent enough to run a sort of 1984 dystopia.However , this is still a great novel in that it accurately predicted the inevitable surveillance of everyone 's lives that has been a reality , and is increasingly becoming more and more prevalent , with the surface justification being anti-terrorism . Winston , an isolated individual , can do nothing against the powerful bureaucracy and his attempt to oppose the state just leads to him being crushed . The imagery is the strongest part of the novel , with , for example the `` 10 minutes of hatred '' and the `` Ministry of Truth '' propagated lies . It has become a part of our language , and both sides on the political spectrum lionize Orwell to demonstrate that the other side is immoral even while engaging in Orwellian language themselves in the same breath.However , Orwell , a miserable pessimist , like so many science fiction writers could see no solutions , and so 1984 has become a symbol of a future that must be opposed . He did not think of any possible solutions but only illustrated a future in which individuals were crushed by an omnipotent bureaucracy which only enjoyed crushing people.Orwell makes the bureaucracy one-dimensional , and as Dr. Dolan from the online newspaper the Exile points out , his choice of the name `` O'Brien '' demonstrates his particular form of British racism . Authors do not pick names randomly and Orwell was implying something without actually wanting to provide any details , because 1984 is on the whole a rant , but a very good rant that conjures up powerful imagery . If Orwell had created a more realistic portrayal of the future , even a more realistic dystopia , it may not have been as powerful in its effect on the reader.Since someone inevitably will make use of surveillance technology , either through the government , or if the government 's powers were severely repressed , as libertarians believe is necessary to ensure progress and freedom , then through powerful corporations who bend the law and use their profits to surveil and manipulate the populace , and evade government attempts to stop them . Inevitably the power of surveillance will lie in someone 's hands ; it 's just a matter of who . Thus the vast majority of individuals who simply view surveillance with superstitious hostility have not really thought about the issue much , and may simply have a desire to believe their lives are being controlled in the same way that many people , from environmentalists to religious zealots , pray for the end of the world.When this surveillance state uses its powers for its own selfish reasons and for the sheer thrill of power or when its tactics are unnecessarily brutal and disruptive , it must be opposed with every means necessary . However , if it allows legitimate free debate but only acts to disrupt organizations and movements that are nihilistically destructive , and people who seek to impose a 1984 dystopia upon us , then it may be a source of good . However , it is proper that our natural reaction is to be skeptical , and blunders the CIA and FBI continuously make demonstrate that we can not blindly accept that they are a progressive force.The fact that they allow their blunders to be revealed illustrates the unnecessary barbarity of some of their methods . The check on their power indeed comes from whistleblowers like Mike Levine , author of the bestselling expose of the CIA 's involvement in the drug war -LRB- their interests were not in stopping people from using drugs -RRB- who point out their failures to discerning and curious individuals . If they go too far their will be a reaction against them and their power will be reduced , and individual agents purged.Thus it is important that those who wield the powers of surveillance realize that the most important reason why they possess these powers is to prevent less scrupulous individuals from using these powers to malign and destroy decent individuals . In 1984 , the reporting of events was changed to represent the interest of Big Brother . Readers naturally and correctly find this concept scary , and the CIA and FBI have , at times , used such tactics themselves to uneccessarily destroy the lives of dissenting individuals when the tactics of debate should have been used rather than brute suppression if the whistleblower really did not have a full understanding of the larger and correct motivations behind their tactics.If , like Lenin , they see the cautious use of force as a weakness rather than a symbol of superiority , then it does not matter what political party , ideology , or interests they serve ; they have gone too far and must be routed out and attacked , not just by intellectuals like Chomsky made inconsequential by his incessant and one-sided rants , but by intelligent and brave individuals , whether liberal , conservative , or apolitical . Certainly there are times when force or using coercive tactics may be necessary , but the less such tactics are used the better . Non-interference , laying back and letting events take their course until just the right moment rather than sticking their finger in every pie , is the best option.Perhaps the key element is how they deal with exceptional individuals - scientists , literary figures , charismatic but intelligent politicians . If they only attempt to manipulate these individuals for their own end , controlling their every action , they may greatly reduce the good the individual could have produced.It is right that we , non-members of the Surveillance Party , skeptically try to deduce the influence spooks have on our lives and political events . It is also natural that the spooks try to keep their actions secret ; that 's who they are . When they use barbaric and destructive tactics it should be pointed out at every opportunity .
 George Orwell published a book entitled 1984 . The novel made a huge impact and made a statement about humanity . He wrote the book in 1949 , envisioning the future of man . He believed that there would be dictatorship by the government by 1984 . The novel 's main character is Winston Smith . He doubts the system or the government , in which is Big Brother that 's controls Oceania , one of the three super states . Winston is older than most citizens of the super state . He slightly remembers life before Big Brother . Big Brother would prefer people not to know the past . Though his memories are indistinct , he thinks that life must have been better before Big Brother 's leadership . As Winston 's rebellion progresses , he meets Julia , who is also against Big Brother . Winston and Julia become lovers and confess their rebelliousness to O'Brien , who is believed to be a member of a rebel group called Brotherhood . Then comes the story 's climax . The reader will be introduced to what 's behind 1984 . George Orwell brings suspense in the story when he shows us what is really behind Big Brother . Big Brother uses mental manipulation to influence its citizens . This book reminds us of political tragedies , how the government can control everything . George Orwell reminds us of what went wrong , what can go wrong , and what will go wrong when the government becomes all-powerful . I believe that this book opened my mind to politics . 1984 is one of the best books written . Orwell writes about reality and bases its contents to the real world .
 I LOVE THIS BOOK . If you have n't read it , you are totally missing out . Enough said .
 This book is unrelentingly , amazingly depressing . It 's absolutely graphically realistic in it 's descriptions , and the story - I 'm gon na give it away here - does not end happily . I read this in high school and have never forgotten it ; it frightened me then and it still frightens me . The word is bleak.You should still read it . You should not only read books that give you happiness , or catharsis , or what you want ; those are candy for your mind and will not tell you harsh truths . You should also read books that give you gifts you do n't want , gifts that make you uncomfortable or upset or frightened . Books that point out things you 'd much rather you could ignore and hope they 'd go away . That 's why this is a classic ; not because of stupendous writing or anything else -LRB- I 've seen better writing -RRB- . I still hate this book . And I still gave it 4 stars .
 1984 by George Orwell was brilliant , disturbing , excellently written , depressing and most of all eerily predicting of the future . I enjoyed reading it very much . Orwell 's writing is phenomenal . The way he describes things is incredible and beautiful . I admired his bold statement against socialism . His book was extremely persuasive and should be read by all that have not yet read it . It is a classic , yet it holds all the contemporary aspects of a newer book . No part of this novel was unsatisfying for me . There were no parts of the novel that did not keep me waiting for what would happen next . This could quite possibly be my favorite book that I have read yet .
 I do n't think I will ever get over the fact that this book is so accurate about the future . This author is a genius , and it 's a timeless novel that every person needs to read
 I wish I could just rate the book w/out writing a review ! I 'm not an author . I do n't have a way with words !
 When I read this book I saw a snapshot of what is actually happening today . How ironic someone would have know this was going to happen so many years ahead of time.Excellent reading and I do n't normally read fiction .
 Imagine , for a second , that tomorrow a large Atomic War starts , and the world is divided into three states . You are under the command of a leader called `` Big Brother '' . Constantly on government surveillance , you try to escape Big Brother 's listening and viewing devices , but , of course , you ca n't . Nobody can really escape.In the year 1984 , bombs invade the city of London . On the Malabar Front a war starts , in another state of the world , called Eastasia . The Ministry of Truth , a government organization , broadcasts to the population via a network of telescreens . These devices , which intrude on all aspects of people 's lives , are also capable of monitoring their every word and action . They form part of an immense surveillance system used by the Ministry of Love - another government organization - and its dreaded agents called Thought Police , to serve their singular goal
 This is the classic and the mould of the dystopian narrative . Clearly written to explore the plausibility of what would happen if the technocratic regime of the socialist state was allowed to take its course , it stretches beyond this very palpable social critique . The final part is the most disturbing and harrowing as one can almost feel Winston 's physical and psychological torment in a world that forbids love and legitimates peace through fear.I am amazed that this was written so long ago since these drives in social order seem so shockingly prevalent and the spectre of war as a lever to condition responses from the masses is clearly a vehicle even in the US . It does slowdown in the middle with the very transparent political commentary wrought by Goldstein 's manual . Yet the impact of what abuse and harnessing of technical , psychological , social , and political power punches hard at the end .
 I did not personally choose to read 1984 and at first had I no interest whatsoever , however that quickly changed when I got past the peculiar lingo of `` newspeak '' -LRB- annoyed me that I had to keep jumping to the back of the book for the meanings -RRB- . Orwell intrigued me with his descriptive writing and caused me to hang on his every word as Wilson Smith , the main character , went about his life in a supposed Utopia . The fact that Big Brother , an unknown and possibly inexistent force , has so much control over this world . At first I was skeptic as to how on point Orwell would be predicting what may occur in the future but he was somewhat dead on . The entire movement of `` The Party '' seemed like modern day communism - everyone was referred to as comrade and no one had any say and could n't even think negatively about anything that may have seemed wrong in society , for the thought police would get you . No one was treated better nor worse except if you were a traitor , then you were VAPORIZED !!!! As funny as it may sound , If Orwell had used actual countries , I would of thought it was factual , rather than some prophetic vision.One of my favorite scenes in 1984 was when Julia , Wilson 's lover , came back from a proletarian quarter of the town wearing make-up and speaking of wearing a womans frock . I reminded me of a scene out of Pleasantville . She was only person with rouge cheeks and deeply reddened lips and make-up dabbed here and there , she stood out like a sore thumb.The importance of castes and war , erasing the past and replacing it with falsified information , hiding from the authorities , and only feeling safe when the lights are out ; Orwell makes you wonder if theses rules still apply in modern time.I suggest more people read this or any other by George Orwell , I plan on reading Animal Farm next .
 Brilliant literature!I recommend all books by this author.I also love the fact that the publisher , 1stWorld Library has made the text slightly larger which is a blessing for my thirty-something eyes . Great job . I have dozens of books by this publisher.The Second DeclarationEvery Day A Miracle Happens
 I bought it and read it . Orwell does create a pretty horrifying world but I felt he spent a bit too much time on the exposition . I did stay hooked though because I wanted to know why would this government do this to its people and I think I got a bit of an anticlimactic but realistic answer .
 Discomfiting , penetrating , imaginative , and very grey , this book deserves its fame not for elegance of prose -LRB- it is only adequately written -RRB- nor for an interesting plot -LRB- not much happens , at least as novels usually go -RRB- , but for its indelible , devastating portrait of human degradation and its far-fetched-yet-just-around-the-corner description of the hows and whys of totalitarian power . A dramatic , illuminating read .
 This should me a must read for everyone . It will make you think twice about things that go on in our government and those around the world .
 The grim darkness in which this book is written vividly paints the first picture that pops into my mind anytime I think of a totalitarian state , increasing government control or oppressing individualism and individual freedoms -LRB- and most any dystopia for that matter -RRB- . It 's not like Huxley 's ` Brave New World ' , which is designed as a utopia and actually has some innocuous circumstances , or Zamyatin 's ` We ' , which is also designed as a utopia and at least holds a clean appearance for its citizens , it 's an extreme extrapolation of even North Korea . There is absolutely nothing appealing or redeeming about the 1984 society or life , which makes the main character 's life all the more fascinating.The reach and relevance of this book to today are profound in that there are frequent references to it and its ideas in other books , movies , the media and even idle coffee shop conversations as it is the foundation of terms/concepts such as Orwellian , Big Brother , thoughtcrime / Thought Police , War is Peace , doublethink , newspeak , etc. . That combined with it being a good , well-written , thought provoking book make for a compelling reason to read it .
 This classic utopian novel depicts a mad , fascist world , where truth is controlled by the government , and independent thought is illegal . Compassion for others is punishable by death ; the only love allowed is for `` Big Brother '' who is always watching you through telescreens that permeate everywhere . The world is divided up into three superpowers , East Asia , Eurasia , and Oceania , which consists of the Americas and the former British Empire including London where this novel is set . The world is in a constant state of war . All social and technological progress has halted . All humanistic values like peace and love are crushed . The fascist government has complete control over every aspect of people 's lives , including their thoughts.The people are in a perpetual state of poverty . The proles are the ignorant , listless lower class . The Outer party is the middle class , where our protagonist , Winston , resides ; they do most of the so-called professional work for the Inner Party , though still live in abject misery . They work grueling hours in tiny cubicles , delivering misinformation to an ignorant public . -LRB- Sound familiar ? -RRB- Sex is not to be enjoyed by party members ; it is only for procreation . -LRB- Does this sound familiar ? -RRB- Any violation is constituted a sexcrime . The English language is being stripped of words , butchered , and consolidated ; OldSpeak is being translated into NewSpeak , a simplistic language consisting of compound words like DoubleSpeak . The people are incited into anger against their opponent in war and Goldstein , the leader of an imaginary opposition . It is a fascist world that crushes what is left of humanity.Winston , likely named by the author after Winston Churchill , is a middle-aged man working in the Outer Party . He begins to rebel against the fascist state by writing a journal in secrecy , committing thoughtcrimes , and entering to an illicit affair with the young Julia . He is betrayed by O'Brien , an Inner Party member , who seduces him with the truth . Winston and Julia are caught in bed and sent to the Ministry of Love , where they are tortured and brainwashed . In the end , they betray each other , and Winston confesses his love for Big Brother.This is a haunting , depressing novel , but a very important read . The political allegories can be applied to society today ; it is intended as a warning to us . This novel is engrossing , thought-provoking , intelligent , and very-well written . George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is an educational , fascinating description of a totalitarian world .
 Firstly
 `` 1984 '' was written as a warning of what could happen when Government controls every aspect of our lives . I could imagine that it would gradually -LRB- with emphasis on the gradually -RRB- happen as government would slowly but surely take over aspects of our lives before it takes over completely.Most people would agree that government control is negative - but most would disagree on what aspect of our lives government needs to control or should I say to handle in order to keep us `` safe '' . I would love to see a prequel to `` 1984 '' perhaps call it `` 1983 '' -LRB- or `` The 1970 's '' -RRB- . It would be interesting to see perspectives and perceptions that led up to a country such as the one depicted in `` 1984 '' . JR FelisildaAuthor of the book , `` Nanay
 What can I say ? It 's 1984 . Most people have seen enough references that they understand the word `` Orwellian '' , `` Thought police '' , `` New speak '' , or `` Big Brother '' even if they 've never read this.Nevertheless , reading it gives a much clearer view of these concepts .1984 is on a short list of books that have probably prevented the very totalitarian societies they predict . It fills the reverse function of the books fictional `` Newspeak '' -- it adds to our vocabulary and therefore to our ability to think and defend ourselves against oppression.I read this while I was also studying cults and mind control , and Orwell captures these concepts very well in this fictional dystopian world .
 Even though this book has been out for a number of years , it is more appropriate today than the day it was written . It labors through some detail but ties is all together by the close . It will cause you to see today 's headlines in a new light .
 George Orwell was such a talented and vivid writer that can paint a picture in your head with his words . This is such an incredible story that has lessons that still hold true today . Great book , great read , I highly recommend it !
 I do n't usually read slow , passive , and thought-provoking books . Do n't get me wrong though , I enjoy getting my thoughts provoked , just not usually at slower paces with passive characters . But even still , it was the way the world was and the thoughts of this one man , our protagonist , that drew me into this book so well . It 's frightening how well our society was predicted by this book . Obviously it 's not an exact match , but the ideas behind the book hit close to home ; almost too close for comfort . I highly recommend this book to everyone that is literate . If you 're not literate , learn to read just for this book .
 I decided to read 1984 because every single book list on the web recommended it on its top twenty . I can now see why ! This book seems to me to be the basic foundation for every revolutionary idea , rebellious thought , or conformist ideology that was written in our modern time . I was mesmerized , betrayed , bewitched , and baffled by how real it felt especially since the world today is witnessing similar kind of revolution in the shape of the Arab Spring . It was a wonder to equate this work of fiction into reality and ponder if the very revolution he depicted can be stifled through the destruction of the human spirit .
 Packed with promiscuity , cursing , and rebellion 1984 was unlike any other classic . This book has many present day references despite being written in 1949 . Relevant and surprisingly insightful 1984 was a great read .
 Were you aware that Tony Blair and The labour party are almost universally despised in the UK?Tony Blair is finished , but the way that Gordon Brown arrogantly swaggers about , becoming more presidential by the day , tells me that the poisonous Labour Party still has plans for us.This is a tricky book to review . So much has been written about it since its publication that the question has to be
 It is a good book , i dont know if i totaly understand the point . It does make you hate people not involved with history and the world around them , if you arent you will believe anything .
 This is one of my favorite books of all time . The reasons are even obscure to me but I suppose it is probably because I read it as a student at a critical time of my own development . It questions so much and most of all takes us to the meaning of very fundamental issues in life . I always want to think of it as a bad prediction which never came true but the truth is quite the opposite and that is something which I do n't like and do n't want to be true . Somehow I need to know that the true meaning of Utopia is based on love . The ideal wine to accompany Nineteen Eighty Four is champagne ; it gives you faith in the future .
 What else is there to say about this book ? It is a highly read book , after all . Very good read .
 A classic of literature that should be read multiple times by everyone , it predicts a bleak world of misinformation and mind control . Still chilling every time I read it .
 I 've always loved 1984 -LRB- it 's a total classic , and so well written for it 's time -RRB- , so it was an easy choice for me to spend the $ 1 -LRB- yes , ONE DOLLAR -RRB- on the e-book edition when my book club re-read this novel . I did have the paperback version , but I just love reading on my Kindle , so I went for the e-book version as well : -RRB-
 This is the second time I have read this book . The first was for school . I enjoyed it more this time because of the things I did appreciate the first time .
 I ordered this copy specifically so I would have it for a class and the page numbers would correlate ; however this is not the copy I received ! I 'm going to be extremely dissatisfied if I find that the pages do n't in fact correlate . Overall though , it 's in great condition just like it was stated . I would just like for both the buyer and the seller to keep this in mind as a purchase is made .
 This novel was very difficult to put down , Orwell grabs the reader and makes the character 's life 's connect to their own . The ideas portrayed by this book allow a reader 's mind to wonder as they follow Winston through his life as a heretic .
 Very poignant book . Written over 60 years ago but still makes such valid commentary on society . Would recommend for any reader .
 There are very few books that make you afraid for the future and current day as much as this . This novel will make you look at today 's changes and wonder how much of it is truly science fiction . Almost 30 years beyond the predicted time , this book reveals how foolish and unaware we often choose to be . To remain free , we must be unwilling to relinquish our knowledge no matter what others may think . No other novel has directly changed my thinking -LRB- so far -RRB- as much as this one .
 Seminal work by Orwell . You ca n't deny its influence and certainly not the dire predictions of the future . A bit premature perhaps -LRB- but the main character is n't sure if it really IS 1984 , he just thinks it is as his &#34; best guess &#34; . At the time of the writing you can forgive George 's guess at the telescreen technology , but perhaps under appreciating the need for social norms self-imposed on contrarian thinking in modern society .
 Love the book , very appropriate for the time we live in . It arrived in the condition described .
 It may be said that great books comment on their times , and on the human experience , but masterpieces actually shape history . We may look at George Orwell 's 1984 in two ways
 Well written and still holds up today . Read in high school , thought of it more as work . I did n't truly appreciate the dark story line and dystopia feel . Re-read recently , I took my time and truly enjoyed it . Great science fiction literature .
 A classic piece of literature that remains as current as when it was first published . Definitely worth reading and rereading .
 An amazing story that I wanted to read for a while now . Finally I bought it and I am glad I did . It raises questions and it paints a nightmarish picture of goverment control . While this stuff never happened verbatim , many goverment attempted and still attempt to control spoken and written word much more than it is reasonable . People still disappear -LRB- vaporize -RRB- without anybody knowing if they are alive or not -LRB- courtesy of local or far-away governments including so called `` democracies . '' -RRB- Anyway , the book is very interesting read . Saying more may spoil it for a future reader . I am not sure how the whole Julia situation fit into the story other that adding scarier depths .
 More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984 '' a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control . Principally he has only transcribed from reality , because the dictatorships of terror existed already
 More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984 '' a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control . Principally he has only transcribed from reality , because the dictatorships of terror existed already
 More than half century is gone since George Orwell depicted with 1984 '' a frightening picture of a totalitarian regime of oppression of all human individuality and freedom and absolute control . Principally he has only transcribed from reality , because the dictatorships of terror existed already
 If you have n't read this book you have been influenced by it . Either by its prophetic themes or by the influential vocabulary itself this book has penetrated post-modern humanity . Beyond recommending it I would say it is part of a secular literature which represents human thought in the 20th century to present day.This is also the swan song literary gem of a great writer at his peak . He died shortly after finishing as he neglected his health in the fury of writing , feeling that , after some lesser literature , he was finally on to something . And so he was.This book has a unique style of prose , self-invented perhaps and represents a deep look , a chilling picture of our world . I have read that it may be considered part of a small collection of contemporary dystopian classics from the mid 20-th century . To me this one stands out alone .
 Everyone 's heard of 1984 , and yet I had n't read it yet . In fact I really had no intention of reading it until a friend bought me a copy and told me to read it . So here I am today , not quite a fan , but impressed none the less.Right from the beginning I enjoyed how Orwell wrote . Not necessarily the actual story , just how he writing flowed from one sentence to the next . It was very concise and clear , fluidly moving from page to page . You can immediately draw parallels to the ideas in 1984 to many countries throughout the world , which is amazing considering it was originally published in 1949 . This made the beginning third of the book at least bearable . The concept was definitely mind opening to start with , but then Orwell did n't go into enough explanation and instead kept repeating the same sequence of events over and over again . Big Brother watching , telescreen this , telescreen that . This person wo n't make it , that one wo n't . Change the history , rewrite events so on and so on . We understood the world they lived in without actually knowing the why and the how.It was n't until we get to The Book that 1984 begins to bloom and sprout into a lovely flower , or if Big Brother had a say it would be a weed . As excerpts from The Book are read we finally get to see the how and the why , to understand how our world became what it was . The constant struggle , if not physically than the mental head games , between the 3 all powerful superstate in Oceania , Eurasia and Eastaisa . It all clicked in to place and shake your head at the clarity of it . But after that it did n't quite follow through with the ending as torture and psychological head games are used to bludgeon a party member in to accepting Big Brother 's way fo thinking , or ingsoc.Certainly on the depressive side this book is , but the ideas that it expresses are well worth the read . Orwell conveys the message so clearly that you ca n't help but shake your head as you count off the countries that seem like they are today , 61 years later , falling into the governmental control over its citizens that is represented in 1984 . Although not the best book , 1984 's ideas are important . A tentative recommend so long as one knows why type of book they are getting in to .4 stars .
 The starting point and first dot is Orwell 's 1984 how language is used to control large populations . The second dot connects Big Brothers tactics to modern politics and business . Hmm , Big Brother could have written the American 2001Patriot act himself . The Last but not lease dot is connecting the 1984 dots to Americas `` race '' problem.Do you know who and what land area they were fighting over in 1984 ? Most experts think that Orwell was writing about totalitarian government . He was , but that was not all he was writing about . Big Brother and Oceania were trying to get control of a particular land , and its people , and resources . Where was this land ? If you read the book , I bet you do not remember . You read the answer , it was at the end of the book . When you read it , your bio-computer -LRB- Brain -RRB- had a Brain Crash . Because what Orwell reveals in the end is so well connected to modern times and what is actually happening , today it is too scary to contemplate for most Americans.Yes and today we have the Patriot Act , and Neighbors who become part of the `` disappeared '' . Hmmmm!You need these particular dots , You need to reread these classics , Orwell is not as theoretical as you think.For more details , get DoubleSpeak in Black and White here on Amazon
 ORWELL 'S PESSIMISTIC LOOK AT THE FUTURE IS A GLIMPSE OF THE WORLD THAT HE FORESAW AS A RESULT OF GLOBAL COMMUNISM . ORWELL WAS LARGELY CRITICIZED FOR BOTH ANIMAL FARM AND 1984 SINCE AT THE TIME THEY WERE WRITTEN THEY WERE PERCEIVED AS A RAGE AGAINST STALINIST RUSSIA , WHICH WAS AN ALLY OF GREAT BRITIAN . AT THE TIME.HIMSELF A SOCIALIST , IN ' 1984 ' ORWELL PRESENTS A PICTURE OF SOCIALISM GONE AMOK . THE WORLD IS COMOPSED OF THREE SUPERPOWERS-EURASIA , EASTASIA , AND OCEANA . THE BOOKS HERO , WINSTON SMITH , IS A MID LEVEL BUREAUCRAT WHOSE JOB IT IS TO REWRITE THE PAST . WINSTON LIVES IN LONDON WHICH IS PART OF OCEANA
 i think it 's very sad that most people get the whole message wrong.this book is NOT another book about how bad communism is ! the party in the book is NOT a socialist party ! they just call themselves socialist , just like bush calls himself a democrat . -LRB- haha ! -RRB- this book is a warning of totaliarism in any form , opression by the powerfull.orwell himself used to be a communist . and orwell 's latest political conception was socialism!i 'd suggest for everybody who wants to read this book and get it right to read the afterword or whatever in the back of the book.why are so many americans so uninformed about communism and socialism ?
 1984 is a great read but not a compelling one . It can be a little hard going at times . The characters are a little frustrating thus making it a little annoying to read . Still it is a great classic and well worth persuing to the end .
 Orwell 's vision of the future is well done , but is becoming more obsolete than its predecessor , Brave New World by Aldous Huxley . 1984 is more based on communism , whereas Brave New World is more focused on the future of Western industrialism . Brave New World is even more in focus because its use of changing the genetics of humans , which we are more likely capable of now doing after the cloning of the sheep , Dolly . Orwll 's version is great , I recommend you read this , but if you read this , you should also read Brave New World by Aldous Huxley .
 This book is so straight on that I believe it will never die . I think that Jerry Furland , author of Transfer - the end of the beginning , is possiby George Orwell re-incarnated . I would like to know more about both of these authors .
 The parallels between G.W. 's government and the big brother government in `` 1984 '' are harrowing . But I guess as long as we have a president who says he believes in Jesus , Americans will continue to have no problem with the largest , most expansive , and most intrusive federal government in this nation 's history .
 `` 1984 '' is one of the most well-known novels of the 20th century , perhaps ever . It is also one of the most misunderstood.Many readers assume that the novel is anti-Communist and anti-socialist . Nothing could be further from the truth . In fact , Orwell was a socialist himself . During the Spanish Civil War , he fought for a revolutionary party called POUM , `` the Workers Party for Marxist Unification '' . Sounds pretty socialist to me . Orwell was anti-Stalinist , but believed Stalinism to be a perversion of true socialism.So is his novel an attack on Stalinism , then ? Both yes and no . `` 1984 '' was written in 1948 and published in 1949 . During this time , many intellectuals believed that Stalinism and capitalism would eventually merge , creating a new system , combining the worst aspects of both . This feared system of the future was often called `` bureaucratic collectivism '' . Rizzi , Schachtman and Burnham believed it could happen . Trotsky vacillated on the issue . Orwell must have believed in the grim possibility of `` bureaucratic collectivism '' himself . That is what his novel is really all about . `` 1984 '' is set in a futuristic society called Oceania . On the surface , Oceania is Stalinist . But on a closer look , it actually looks like a strange mixture of the Soviet Union and the British Empire . On the one hand , Oceania has a unproductive planned economy . On the other hand , it fights for colonial supremacy in Africa and Asia . Indeed , its main bases of power are the Anglo-Saxon nations.The ideology of Oceania is called `` English Socialism '' , an obvious combination of the British and the Soviet . Oceania is run by a party , divided into the Inner Party and the Outer Party . The underclass is called proles . This is both a reference to the hierarchic Stalinist party in the USSR , and to the traditional British class structure
 The scene in the upper room above the junk shop where Winston and Julia lie on a threadbare blanket-as a man and woman must have done before , free to be together , to feel and to love . Then the arrest , the voice commanding them to not move , brainwashed into unquestioning obedience , they stand at attention , naked , waiting for the mind police to come take them away . Never a thought to run , to resist , to escape somehow . Abject despairing surrender before the absolute power and authority of the State/Big Brother.I never quite got over that scene . The supine , complacent citizens of Oceania were even less prepared to rebell than Winston . Now I have recently read Jerry Furland 's `` Transfer-the end of the beginning '' and I see a new Oceania , infinitely more subtle , and with fewer doubts as to it 's potential . I would like to see a movie done of `` Transfer '' . Maybe some independent film company will see the same promise . Like 1984 , it is a novel about the future-no less terrifying than Orwell 's long loved classic , it needs mass market exposure too .
 George Orwell 's futuristic world is amazing look at society gone haywire.Also an interesting look at where lots of the language we use today comes from .
 I purchased this book to give as gifts . It is a real eye opener . It will open your eyes as to what is going on in the world today .
 really fast shipping ! :-RRB- The book is a little worn but this does not bug me because I am just a college student .
 Good condition book . Look forward to passing it down to kids , grandkids , etc after our media begins to get censored here in the USA ... Coming soon , you know .
 It was a good book . It was not my favorite book ever , but I feel more cultured because I read it .
 I have been reading this book over the last week . I am currently 88 % finished according to my kindle . As was stated in a previous review I have read on this version -LRB- the 99 cent kindle version -RRB- there are several errors . While it is slightly annoying that the version does tend to combine words , aka leave out some spaces between words , it is definitely readable . Since this book was a mere 99 cents I have no problem in forgetting these errors . It is a great book riddled with thought provoking passages and is a must read for anyone . I would consider it one of the better deals I have gotten in my life ; fully worth the dollar I spent on it . Although I believe that the errors could be corrected -LRB- easily -RRB- by amazon , I would n't ruminate on that fallacy for a moment . This book is definitely a buy . I would be willing to spend at least 10 dollars on it , errors or not .
 1984 takes place in a country named Oceania , a negative utopia . In this country , miniscule amounts of freedom are given to citizens and the government encourages conformity and submission . Winston Smith , the main character , edits documents which may contradict thoughts and beliefs of the current government . In addition , he writes articles for a newspaper called The Times , written entirely in Newspeak . Newspeak is the official language of Oceania and was invented to limit the individuality of humans by stripping language of variety . This limited language is one of the many ways in which the government manipulates its citizens into being thoughtless human beings . After living a structured and dull life for as long as he could remember , Winston reassesses his life and decides to put a stop to the immense amount of control and power that the government has . The decision that he made would alter his life forever and force him to revaluate his life.This book deals with key topics about humanity and the desire for power . Orwell seemingly predicts the effects of communism and the ugly truth about politics , war , and society . The nature of this society makes readers think about the value of individuality , education , passion , and much more . The Thought Police constitutes another form of control over citizens . Humans are required not to think unacceptable thoughts , dream of anything corrupt , appear abnormal , or behave in a chaotic way . Although the society declares that no rules have been defined , the punishments for disobeying orders are so severe that people stay away from doing anything suspicious or something which would draw attention towards oneself . The plot portrays a message about the purpose of life and the positives of differences and inequality . The stupendous writing and impeccable vocabulary makes this read exiting and intriguing . From the first page , you 'll be rooting for the successful overthrow of the government and will remain hopeful that Winston can make a positive change to this society - compelling read !
 When I first read this novel , the first four words were just amazing ! 1984 is a book that has to be read , it is just simply amazing ! Pure and simple . Some of the things in this book is just frighting ! George Orwell did a great job creating a story that is just VERY REALISTIC ! Sure it does start off slow , George Orwell does into a lot of detail in the book about how things COULD OF BEEN if Communism did take over the world . No one has the right to privacy , the people in this book are always being watched by the Party , and it is just outright amazing.The story evolves around Winston , he works for the Ministry of Truth , deep inside he hates the Party , but he does not reveal it because of the Thought Police ! So he goes to work everyday eating the nasty food the Party gives the people , he then thinks that he is being watched by the Thought Police , which turns out to be a girl who is MUCH MORE YOUNGER than he is ! He is 39 , and the girl is in her mid-twenties . Her name is Julie , he wanted to kill her because he thought she was spying on him , sound real huh ? 1984 is a HARD novel to read , and going through the novel is HARD , but it is worth reading . The novel brings hatred toward one 's government , and how one of could of lived if Communism did spread throughout the world . Very scary , but yet very interesting because George knows how to write a very good book.Read it , and you wont be disappointed !
 It is not a book for entertainment for sure . You just want to forget about the whole thing once you finish reading it . There is something in human in the book , something that turns your stomach , almost like `` devil '' and you want to get away from it . May be Orwell did this on purpose , to make you feel what one feels under that sort of an oppressive government.Some of his predictions in the book are `` eerie '' to say the least . Some people might want to specify this government or other for the subject of the book , but I think at different degrees , one can find dark forces that want to control and oppress others for their interest everywhere and every country even in the West.It is not a long book , which is a plus . You can finish it while the whole story is still in your mind.PS
 I was one of the many people who had to read 1984 as a high school student . However a few weeks ago , I decided to read it again . And I was amazed about how much I enjoyed it when I did n't have to worry about writing an essay on it . George Orwell did a fantastic job creating a world where there is no love , no warmth or anything that resembles humanity . Winston Smith , the main character , feels trapped in Oceania , a dire place where words are cut from the language to limit the thoughts of citizens , cameras and microphones are everywhere to monitor your actions , and where children will call their parents traitors and turn them in to authorities . Winston manages to find joy in trinkets he buys from a prole 's shop and from a woman he falls in love with . And he finds hope in the form of O'Brien , the one man who he thinks understands him . However , in Oceania nothing good lasts for long.The thought that Orwell put into the plot , characters , and the setting is considerable . He explains different facets of Oceanic history and society -LRB- especially through `` Goldstein 's book '' , -RRB- and even includes an appendix explaining `` newspeak , '' the language of Oceania -LRB- which I recommend reading after the first few chapters -RRB- . The scary thing about the book is that many elements of the Inner Party and Ingsoc are real and are relevant today . Read this book to see one view of how life can be like if we forget ourselves and put our futures completely in the hands of others .
 There are few books that I reference as much as this one . Almost every aspect of the homogenization of culture and individualism is realized in this book . You can not discuss world politics without reading this book . Just read the darn book !
 Nineteen Eighty-Four is not and never has been just a year . Nor is the world portrayed by George Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four a place or even merely a set of political or social circumstances . Rather , Nineteen Eighty-Four is a state of mind , a way of being , an atmosphere in which the dark side of our nature lives and turns all around it darker still . It is a time or place which we create when we turn away from the light that is within us , within each individual self , to the empty darkness of group will and psychology ; of `` massmindedness '' . Thus do we create for ourselves to live in the world of Nineteen Eighty-Four . Orwell 's `` fiction '' of a world in which , but for a lingering echo , individuality had all but passed into extinction , could have been set in any time or place where `` massmindedness '' is paramount and where the individual exists merely to serve the group . Throughout history , most religions have preached , most governments have practiced and most societies have been organized around such `` massmindedness '' . It is only the calendar which might confuse and comfort us , which might convince us that Nineteen Eighty-Four was merely a gruesome story about a time and place that never was nor could ever be . But nothing is further from the truth . And the simple truth is that Nineteen Eighty-Four is NOW.In Nineteen Eighty-Four , there are no heroes , except as an idea , an ideal may be said to be a hero . All of its characters are exceedingly human , and this is what makes Nineteen Eighty-Four both timely and timeless , both powerful and profoundly pathetic . Nineteen Eighty-Four is often upsetting , sometimes disheartening , but , when its main lesson is learned , never depressing . It is fundamentally a story of hope , of a truth which can be discovered -LRB- although too late for all concerned -RRB- ; a truth which can be seen by us and taken as not only our ideal , but as the practical guide by which , to a greater or lesser extent , we can avoid the very pitfalls which consumed Winston and Julia and O'Brien and Big Brother , and liberate ourselves from the tyrany and ultimate destructiveness of the group and its massminded stranglehold on our minds , our hearts and our souls.Nineteen Eighty-Four is a simple story of faith wrongly placed . Winston Smith , its main character , searches to escape the suffocating and oppressive world manipulated by and for a ruling group , The Party . He believes that he is seeking a political , a social solution with which he can combat , can destroy the evil of group-think and the `` massmindedness '' in which he lives . Instead , he finds the most exquisitely human , individual `` weapon '' with which to pursue his salvation
 I just read this book for the firdt time -LRB- May 2003 -RRB- . Although it was written in the 1950 's , one should not underestimate its relevance . This is a powerful work that shows what could have happened in Western Europe if WWIII actually happened . You become Winston -LRB- the main character -RRB- and you can identify with his life , which consists of a horribly boring job at the `` Ministry of Truth '' and who is , along with every other human being on Earth , is constantly watched by the Thought Police , which also bans all resistance tools . You become aware of the struggle that is Winston 's -LRB- main character -RRB- desire to get away -LRB- with Julia -RRB- from the all-oppresssive Total Government Control of all aspects of human life . I would suggest this book as required reading for everyone ... Big Brother is Watching You ... The imagery and horror say it all .
 George Orwell 's 1984 shows us what he believed the future would be like if mankind did not change and socialism increased . This dark tale tells of a world where Big Brother is constantly watching you , and any act that could come even close to disobeying the Party , meant you were eliminated -- which meant , not only were you never heard from again , but you were actually being erased from all records and memories , so that you never even existed.The Party has absolute control over all types of media and print , and in effect , the lives of everyone . Their slogan is `` Who controls the past , controls the future
 1984 is a novel about a futuristic society in London where every one and every thing is totally controlled by the government . An entity known as `` Big Brother '' embodies the state and commands absoloute obedience and religious devotion from the populace ; he is considered to be all-powerful and all-knowing . This represents the worst possible outcome for future , technocratic , materialistic and relativistic society
 My city , Bloomington , Indiana , chose `` 1984 '' to read this year for its One City One Book event this spring . In 2002 we read `` A Lesson Before Dying , '' also a wonderful book , but this year , the organizing committee let the citizens vote from a list of nominees . We selected `` 1984 . '' As part of the National Library Week celebration last week the Indiana University librarians sponsored a discussion `` 1984 '' at our Lilly Library , which houses our rare books and special collections , including some Orwell material . The discussion was led by an emeritus English professor ; he introduced the discussion with three themes/questions he found to be interesting . The discussion took off from his excellent introduction . I urge other communities to select this book to read and discuss . It is a darkly compelling novel that lends itself to many approaches and interpretations . Thus , it is a fabulous book to read and discuss with others . In fact , as I read , I could n't wait to hear what other people thought about the book . It 's a love story and a thriller . It 's a political treatise and a rumination on totalitarianism . As other reviewers have said , against the backdrop of the war with Iraq , it is timely . But it is also timeless . The themes and issues explored in `` 1984 '' will be relevant every year . I could n't put it down !
 ... cause its happening!For the people how have n't read the book or are unsure if they should read it please take my recommendation and READ IT NOW . I promise you that you will be stunned how frightning and amazing this book really is .
 WOW ! The images in this book will stay with you for a long time . Depressing and Uplifting at the same time , this book is a must read , especially if you want to avoid our own future turning into the picture that Orwell paints here . This book is read in high schools all over the nation for a reason
 In this gripping , horrifying novel , Winston Smith -LRB- a citizen of totalitarian Oceania -RRB- dares to be defiant in private , against Big Brother , against the Upper Class , against everything . Along side his forbidden love Julia Winston works toward his goal of destroying Big Brother . He does n't realize no one can end the reign of Big Brother . A terrifying gaze into the life of citizens in a totalitarian communist government , 1984 deserves all the hype and praise it gets . In the words of Winston Smith , `` DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER ! ''
 While George Orwell felt that the time of totalitarian rule and the state as unanswerable monolith would be the latter twentieth century , the twenty-first century actually represents a better time for a slightly different version of the timeline he would suggest.The technological capability of monitoring almost every single household within a given area is here now , although most people voluntarily share themselves with the world via WebCam . It is not a far-fetched idea , in terms of cost or engineering , to monitor the civilian population of an entire country for illegal behavior . For a small fee , you can purchase your credit history and address from online companies who have no reason to have such information , and nothing bars them from sharing it with anyone who pays that fee.Regardless of advances in fiber-optic communications , _ 1984 _ is first and foremost a story about government that acts solely to perpetuate its own dominance , and this century offers as many opportunities for that as past centuries . Given enough pretext by a state of war or economic collapse , the individual has no real chance against an organized enemy with the power to oversee every aspect of his life . If print journalism and its less scrupulous cousin in television fails to call for an accounting of government actions outside the vision of the individual , then the government can move with impunity against the individual.Is this paranoia ? The modern and well-educated American society that won the Second World War allowed a alcoholic senator named Joseph McCarthy to destroy private lives with unsupported accusations , ending only with his accusation of Secretary of State and former Chief of Staff of the Army George Marshall , entirely too respected for the accusation to pass unanswered . It would not happen in this current political climate , but I suggest that it takes a lot less than you might believe to push government prerogative closer to totalitarian authority.With all that said about its cautionary value , _ 1984 _ is one of the most clearly written novels in the English language , and a model for anyone who wants to write with economy and power . It and its companion piece by Huxley , _ Brave New World _ , should be read by everyone interested in protecting themselves against the worst that social organization and technological progress can offer .
 I adore George Orwell 's works ! He is a master of the satire , and can convey humanity 's greatest fears in his masterful storytelling . 1984 was no exception . it could be called a `` what if '' book , to show the state of the world had such and such occurred , a world where freedom is lost and hope , and love , and all that is left is power , for power 's sake . In this desperate setting , Winston falls in love with Julia , both of them members of the party which occupies itself with total control . surrounded by posters , telescreens , all reminding that Big Brother is wathing , the two hold onto their love . When they are captured , however , Winston is victim to terrible tortures , ending in his renouncing his love , having been forever altered in mind and body , a pure minion of the party without emotion for the remainder of his life .
 The author has come very close to predicting the future , but we still have a long way to go.A very interesting story built around the future . Although 1984 has come and gone , the future of cameras watching our every move is very possible.As the war in Kosovo proved , some tactics are not just fiction .
 I recall the flurry of TV and print documentaries that appeared in 1984 , all striving to answer the question `` How close are we ? '' I thought that generally they missed the point.Yes , Orwell 's classic was ostensibly about Totalitarianism , but on a deeper level , it is all about control . ` He who controls the past , controls the present ' is Orwell 's brilliant insight . And , as such , his thesis is applicable to an astonishlingly wide variety of modern situations.How do ... religious leaders get their followers to blindly accept everything they say ? Simple application of doublethink , though policing and control of information . How do modern conglomerates get away with collecting and selling your personal information ? Tell you that its all for your own protection , that 's how .1984 is a brilliant , timeless book . It explores the strange quirks of human psychology that make it inevitable that we will always be controlled . And , to this day , it still sounds a prescient warning .
 This book had a profound effect on me . It showed me how all thought is subjective , and showed me the fear of a totalitarian society . If you ever have the time of day , please read this book . And remember , two and two makes five ...
 1984 should be read by all , in fact this and Animal Farm should be required reading in every single classroom in America . My God how this book is important ! Everyone should read it for the knowledge it provides and the warnings it puts forth .
 Fantastic book ... definitely on my favorite list . Orwell 's allegorical vision of the ultimate totalitarian government and the twisted utopia that it creates is amazing in its unapologetic realism . Dark and absorbing , it 's a simply beautiful piece and a definite must-read .
 Yes , this book is , indeed , prophetical , but I beleive Orwell was also trying to show us that we are already blinded by our society and government . He chose to have Winston have the same way of thinking that your average , modern American Joe Blow would have , and then show you at the end how the rest of society thinks.Look deep within yourself and you will see that you are caught up in the materialistic madness . Orwell is n't a pessimist ; he is a realist.Beautifully poetic , classical , and polital read . If you have not read this book , then buy it . Now . It is ABSOLUTELY , ABSOLUTELY a must read .
 Wow . I couldnt , and still cant , believe how amazing this book was . It is truly a masterpiece . Of course , what i think is a masterpiece might not end up being one for you.I realized during my read of this book that i felt really attached to it because of my own personal experiences ... my own university background -LRB- political studies -RRB- . To me , this book is a searing critique of the modern human condition ... of modern society . When i read through these pages i found an author that was describing what was going on around us
 It 's nearly impossible to overstate the importance of this book . In all the discussion about its influence on modern thought , however , the fact that it 's a fantastically good read is often overlooked . Orwell 's characters are crisply drawn and the world they inhabit startlingly real.Certainly it 's one of the most important novels of the 20th century ; just do n't forget that it 's also one of the best .
 there is a reason that this novel is still considered cutting-edge .
 Despite the extremity with which orwell depicts this totalitarian state , this story speaks at a much smaller level as well . in a day and age where brainwashing among civilized countries is ignored despite its presence , this is an important novel . Studies have shown how humans , like chimps , end up gaining a following when in a dominant position in society . only 1984 shows how humans take it to the extreme . Of course this novel does use exaggeration to stress its point . And it does so quite effectively , I might add . The end is fantastic , a climax that is the culmination of Smith 's life .
 `` War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is Strength `` George Orwell dives into the Depths of communist society , and sees through the eyes of Winston Smith , an aging man and a member of `` The Party '' of the country of Oceania . A series of events leads Winston to the love of his life , Julia , and they both plan to join a resistance against the Party . But Winston finds out that you ca n't trust anyone in a communist society.Orwell did an excellent job of placing the reader in the center of the lies that is the communist government . His writing style is captivating and everything about the book is realistic and believable , everything from the brainwashing of children to the technology that was available . The book is filled with interesting twists and turns in the plot that keep the reader engrossed in an excellently told story . I found it very difficult to put this book down once I picked it up . I almost found myself awaiting the moment that I could read it again , which was a surprise . I had heard that this book was a boring political commentary , but it was far from that.Orwell slips in views on the human spirit , testing it 's limits , and eventually stating that everyone has a breaking point . The dark ending to this haunting image of the future cast from his imagination back in 1949 , still holds true to what people can observe in mankind today.One can can be thoroughly entertained while being enlightened at the same time . All in all 1984 is a book worth reading . Also , a short novel for younger readers I suggest is THE LOSERS CLUB by Richard Perez
 Reading this book was a thrilling experience ... Especially `` The Manifest '' ...
 This book is a great read . It has one of the most powerful endings to any book I have ever read . Not quite as good as A Brave New World in my eyes , but close . The plot basically centers around two people 's personal rebellion agains the now infamous `` Big Brother '' . Any serious reader should have not only read this book , but should have it in their library . No matter how much time passes since it was written , it is still a relevant book .
 A review of this book seems totally unnecessary , but why not ? Of course , it is wonderful , and seems more relevant with each passing year . I prefer some of Orwell 's earlier works though , and suprisingly , `` Burmese Tales '' is my favorite , because it reveals Orwell 's personality better than books like 1984 .
 Orwell is great . 1984 tells the tale of society 30 years into the future from when Orwell actually wrote the book . The fact that he was able to see or know how things could be 30 years later and with so much detail and complexity is awesome . And I mean with extraoridary detail ! Concepts of `` Newspeak '' and `` Doublethink '' are phenominal . You get into the main character and you start to cheer for him . You too want him to crack the system . The book may possibly get a bit slow or a touch wordy towards the end however I think it 's necessary . 1984 can be a brain buster if you free you mind and let yourself understand and follow all that takes place . Your brain will definately get a good workout trying to understand `` Newspeak '' and the structure of `` Big Brother '' . It is fun ! I highly recommend this book . It stands as a warning to us all . Freedom is perhaps the greatest concept we know , it would be devistating if we forgot it!Big Brother claims , `` Freedom is Slavery '' or `` Slavery is Freedom '' , `` War is Peace '' and `` Strenth is Power '' . What do you think ?
 i write this is response to the reviews stating such things as `` down with communism '' and `` freedom demands inequality , orwell understood this '' . orwell was , himself , a social democrat . 1984 , while being a brilliant novel and political commentry , is not really a critique of communism in it 's pure form , nor of socialism and equality . it is a tirade against totalitarianism , orthodoxy and overpowerful government .
 george oewells greates book ever . showa the up and downs of totalitarianism u have to read it .
 Of course , all the comments are correct . Nineteen Eighty-Four is a marvelous book , but should n't one always begin a sentence with a word and not a number ? Should not we say
 George Orwell 's 1984 is really brilliant . It warns about how life can be when a totalitarian power is exerted over people . Orwell wrote this book when totalitarism was identified with comunism , fascism and national-socialism . But today we know that an apparently democratic government can use mass media , TV , doublethinking and ignorance to gain and increase its power . 1984 is not a prophecy but a warning about the evilness of power and its consequences over individuals and society .
 Does freedom bring happiness ? Or does happiness come from control ? These are the central themes of the great novel 1984 , by George Orwell . In this novel , the reader follows Winston , through the futuristic world controlled by a group of people known as The Party . Winston works as a writer for the Ministry of Truth , where his job is to alter historical documents in favor of the Party , a common task that no one thinks poorly of . However , Winston feels that he 's being lied to . The reader follows him as he strikes out to find out what freedom and happiness really is , and whether the Party is just.Orwell provides us with a shocking look at what the future may become . Even today , the United States government is taking steps towards becoming a `` Big Brother . '' With laws such as the Patriot Act , and No Child Left Behind , the government is slowly taking control of our freedoms . Perhaps , this novel 's greatness is that it strikes close to home . Via remarkable characters that one can easily relate to , Orwell provides the reader a clear view of this futuristic world , both its marvels and flaws and provides a sense of realism into the piece . The reader wants to know why this form of living has come about and whether or not it is the right thing . Can people be happy free on their own ? Must people be told how to live to attain this freedom ? One must read to find out . Perhaps there is reason after all behind one of the Party 's slogans
 If you have read Fahrenheit 451 , then you would see the similarities between the two for the fact that they do this
 Winston Smith is an average working class single male living in a futuristic metropolitan area . He lives in a place called Oceania . It is a place where government rules over all . Winston works for the government but is a lower rank . The cultural society that the government has built is structured and made up of various parts . The inner party is the highest , which contains their deity like ruler , big brother . Big brother supposedly has his eye on everything . The party is also anti-love and pro-abstinence . Can an average man who works for the governing party ever break free and do his own will . You find out as the story unfolds.Winston starts rebelling by committing such a seemingly small crime as , writing in a diary . He knows that one day the thought crime police will catch him . Yes , they do have a police force that imprisons people based on what they are thinking or saying . In this city each home is equipped with a t.v. looking screen that is the tool that the party observes and watches all the citizens every move in the so called privacy of their houses . The party has one slogan that is most famous `` War is peace , Freedom is Slavery , Ignorance is strength '' . The party uses all its resources to be constantly getting rid of history . For example , there is a department of the party where all they do is burn old newspapers or other paraphernalia that are written in English . They abolish words that are unnecessary to them . A new language has even been made , its called newspeak . They rewrite history according to what big brother commands . In this society they have even trained kids to turn in their parents to the police if they commit a crime . There is no hiding from the law in this tri-state . Oceania is constantly at war with one of the other tri-states . War is very prominent in this culture . The party thrives on the way that people react to the news of being a war . It makes them easier to control.One day , Winston notices a female in the room . He daydreams about being with her . Winston starts to have feelings for her . This is also an illegal action . To love and to make love are both against the law . He looks for her hoping that he will see her at lunch . She sits by him one day and they must talk very secretly because there is a screen in the room that monitors them and they are not allowed to talk . He finds that she likes him as well . Her name is Julia . They conspire about some way to be together and not get caught . Can they be together and not be caught by their government ? Are all these wars legitimate or are they a device of the inner party ? Read the story to ease your suspense.This book fairly moderate moving in that it really never stops with nothing going on . It is definitely an intellectuals novel . It is a hair raising book . It is one of those books that you like to relate to your present world . This book is still just as much alive as it was fifty years age . Orwell 's 1984 will have you so in much suspense to know what will happen with Julia and him and the party that you may not be able to put this book down . I highly recommend this novel . It is one of the greats that will get you thinking more than usual .
 Ok how many students actually enjoy reading books are assigned in English class ? Usually I do n't find the books that I 'm required to read for school interesting , but this year there was one exception . As I read this book on my back deck I really began to take a look at society and wonder where we were headed . Nobody really knows what the future holds , but maybe the ideas from George Orwell 's 1984 are n't to far from reality.The book introduces the reader to the main character , Winston Smith , and the dismal , totalitarian world in which he lives . While attempting to discover the truth Winston is constantly under the terror-filled scrutiny of the telescreens , thought police , and the omnipotent ruler , Big Brother . Winston encounters many different people , including Julia who secretly rejects society as well . Winston and Julia develop a very intimate relationship as they try to reveal the flaws and evils in the totalitarian system . Is there really a constant war going on between Eurasia and Eastasia ? Why does the government claim that the economy is better than ever when Winston does n't have decent shoes to eat or real food ? And what actually happens to the people who mysteriously disappear , their named eradicated from all records in one night?All these questions kept me wrapped up in the book . I was always wondering what would happen next . I would definitely recommend this book . Orwell does an excellent . job of developing the character so you relate to and cheer on Winston and Julia and hate the rest of the totalitarian society . This novel made me realize that I would go crazy in a world that lacked individuality and privacy , and I wondered if the future would become anything like the world of 1984 .
 1 . Looking at so many things in nature one tends to find a Gaussian distribution curve . The majority of people stand in the center and a much smaller number are the outliers . There is nothing good or bad about either form of existence ! It 's just the way it is . The point is that the outliers usually have an intrinsic urge to be bidirectional thinkers whereas the middle is usually unidirectional for a large number of issues . However one must remember that such generalizations are okay for a bird 's eye view and for crude statistics only but may not do justice to any given individual ! The key question is regarding the fence sitters who really deserve to see from both the point of view of the outliers as well as conventional wisdom so that they can make up their mind as to how they wish to live their lives as also so very clearly portrayed in `` Brave New World '' .2 . Should politics have any thing to do with this ? One would think not . As long as there are humans there will always be the right and the left and the center ... and the scales of the balance will probably keep oscillating back and forth as generations go by .3 . Where does the genesis of hatred lie ? Could it possibly be fear or lack of understanding of another viewpoint ? 4 . How would one define unfair justice ? Well , when one fails to implicate someone on the grounds that they were tried and then searches deeper to find other issues on which one can be in a manner of speaking - be punished .5 . Someone once said of someone that he or she is crazy dreaming his life away . He kept watching the wheels go round and round ! If only they would understand the words of wisdom in letting it be ! 6 . Ca n't all religions coexist in harmony ? Would n't the world be a better place to live in ? 7 . A smart psychiatrist is one who treats people who need their help - those who may be at a risk of either hurting themselves or others . A not so smart psychiatrist is one who seeks to expand the already massive and ever expanding DSM-IV ! 8 . Why do people like to stare into other peoples lives ? Is n't it a form of voyeurism ? What if they stared into their own lives a little deeper . They would certainly become better persons , would n't they ? 9 . Someone once said something to the effect that they sometimes do n't have control over their thoughts but nevertheless remain fully responsible for their actions in terms of affecting others or even themselves in the long run . There is no other way a civilized society can exist and survive .10 . There was someone who said something like he or she need not be old to be wise .11 . Someone one believed that immoral actions are those that hurt others either physically or emotionally .
 I read a lot of books . I rarely read a book more than once . I read this three times . It is hard to imagine a better book - inspiring and depressing at the same time ! The satire is overwhelming . I do not think a person is truly educated if he or she has not read this book . It taught me to hate totalitarianism and it reinforced my love of freedom . This book will be read a thousand years from now .
 This book is chilling and eye opening . It 's one of the best books I have ever read . I highly suggest it .
 1984 is very unique . The whole story is about a man named Winston Smith , who starts to have questions in his mind about the totalitarian government that he has always known and lived with . As is typical of Orwell novels , 1984 is about one man who is all alone in the world , who tries to break away from conformity.The world that Orwell has created in this novel , called Oceania , is so very different from our own , that it is almost impossible to imagine . The Party is in power , and they can `` vaporize '' anyone who they even suspect of `` thoughtcrime '' -LRB- thinking things contrary to the Party 's beliefs -RRB- . The main figure of the government of Oceania is Big Brother . The term `` Big Brother is watching you '' comes from posters that the Party put up all over in the book.This novel makes you realize just how precious the freedoms we have are . I would recomend this book to anyone interested in politcal fiction . But a word of caution , this book is not very cheerful or uplifting , so this is not a book to read if your not in the mood for something depressing .
 I 'm amazed at the technical predictions in this book . I do think fortunately we will not produce a future society so blah and uncreative . As far as big brother , well it may happen but I 'm pretty certain it wont be like this or so intrusive to our regular lives . Just look at normal everyday people in your life and you 'll know we will never be like the eerie people in this book . I do n't think most of the story in the book Utopian Reality will happen either , but its scientific predictions were really incredible as well . I did thoroughly enjoy the different perspective of 1984 . I guess I also read dis-utopian kind of books because it makes me live my life with a smile , knowing I would never allow myself nor my children to become so bleak and cause I know many other people share the same feelings .
 Not many authors have written a novel as excellent as 1984 that affected the political world as well . George Orwell set a new standard for sci-fi writing with this book , in which he writes his vision of the future if Communism had continued to rise . 1984 was not only written as a captivating novel , but as a warning . When George Orwell wrote the book in 1949 , World War II had just ended and Communism was beginning to dig its roots into Europe . Orwell , having seen the effects of Communism first-hand , decided that he needed to show what the future could be if the world was not careful . The political message lies in the portrayal of life in the future in an advanced Communist society . Surrounding the message is a captivating novel that intrigues all readers even after the Communist era has passed . Orwell describes a society that lived in poverty . The citizens knew of nothing except austerity because no information could enter the country without government approval . An average citizen , Winston Smith , began to understand how corrupt the government had become . Knowing too much was a crime ; Winston was in danger of being arrested for thought-crime . How could Winston possibly fight a governmental system on which he himself depended ? Once a warning , 1984 has now become a reminder of what can happen in a society in which the government has too much control .
 1984 is undoubtedly one of the most devestating books ever written in English . When Orwell writes Big Brother into power he gives him absolute reign over the population . Now , citizens must not only mouth approval of the status quo , but also truly approve in heart and mind . The novel not only faces the realities of governmental imposition on the economy , media , and personal lives of its citizens , addressing such real-life and very current issues as censorship , control of the press , and sexual freedom , but it also speaks of the oppression of the conscious , rational mind over the creative vision of the artist . The subjugation of the masses serves as a large scale representation of the battle between the artist and society , and ultimately , the artist and himself . Winston spends much of the book working to uncover the truth . He seeks to separate the actual truth -LRB- if such does exist -RRB- from the invented while he sits at his job churning out pages of manufactured history . In his home he sits , bent and fearful , just outside of Big Brother 's gaze writing his thoughts at the end of the day , trying to hold on to some hint of the world as he percieves it . Even his romance with Julia is an attempt to claim some hold on the world as he lies in bed with her and asks whether it is possible that anyone else has ever felt as he does . While Winston is the artist , Juliea is the muse . She represents the artist longing to complete himself , the male and the female joining in fruitful creation . She acts as his audience and his artistic peer . I can not recommend this book enough , as a classic , as a terrifying view of government gone wrong , and ultimately as the struggle of an artist to find a free exchange of thoughts and ideas between himself and the world and his conscious and unconsious mind .
 I lived almost whole my life in the system like this.In Czechoslovakia it was not the worst , but there was no light at the end of the tunnel.And it could hepped to all of us with a little help from our Big Brother on the East.We are lucky , but this book have to be in every school.We were so close to the hell ... now we are free again.Thank you Mr.Orwell
 In order to fully appreciate this novel , the ideal mindset has to be the circa , 1949 , when the book was published . When compared to the present day , one would have to ask themselves , what kind of world do we really live in . The powers that be must have read the work as if to make the controlling `` Big Brother '' a reality . Definitely a must read for those wanting to have an idea of Control Theory , Social Psychology and the implications of Nationalism and the effect on society . Definitively ahead of his time in a frightening way .
 Whether you enjoy science fiction or not , Orwell 's 1984 is a must read . Orwell writes like Monet paints , in that his description of 1984 is opaque yet colorful , mysterious , and beautiful.Throughout 1984 , the reader follows Winston Smith , who lives in Airstrip One . The world is subdivided into three major super powers . Winston lives in Oceana , which is run by Big Brother . Three ministries govern Oceana
 What amazes me more than anything about this book is the author 's ability , when he wrote the book back in the 1940s , to predict and describe the Obama administration.So if you want to learn how the Democratic Party has fallen from the `` Ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country '' days of J.F.K to the present Obama administration which preaches to just sit on your fat bu * t , let others work , and then take their stuff -- then read this book . It is uncanny.By the way , socialism does n't work . Remember the Soviet Union ? Remember East Germany ?
 The more I have been following events relating to the election of Barack H Obama , the more I see 1984 as becoming a very real possibility , but from a leftwing standpoint this time .
 1984 should be required reading for any thinking person . Not only is the base story line compelling and thought provoking as a lesson on the more obvious problems presented in Orwell 's dystopia , the ideas and thoughts presented through such things as the book the `` resistance '' reads are extremely relavent to today 's world . The view of the military-industrial complex and how it helped lead to the society shown are amazingly prescient of how many industrialized nations are conducting business in modern society .
 This is one piece of fiction that is too close to a potential reality . Of course , because it is fiction there are slight exaggerations , but overall this novel takes you into a world that is actually in the past . When reading this novel , keep asking yourself is this possible ? If you say no , perhaps it is . Telescreens -- > television?This novel is one that will awaken your senses , yet , you may not find yourself smiling . It is a serious read , but one that gets you to think and question .
 This book is a must read and is # 1 on my list of books !!
 I 've been meaning to read this one for years and finally got around to it . I 'm glad I did . Orwell warns about totalitarian control of the masses through revisionist history , perversion of the meaning of words , and relativism . While the urgency of his warning may have diminished with the fall of totalitarian communism , it 's still relevant today in ways Orwell might not have anticipated . When I hear phrases like `` abortion ` clinic ' '' -LRB- one goes to a `` clinic '' when one is sick -RRB- or see the illogic behind radical Islam in action , I see that Big Brother 's means of mind control and subjugation is not necessarily dead .
 I was reading many of the reviews on this book -LRB- I usually start with the lowest ratings as they often have something to say other than `` I just loved it '' then move to the fours stars and down -RRB- and was amazed not by the number of poor responseses -LRB- there are long sretches of boredom associated with this book -RRB- but with the reasoning . Anyone who thinks this an unrealistic depiction of the possible future -LRB- or of the present -RRB- is living in a cute little fantasy world . Sure we do n't have two way T.V. monitors in our living room ordering us to do knee bends , but at least in the book those monitoring devices were n't always monitored . The odds where , given human limits when the book was written , that the observers were observing others . Now the computer can record everything . This does change things a little . In orwells world if you were naughty you might be seen so they can stop you , now if you are suspected of having been naughty your phone records , bank transactions , hardrive , medical records , etc , can be pulled up in a day . The level of propaganda is just as bad as Orwell predicted -LRB- notice that while a -LRB- very -RRB- few media outlets have commented on the reasons that the U.S. is a world pariah the only thing the governmnt has to say is that the bad guys are evil and hate us . I guess it is just the nature of bad guys to hate as opposed to reaacting to real greivences -RRB- and the attempt to limit free speech have become absurd -LRB- I think some guy in the news awhile back got in trouble for using the world `` niggerdly '' because , with no entomological connection , it ` sounded kinda like ' a disfavored word -LRB- remember to buy your lady trinkets instead of jewelry this year -RRB- -RRB- . And if you do n't think our prisons are as bad as depicted in the book read any of the reports put out by any of the non-US NGO 's that look in to such things . Consider all the recent restirction on civil liberties in response to the terrorist attact . The Justice department `` needs '' these new powers to protect us from the immediate threat but they had a hissy fit over a five year sunset cluase . Why ? If the threat still existed the bill could be renewed , if it was passed it would have to be overturned . Hardly seems like they were acting in good faith.So , read 1984 , read the `` patriot act , '' ignore what the conspiracy nuts say , ignore what the government says , and see what the staus of your rights , freedom , and privacy are now . -LRB- you will also find that you can be hauled in to prison with no real reason or recourse so you better not complain too loudly if you do n't like what you find -RRB-
 I think I first read `` 1984 '' when I was about 10 , twenty-odd years ago . I still have my old copy of it , a now highly tatty and heavily-taped-up Penguin edition . I remember wondering if it would come true in four years time and being a bit worried about it.The thing about `` 1984 '' is that it 's such a weird bouillabaisse of critical analysis , dystopian fantasy and Orwell 's own personal obsessions . All of these things bounce off each other in the most tangled and confusing ways . There 's no doubt that many of the features of the book , such as the Two Minutes Hate , have proved to be chillingly funny prophecies , when you compare them to contemporary media phenomena such as the preposterous reversal of Saddam Hussein 's public image in the West when he made the big mistake of invading a friendly country -LRB- from stern Friend of Democracy to swarthy Satan in a matter of weeks , thanks to a lot of hard work by the American press -RRB- . Newspeak , also , has a certain currency , when we think of such phrases as `` friendly fire '' and `` precision bombing '' . But it has to be said that , if you 're looking for a clear and rational book about What , as Marvin Gaye would have said , is Goin ' On , then you have to conclude that Orwell 's genius for fantasy overrode his intelligence . This book is suffused with Orwell 's own personal attitudes to a degree not often recognised . The utter inability of Winston Smith to find any real hope in the proles has been belied by the persistence into the 21st century of popular dissent . I 'm talking about things like the WTO riots and the use made of the internet -LRB- a technology developed chiefly by the Pentagon , remember -RRB- as a tool for political critique and activist organisation . I 'm even talking about the Romanian revolution , in which one of the most downtrodden peoples in Europe rose up and deposed - by which I mean , arrested and shot - one of the worst dictators of the century.Orwell 's fatalistic sense of the _ totality _ of evil is what 's bad about the book , if you 're looking for clear answers and good thoughts , but on the other hand , if you read the book not as a dire warning but as a satire , it 's what 's _ good _ about it . The pompous lectures of O'Brien read more like the ramblings of a Sade character than as an authentic account of what it is to want power at the turn of these centuries . The evidence is that most of the really powerful and dangerous people in the world are not like O'Brien , in that they are n't in it for the dubious pleasure of `` stamping on the human face forever '' . They 're in it for money , sex and the thrill of feeling important . This makes them vulnerable . This means they can be stopped.The other thing that we tend to notice about `` 1984 '' is the pervasive nostalgia of the book . Orwell was not just born in to the middle-class ; one some pretty deep level , and despite his truly heroic efforts to change , he was marked by its values and attitudes to the end of his life , and while this gave him great strength , it also narrowed and sharpened his imagination . The points of value in this book are the old notebook , the half-forgotten nursery rhymes , the piece of coral in the ancient paperweight . Nothing new is good . Things fall apart as soon as bought -LRB- the Victory cigarette -RRB- . This narrowness of imagination can seem to spoil the book , but _ only _ as long as we expect it to be some sort of honest effort to imagine life in the future . I sometimes wonder if Orwell meant people to take `` 1984 '' as seriously as they do . I think it 's a brilliant , very blackly comic fantasy , something Swift might have written if he 'd lived to see the concentration camps -LRB- and do n't forget that Orwell wrote eloquently and wittily about Swift ; check out the essays and war broadcasts -RRB- . I 'm still glad I read it 20 years ago , and I still read it today . As a book about the importance of a life without dirt , bad cigarettes , horrible food and awful TV , it ca n't be beat . As a ground plan for Media Studies , it 's superb . As a prophecy ? Hmmm . No . It 's a satire . Take it as gospel and you 'll be crushed under its wheels ; take it as a dark joke , and you can gain strength from it .
 This book used to be required reading . It 's the scariest book I ever read and it 's becoming scarier as time goes on . Orwell was a true prophet of where we are headed ; his timing was just off . While the book has London as its setting , the story could take place anywhere in the world . Despite the American Founders ' best plans , America is heading in the direction of Orwell 's 1984 world , tiny tiny bit at a time.The book is well written and reads fast . If you love America , you owe it to yourself to read this book . If you have n't read it and do n't intend to , you are probably sticking your head in the sand , hoping things will be OK anyway .
 1984 is , quite simply , one of my favorite books . I first read it when selecting a book for a high school English class project , and have re-read it every few years ever since . George Orwell 's 1949 novel never fails to move me , scare me , worry me , or draw me in . This reading , I listened to it on audiobook for the first time , an experience I highly recommend.As most know , 1984 is a dystopian novel - the English language dystopian novel to many -LRB- one of these days , I 've got to read Russian author Yevgeny Zamyatin 's We , which preceded 1984 -RRB- . Set in the oppressive future of 1984 in London , the major city of Airstrip One -LRB- formerly England -RRB- , the novel chronicles the efforts of everyman Winston Smith to defy the omnipotent ruling Party of Oceania , the principles of Ingsoc -LRB- English Socialism -RRB- , and - most especially - the ever-present , omniscient gaze of Big Brother , the symbol and embodiment of the system itself.Smith begins to rebel in various ways , in particular with his lover Julia . Merely loving anyone but Big Brother is itself a crime . Winston and Julia carry on their relationship , both out of feelings for each other and to break the rules they despise . Eventually , of course , they are arrested by the Thought Police , since - after all - Big Brother Is Watching . Taken to the Ministry of Love for re-education , Winston learns what the Party is really after.Many of the elements of the novel have become concerns for modern times , especially with technological innovations that have made Orwell 's science fiction science reality . Surveillance , censorship , perpetual war , manufactured patriotism , control of the language , exploitation of the middle classes . Orwell drew much of his inspiration from the Soviet Union , but it 's easy to find examples of all these concerns in the front page of your local newspaper on a daily basis.As much as the technology is terrifying , the truly disturbing part of 1984 is in the mind of our hero , Winston . His struggle to remain himself while being both figuratively and literally , mentally and physically , beaten down by the apparatus of the party is gut-wrenching , as is the final result of the struggle . The last line of the book is one of - perhaps the most - powerful I 've ever read.As I stated above , this was the first time I 've listened to 1984 as an audiobook . I listened to Blackstone Audio 's 2007 production , narrated by Simon Prebble . Prebble is a favorite of mine , and he 's at his best here . There 's a certain gravity to Prebble 's voice that invests his work with a power that , while enjoyable in other books , is vital here to reflect the spirit of the novel . Winston 's struggles , hopes , sufferings , all are brought to vivid , grim life by Prebble 's strong narration . I highly recommend Prebble 's reading to anyone looking to listen to 1984 . The production runs approximately 11.5 hours .1984 is a classic . I can not recommend Orwell 's masterpiece enough . Though 1984 has come and gone , Orwell 's powerful warning remains timeless .
 Working my way through NPR 's list of the `` Top 100 Science Fiction , Fantasy Books , '' I eventually came to George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four , widely recognized as one of the best books of the last century . Although I was not a huge fan ofAnimal Farmas far as reading for entertainment , I was able to recognize the importance of the book when viewing the message , and the genius behind Orwell 's story , an idea which had never been approached before . Nineteen Eighty-Four contains the same structure , although presented as dystopian fiction rather than satire.Reading the book 60 years after it was published , it is hard to fathom that Orwell could have such a prescient view on society , even well after the titular year on which his story is based . Ideas and themes surrounding an oligarchy that takes control of society through fear and compliance might sound alien to today 's readers , until really examined against the political structure of several current dictatorships . Although Nineteen Eighty-Four did n't keep me on the edge of my seat like today 's traditional `` science fiction '' novel , the concept of it and the time it was written will resonate well after the final chapter . This is one of those rare novels that engages the reader in thought not only during the story but for years afterwards as well . Although I would not recommend it to anyone as an `` airplane read , '' it does deserve its place atop the list of Science Fiction 's Best and is required reading for any fan of dystopian fiction.Edit
 This is one of the most chilling books I have ever read because there is no escape and even Winston 's dreams of the `` Golden Country '' are finally lost to him as Big Brother invades the last sanctuary -- his mind and his soul .
 I read this years ago in college and today it is more topical than ever . Should be read by every american .
 That 's not why you should read this edition , since any good copy of 1984 is going to feel like a poignant precursor to the mess we live in now -LRB- as for those machine mentioned in a recent review , I do n't think that 's the problem
 His forecast -LRB- in 1948 -RRB- that over-efficiency of machines would eventually undo supply and demand economics came true in Fall 2008 when it suddenly became apparent there are too many car companies producing too many cars . With not enough wars to take up the slack every manufacturing job is now under threat . In Oceania FEAR of competing economies -LRB- and terrorists -RRB- paralyses the confidence and asperations of the middle-class -LRB- the Outer Party -RRB- . None of which concerns members of the Inner Party . Not as once surmized politicians or dictators but the BANKING ELITE . As faceless bankers can make or break the fortunes of billions of proles around the globe it is they who have assumed the mantle of unlimited uncontrollable POWER.Can there now be any doubt , with the disintegration of General Motors , his prognosis that machines would lead to social unrest rather than increase communal wealth was finally proven 100 % correct - 60 years later - in 2008 ?
 On of the best and prophetic novels ever written about the descent into dehumanizing socialism .
 It feels a bit hard to add my thoughts about this much discussed masterpiece but I will do the best I can . 1984 tells us of a -LRB- not so -RRB- distant future where all our thoughts and actions are watched by fascist leaders . We follow our anti-hero Winston throiugh a journey of discovery and rebellion . To say more would spoil the fun of this book . This book is a thriller for the thinking mind . Do these leaders actually exist or is it all a sham ? Will Winston succeed ? It also raises questions towards our modern world in which there are cameras almost everywhere and in which we are constantly using newspeak do n't u think ? -LRB- hehe -RRB- A great pessimistic work . Though it is realist in the context of the dictatorship it describes . Also note the theme of the liberating woman which has been used many times in literature notably in `` We '' by Zamiatine -LRB- a precursor to Orwell -RRB- . I could say much more but I have a feeling everything I 've already said has been said over and over again . So just read it and join the revolution of the masses .
 A great book , depressing , but great . 1984 is very well-written , and it is unique . Unlike most books written in 1949 about 1984 , it is not about people traveling by jet-packs . It explores a world controlled by the government in every aspect . Nothing , including your thoughts are your own . A world where the only love is the love of the government , and individuality does not exist . Minds are brain-washed and war is never-ending . A world where 2 +2 = 5 , a world where you can trust no one , not even yourself . 1984 changes the way you look at the world . A classic and a must-read .
 I sat up until 6 am to finish this book . It 's gloomy , depressing , yes , but also very good . Lots of surprises in the most unexpected places , a very original plot , and very good quality of writing . I have never read a book that makes you realise how lucky you are to be living in a society like this . I think it would 've even made people in concentration camps feel good about themselves.I think after you fight your first shock of the depression that this book brings , you will realise how nice it is to live wherever you live . All in all , great book , a true masterpiece . Buy it . It 's only $ 7 anyway .
 Everyone knows of double-speak , Room 101 , and Big Brother . They have become a part of common knowledge , much as 1984 has become the flagship for the genre of the Dystopia.But what truly matters is how good of a read 1984 is , and how well Orwell fills the pages that you 'll courageously flip through . Well , the word that best describes 1984 is
 1984 is one of the great Big Brother books to read . Pretty freaky how close to reality it actually is .
 This book reflects many aspects of our societies , in a clearly , detailed way , both good and bad ones.You may know the saying `` history is written by the victors . '' 1984 goes deeper and explains you why they write -LRB- and rewrite -RRB- the history , how they do it , or how would they do it.The story becomes beatiful when describing love , peace , songs , and so on , but it is cruel when talking about punishments and total control -LRB- I skipped some pages -RRB- . When reading the book you would either think `` this is a novel '' or `` this is our society . '' But you might think `` this is our society '' after finishing the book , anyway.Not a book to enjoy , but for reflections .
 George Orwell writes an amazing book on one mans life , from what he thought 1984 would be like . it was stunning and wonderful . I definetly reccomend this book !! I had no idea what i would be reading when i came home from my sister 's house when she gave me 1984 .
 One caveat if you are thinking of buying this edition
 1984George Orwell 's most famous novel . Written in the 1950 's , during a time of post WWII cleanup and violent revolutions in Central and Eastern Europe , 1984 plunges the World into a limited nuclear war , and the division of the planet into three superstates , which are constantly `` at war '' with each other . The main character and the leading lady live in the Superstate of Oceania , where Totalitarian Government controls every aspect of the lives of the citizens . Big Brother `` watches '' his citizens via the Thought Police , by means of spying on them , even in their homes , with electronic devices . Three words from this book , Thoughtcrime , Double Speak and Double Think have made their way into common English vocabulary . After reading the book , you are left with a hollow and helpless feeling . I recommend this book to everyone .
 George Orwells 1984 is by far my favoirte book of all time . As of last year you would have to pay me to read , but my first year of highschool seemed to be a real slap in the face . We read over14books this year . Most i would read only because i had to , but with 1984 something was differnt . I read 1984 with full intrest until the very last word . The basis of the story was all i needed , all the added details were just one of the many bonuses . These days people are so concerned with their reputations in society that no one will stand up for what they believe in . This was a refreshing read to break up all the social `` stuffy-ness '' and made me believe , if u stand up for what is right then you will get results .
 Orwell 's 1984 is a fascinating account of Winston Smith and his world . This world is ruled by a collective oligarchy with `` Big Brother '' in charge of everyone . And yes , Big Brother is watching over everyone through the use of telescreens , which can be found everywhere in Oceania , his country . Winston works for the Ministry of Truth , where he changes the past to correlate with the future . While working there , he meets a coworker named Julia who has similar beliefs . They meet several times for love which builds the story into the climax.The theme of this book relates to the effects of negative Utopia . It refers to the total opposite of Utopia , which is defined as `` an imaginary place considered to be perfect or ideal '' . Hardly anything is perfect or ideal for the characters in this book . Big Brother promotes this idea as it makes society as efficient as possible . The national slogan `` WAR IS PEACE , FREEDOM IS SLAVERY , IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH '' will certainly make any reader believe that Winston Smith is in a negative Utopian society . Orwell certainly makes a dramatic nightmare of what society may become.There are few characters that operate as individuals in this collective society . There is a deep relationship between Winston and Julia , as they become rather involved , and consequences later result.This book was quite different than anything else I have ever read . I have never thought how much a government could control a society , but this book shows how easily a totalitarian government can take over . It makes me wonder if our government today is spying , as there is certainly the technology to do it . I would n't want to have telescreens dangling from every wall watching me no matter where I go ! George Orwell has created a masterpiece and an excellent example of science fiction . Through reading this novel , I realized how many famous things about the proles and Big Brother have resulted from the context of this novel.This mesmerizing novel tells how Big Brother takes over Winston and all the other residents of Oceania through telescreens , Newspeak , the Party , and hate . Big Brother and his Party are controlling all aspects of life that are sometimes taken for granted . They control people 's destiny , your occupations , dress , social status , meals , residence , family , and their minds . Thank goodness the year 2001 in America -LRB- or anywhere in the world for that matter -RRB- is not like the year 1984 in Oceania .
 1984 was truly ausome book . I read Orwell 's Animal Farm in middle school and thoroughly enjoyed that book . I had also started reading 1984 in middle school , but never got into the story . I started reading 1984 a few weeks ago and after getting past the first 20 pages was immersed in the story . 1984 , written in the 1940 's is about a future gone awry with no freedom of anything , and the political party in power having overwhelming control over all its citizens . The party is divided into 4 main factions the ministry of love , plenty , truth , and peace . It is interesting that they do n't call it the ministry of the economy but the ministry of plenty . They are also speaking a new language called Newspeak which tries to simplify all words into their most basic meanings . This is to prevent the formation of new ideas and independent thinking . The thing that I liked most about the book was the believability of the world , it seemed plausible that the future of 1984 could have existed instead of the one we have today . Overall I would rate this book a 9.5 on a scale of 1-10 , 10 being the highest . If you are looking to read a truly insightful book into the diabolical possibility of party systems this is a great book to read . If you have some time on your hands this is also a great book to read .
 George Orwell was a dedicated communist , but not in the Stalinist sense . Here he takes not just Stalinism to task , but also all societies that manipulate their citizens . If you do n't think that western capitalism does not observe and manipulate you , think again . It is doing exactly that , but not using the technologies that Orwell conjured up in the 1940 's . Read Vance Packard ` The people shapers ' for an analysis of the scientific use of market research for getting into our heads and manipulating and exploting our basic needs and desires . Why else do politicians all mostly run the same lines and have their spin doctors in control of their pronouncements .
 A disquieting novel , lucid and magnificent about totalitarianism . Winston Smith , an employee of the Minister of Truth , rebels against the dehumanized and mechanized world of 1984 . He , a free thinker , hates the Party and Big Brother , as does Julia . She contacts him and they start a clandestine affair , in a world where passion is forbidden and sex is viewed with repulsion . O'Brien , another character , tells them that there is a secret society named `` The Brotherhood '' , which fights against the Party . You will be chilled to know what happens next.More than a novel , this book is a clear and horrible warning about totalitarianism and man 's overwhelming lust for power , as well as about the misleading uses of technology . A terrifying view of what a society without history , memory , pleasure , love and family may become . It is not pure fiction
 Orwell 's book , `` 1984 '' has been banned . It 's actuallyone of the top 100 banned books of all time . Interesting , a book whose principal villian is Big Brother , a figment who controls society through an organization called the Thought Police , would be banned by none other than
 This book describes the internal human struggle at its fullest height . It is overpowering descibing a time when the threat of the loss of personal freedoms was everywhere and the Cold War was heating up .
 1984 pulled me in as I closed my eyes and hopes that the world would never become as corrupt as it was in Winston 's world . Freedom of speech , thought , and everything and anything else that we hold dear was snatched away from the world . The Inner Party controls all and creates the stories of the past , present , and future . 2 +2 = 5 , and telescreens watch you at all times . This is what has happened on earth in George Orwell 's hit , 1984 . Although Orwell may not have predicted the future as it is now , it is still an exceptional book . Winston Smith 's life is in constant jeopardy from the thought police and telescreens . The first mistake Winston makes is buying a journal . Then he writes in it , and the rest of the `` crimes '' come naturally . Eventually , the thought police catch him , and try to make him `` sane . '' My favorite passage is when Winston and his counselor are talking in the `` Ministry of Love , '' which is where thought criminals are taken when they are caught . His counselor says , '' Winston , you know , my mind is just like yours , but you 're insane . '' They continue their talk . The story 's atmosphere , as you could have guessed is overwhelming . The descriptive voice used so realistically however , moves you through Winston 's mind , and where ever he goes . At times the book can be extremely slow , yet the last chapter picks up the pace , and excitement level . Bear with the book . As I just mentioned , the first two chapters of the book are not the most thrilling , but they have to be there , or the final chapter would not make sense . Mostly the book was enjoyable , and I kept saying to myself , '' Oh , this is what the world would be like if the Democratic Party ruled . '' It was exceedingly disturbing . I have to admit , the book was not my favorite , and would probably not even qualify to be on my list as on of my top five favorites . However , the description of the book filled me with emotion . Read 1984 sci-fi fan or not , I believe you 'll enjoy the book . I did , despite its numerous flaws .
 Orwell 's distopia about a secret government that monitors what you write , what you do , and even what you think was very believable . The first part sets up how the distopia functions and the consequences for defiance . I love Orwell 's style . The way the character 's talked was not pretentious and there were some big surprises too!The book drags on a little in the beginning when its going through the distopia , but it picks up after the defiance begins . The defiance comes in the form of a romance between the characters , who have to constantly look over their shoulders for Big Brother . The romance is very well done and even beautiful in its own way.At the end , you can tell the author is instilling his own views about a corrupt government . Yet , the way Orwell writes his ideas fit in the context of the book without shoving them in your face . I wont reveal anything else because I want your heart to jump like mine did when I read it !! The book was very compelling , captivating , disturbing , thought provoking , and enjoyable . I dont think its for everyone ... its intense and even depressing , esp . at the end . I loved it though and I would definitely reccomend it to you . : -RRB-
 I had been meaning to read 1984 for a couple of years , considering its reputation and its oft-discussed relevance to our own society , and finally picked it up a few weeks ago . While I did enjoy it , I could n't help but feel a little disappointed by it , and at no time did I ever view Orwell 's work to be as earth-shattering in its foreshadowing and cross-generational timeliness as it is universally made out to be . Personally , the conclusion that this book was some sort of uncanny prediction or foresight into late-20th into 21st century American society - Big Brother as the American government , telescreens as television/biased news media , Thought Police as intrusive legislation and access , etc. - I think , is quite a stretch.As far as the book itself , it takes place in a gloomy , depressing world without freedom , where people are reduced to initials and serial numbers . I actually found the `` chapters '' of the book of the Brotherhood , with its description and reasoning of the perennial warfare , the prohibition of sex and pleasure , and the hierarchy of society to be the most interesting part of the book . The discussions between O'Brien and Winston later on , as well as Winston 's affair with Julia , also revealed much of how Orwell viewed the governments of his time and their philosophies , human nature , and human emotion in general . From these sections alone , there is plenty of material and opposing viewpoints on the government and its role in society , people 's place in society , and the role of emotion and memory that Orwell leaves for the reader to tangle with . Orwell certainly succeeded in portraying some of the political forces of his time and twisting them into a well-written , gloomy depiction of a terrible future.However , the fact of the matter is the ideas in this book can be successfully applied not only to governments far and wide , but just about any situation where one group is in power over another . 21st century America is one of tens of thousands - maybe into the millions - of scenarios that can be twisted and bent one way or the other in an effort to fit the roles put forth in 1984 and say with conviction that we 're headed toward a world like Oceania . Basically , any situation where there is a body overseeing subjects , where this body has the means to monitor these subjects , as well as the means to control/discipline these subjects , qualifies as a situation that can be successfully compared to Oceania , 1984 . Does that mean that every entry-level employee in a large company -LRB- it meets this criteria -RRB- is a real live Winston Smith ? No.All in all , it 's a dark and depressing world that Orwell writes about , but it 's not nearly as frightening in a real-life way as some people want to make it out to be .
 1984 just proves Orwell to be a wonderful writer . He has a great writing style , but at the same time awakens the reader to reality . He shows the reader what can happen if things in society keep going the way they are . Whenever I read this book I get a little saddened and wonder about the future . Definitely recommended to anyone .
 There 's not much to say about 1984
 1984 reveals why an elite would want to subjugate its own middle and lower classes , and how that goal might be attained so as to remain a permanent system , forever.It may have been written as just a novel , but lots of the elements for permanent control are already in place . The purposes of war , of middle-class impoverishment , of third-world depopulation and slavery , and of media control are all laid out.We watch , fascinated , as its written plan for permanent control via a New World Order takes place in the real world before our very eyes.You are not alone if you want to know WHO the puppetmasters are , then there is a FREE online book called HOW THE WORLD REALLY WORKS it is by ALAN B JONES and can be found at http://how-the-world-really-works.prosperitydoctor.com/I have done my best . l dare you to read 1984 and HOW THE WORLD REALLY WORKS and tell me that they are wrong .
 I am not going to summarize the book becuz I am going to leave it up to the 1000 people who did the review of the book before me . This is a pretty good book , I probably wont read it again but it was still good . I love Orwell 's pessimistic view on life it is some what enlightening . He is a realist and I entirely respect that he does n't sugar coat anything or wrap it up in happily ever after . well any who read this book if you would like a shot of reality to the head .
 In the late 70 's there was a movie that projected what the world would be like in 2001 and was way off . This book was first published in the late 1940 's and predicted what life would be like when I was one year old , in 1984 . It would be pretty rough if there actually was a thing called the Thought Police .
 1984 is probably the best book out there . I cant believe how George Orwell comes up with this stuff . He desribes a world free form love , emotions , and privacy . His great use of charactres and plot makes the book a page-turner . I also believe that George is describing our wourld in the futre . If our civilization keeps doing what we are doing our would is going to end up like 1984 .
 This book does a great job describing the society and people in it , but if you 're reading it for the great action scenes , you might want to look elsewhere . This book is considered a classic for a reason . It actually makes the reader think and contemplate the future of our society compared to the one in the book . So if you 're in the mood for a good sc-fi read , I would suggest reading this .
 1984 by George Orwell was brilliant , disturbing , excellently written , depressing and most of all eerily predicting of the future . I enjoyed reading it very much . Orwell 's writing is phenomenal . The way he describes things is incredible and beautiful . I admired his bold statement against socialism . His book was extremely persuasive and should be read by all that have not yet read it . It is a classic , yet it holds all the contemporary aspects of a newer book . No part of this novel was unsatisfying for me . There were no parts of the novel that did not keep me waiting for what would happen next . This could quite possibly be my favorite book that I have read yet .
 Possibly Orwell 's greatest work , this was published in 1949 and served -LRB- and still serves -RRB- as a great warning for what might happen if we are n't careful enough.The year is 1984 and the setting is in London , which is part of Airstrip One , which is part of one of the three world superpowers , Oceania . Oceania was formed on the principles of Ingsoc -LRB- English Socialism -RRB- and is governed by a group of wealthy people and the imaginary `` Big Brother '' who is a figure designed by the Party for the people to look up to as their protector . Oceania , and London is particular , is not an ideal place to live at all . Only the Inner Party , which make up a small percent of the population , have enough food to eat and live in considerable luxury . The Outer Party , which are a group of people that hold many of the jobs that keep the Party going , are forced to live under the microscope of the Party and live in relative poverty . While they have it better off than the low class -LRB- Proles -RRB- they do not have the freedom that the Proles have , and they spend all their time either working or attending Party functions . It is not considered good for a Party member to be doing anything alone besides sleeping and things of that sort.Part 1 gives us the basics of the book . It describes Outer Party member Winston Smith , who is the main character of the book . In Part One , Smith finds himself and realizes how much he hates the Party.In Part 2 , Winston meets another Outer Party member named Julia . Julia shares Winston 's hatred of the Party and the two both consider themselves to be criminals and they know that they will eventually be destroyed by the Party . However , they agree to dodge the Party as long as possible . At the end of Part 2 , Winston is captured by the Party.Part 3 is about the Party 's efforts to change Winston by means of torture and make him a loyal servant . I wo n't go into deep detail because I do n't want to ruin the book : -RRB- 1984 is a great novel . Maybe harder to understand and more complex than Animal Farm , but you probably get a little more out of it . If you want a complex tale about what we could be headed for , read 1984 . If you want something simpler , more lighthearted , and less time consuming read Animal Farm . Both books are great in their own right .
 Orwell takes you into a world that is not unlike that of Communistic countries in our own time . He was a prophet of the dictatorial harshness in countries where freedom of thought , speech , religion and education is suppressed . No one knew in 1949 that this book would speak volumes about society and the `` global community '' where truth is nearly always suffocated and lives are extinguished uselessly in the name of `` Big Brother '' . This book will change your mind about politics forever and cause a deeper appreciation of the freedoms Western nations enjoy .
 Orwell 's striking story about the dangers of , basically , communism . It still strikes a chord ALL these years later . It may seem daunting , being an `` out of touch old book '' but better chance than not , you 'll love it . ~ Andy
 Big Brother 's watching , and there 's no escaping him .1984 is the story of Winston Smith , a employee for the Ministry of Truth , and how he tries to escape the wrath of big brother , and even tries to.well you 'll just have to read the book to find that out.This book is full of twists and turns , that will leave you on the edge of your seat , up to the last four words . oh by the way `` war is peace freedom is slavery ignorance is strength . '' and `` 2 +2 = 5 ''
 A great book a little scary with the idea ... that BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING ... although we always think of who wathing us in public the idea of being watched in work and in your house kinda brings an idea of the Nazi Gestapo back , terrorizing you in your house and in public if they think your against the government body .
 people are complaing about the plot but i found this book extremely entertaining and i can not look at the world or listen to the news the same way . Read the dictionary of newspeak terms at the end and you wont be as depressed when you are done -LRB- still not a happy ending but atleast big brother falls -RRB-
 This is one of the most disturbing stories ever written . But it is done so perfectly . If you want to read about messed up polatics and a twised state of human affairs than this is the book to read . It had parts where my brian would tingle as it talked about the economics behind war the the strength in developing a conflict . It was truely remarkable . A very influencial peice of literature .
 To think that by 1984 we had begun to exhibit some of the ideas Orwell expressed in his novel , or that so many believed that none of it had come true?In 1984 , Orwell paints the vision of a world layered with Marxist and Socialist philosophies , a place where individual freedom is being oppressed and forgotten . Told through the perspective of Winston Smith , a member of The Party , Orwell shows the struggles and consequences of a man daring to go against The System.It is a riveting tale injected with political and social philosophy . A timeless classic that will certainly be revisited by future generations and very likely passed off as `` incorrect predictions '' because the concepts Orwell covers are too frightful to entertain as reality . From Big Brother watching citizens through Telescreens to the past being rewritten from one moment to the next.I highly recommend this novel to not just science fiction fans but to all citizens of the present , as a reminder that freedom is only a reality as long as we do not take it for granted .
 I suspect that most readers of these reviews have already read -LRB- & / or reviewed -RRB- the book in question . I 'm not going to precis 1984 for the remaining readers but simply state that the writing is understated and matter of fact but nevertheless compelling , many points are subtly made and perhaps one sentance in 10 could be used as an aphorism or commentary of ` modern life ' , whether it be organised sport , national events or geopolitics . Nothing else comes close to that hit-rate , except a dictionary of quotations.For the few who have not yet read the book , see what you 're missing ! -LRB- ps - it was lumped together with Animal Farm , Brave New World , Lord of the Flies and various JB Priestly plays as distopian visions in my long-gone schooldays - they 're all worth reading too . -RRB-
 Anyone who is interested in the nature of power and manipulation of the masses should read this book . Despite the fact that it was orriginaly an inditement against Stalinism , it is still relevant in 21st century America.The nature of the `` War on Terror '' could have been taken dirrectly from the book , in places word for word . The story provides facinating insight into the way that reasonably inteligent people can chose to behave in irrational ways in the name of partiatism and loyalty .
 My brother is n't a person who reads so when he proudly told me he finished 1984 , and that I MUST read it , I decided to try it.I was caught up in this book very quickly and I found myself reading it at work . I could n't put it down . The story is frightening , especially when you think about some of our current issues such as `` Homeland Security '' , and the new measures the government is taking to `` protect '' us . Given the current situation in this country I think it is essential to read 1984 . This book has made me rethink somethings .
 I am a 15 y/o male who had to read this book for my high schools summer reading program . Orwells crafty tale of a new all powerfull society and rebels trying to bring it down is an intense depiction of what life could be like . Join Winston Smith throughout his journey of rebellion and a forbidden love affair -LRB- for you chick-flick lovers -RRB- as he fights `` Big Brother '' and the `` Party . '' . I think this is one of the best books I have ever read . Very entertaining and well , good . The fact that I am an Anarchist and have the same dreams as Winston of overthrowing the government only increases my admiration for Orwell , who was not afraid to craft a character most people would look down upon . Great book .
 If for some reason you got through high school without being forced to read this book , I highly recommend that you read it now . Besides being creative and extremely thought-provoking , 1984 paints a vivid picture of a hopeless future world ... a world void of privacy , friendship , love , and family . In this world , where Big Brother is god , mindless conformity is the highest virtue . Winston , the main character , serves as a powerful narrator in revealing the true nature of this society that , in the late 1940 's , did not seem all that distant . The two factors of Orwell 's society that struck me most were
 1984 is written in the style of the `` negative utopia . '' It is a dark vision of a future society in which personal freedom has been destroyed and in which a small group have established dictatorial control over the many . It was written mainly as a warning against authoritarianism and totalitarianism ... not just the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany , but also against the totalitarianism of the mind that is currently evolving in capitalist culture as well . Orwell was a socialist . This is only relevant to counter those who say that Orwell was criticizing socialism . He most certainly was not ... socialists stand for personal freedom and economic democracy.This is a very well written book with a good plot . Orwell 's vision was a clear one and a danger that has not entirely been eliminated today .
 With the exception of `` Animal Farm , '' it would be hard to think of a work of satire in the English language that is as powerful as `` 1984 '' -LRB- actually `` Nineteen Eighty Four '' -RRB- . Whereas the Whig-Tory squabbles that make up the background of `` Gulliver 's Travels , '' are mostly forgotten now , the totalitarian essence of Airstrip One still haunts the imagination of the First World . No other major novel this century has produced so many memorable terms . Not simply fantasies of universal surveillance , but also `` Newspeak , '' `` Doublethink , '' `` the Ministry of Truth , '' `` Sex Crime '' `` Thoughtcrime , '' `` Two Minute Hate , '' `` Memory Hole , '' `` Room 101 , '' `` If you want a picture of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face -- for ever . '' Indeed , not since Dickens has there been such a novelist so much on the popular consciousness.Since there are already several hundred reviews in praise of this book , I will devote the rest of this review to providing some reservations . It is often said that Orwell is a master analyst of totalitarianism . Dead wrong , in my view . On the Nazi side of the Molotov-Ribbentrop symbiosis , Orwell has rather little to say . There is no systematic analysis of Nazism , no evaluation of Nazi terror , and , in retrospect most damning of all , no real appreciation of the singular importance of the Holocaust . A look at `` Revenge is Sour '' , which opens up the fourth volume of Orwell 's collected journalism , reveals his limitations dramatically . However just and liberal his opposition to revenge is , Orwell 's account fails because he has never had any experience which could make him understand those feelings . It is like reading a denunciation of pornography from a cardinal who has been blind from birth.What is most powerful in Orwell 's account is his satire on Communist dishonesty . -LRB- About Nazi irrationalism and fanaticism he has little to say . -RRB- Why Oceania commits the barbarisms it does is more open to question . Rather oddly , given his frequent skepticism about Progressive pieties , Orwell appears to believe that a growing economy would be in itself sufficient to provide the goods and services a just society needs . Since the three world states wish to prevent that , they encourage endless war which wastes any surplus , and which supports their own regimes by permanent war psychosis . The result is an endless stagnation , and a horrifying stability which could last forever.Now an economic slowdown was clearly a problem with the Soviet Union in the last decades of its life , but equally clearly it was not intended to be that way . More importantly , the worst Communist atrocities , Collectivization and the Great Leap Forward were attempts to radically change society . Soviet Stalinism was a society that went through every sort of radical change imaginable . It was not a society whose crimes were rooted in stasis.Other objections . England no longer exists , there is only `` Airstrip One . '' Orwell set his nightmare world in England to challenge his countrymen 's complacency . But arguably he reinforced it by showing that it could only occur in an England which was already dead . It was perhaps this aspect that appealed to Czeslaw Milosz and other Polish exiles who viewed their own country as an innocent swamped and threatened by Russian aggression imposing a thoroughly UnPolish society . While this view had a great deal of truth to it , the fact that the former Communists have won two free presidential elections in a whole , suggests that it is not the whole truth . Viewing totalitarianism as a deracinated purging of authentic local traditions has obvious limits . Clearly the Axis countries were militantly nationalist , and it is clear that Communist regimes could not have survived in China , the Soviet Union , Yugoslavia , Cuba , Vietnam and North Korea without successfully appealing to some aspects of nationalism and national culture . All Communist countries appealed to local traditions -LRB- has there ever been any kind of regime that did not ? -RRB- , and Orwell should have taken this into account . Likewise romantic love is viewed as Winston 's salvation , yet Claudia Koonz , Geoff Eley have pointed out how Nazism gained strength from its appeal to conventional ideas of family . And Richard Stites has pointed out that Stalin 's policy can not simply be viewed as anti-family . Another weakness of the book is its view of Stalinism as one based on intellectuals . While it could be said of Lenin 's dictatorship that the government was dominated by intellectuals , one could not really apply that term to Beria , Zhadanov , or Molotov . Too much concentration on the sins of a Heidegger distracts one from the far greater crimes of the Wehrmacht and I.G. Farben . But the greatest weakness of the book is O'Brien . O'Brien 's lust for power is so deranged as to be pyschotic . That he lives only for others to suffer tells us nothing about how torturers work . -LRB- It does not help the book that Orwell can not tell the metaphysical difference between a statement such as `` Germany and the Soviet Union signed a non-aggression pact in August 1939 . '' and `` 2 +2 = 4 '' . The first is a historical fact , the second is a tautology . It would be evil to try to torture people to deny the first , madness the second . -RRB- In his portrait Orwell reveals his inability to understand such a personality . Indeed , such a person could not really be human at all . Surely in the name of all that is humane and tolerated , he must be extirpated , like a demon . Arendt 's concept of the banality of evil or Sartre 's view of the anti-Semite have their limitations , but they tell us more than Orwell does , as does , from the inside as it were , Celine 's own later novels .
 I read this book in High School and once more since then . Ive also seen the movie which is very well done , almost exactly like the book ... . Everyone here says its prophetic and that it is still in the future ... is it ? or has 1984 been with us well before the actual 1984 ? Anyways when I read it in High School I got most of it , but some of it went over my head ... untill I entered the working world/college and the ranks or society with all the expectations that go along with these situations and experiences ... Now it mirrors everyday life ... I already distrust the government and most authority figures , religious and non religious . I dont believe in their wars ... even after the WTC attacks ... and I really dont believe in thier advertising and or media ... If you want a book that will change your outlook and open your eyes and show you the truth of the present and past plus a warning about the possibilities of a future traveling the wrong path ... read this ! not because I told you to ... but because you need to know : -RRB-
 was Animal Farm predicting that pigs would walk in the future ? NOI say this after hearing other peoples reviews , summaries and opinions of 1984 . One should not look at 1984 as a prediction of the future , because it was not truly meant as such . George wrote this as a attack on the dictatorships of the USSR and Spain . It is a satirical work , and a brilliant one at that . However , because it is written so well , it takes on a somewhat timeless quality.This may be why so many people mistake the novel . Those foolish proles . tisk tisk tisk .
 George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' , the classic study of total behavioral control , also is a study of Marxist economics . In `` 1984 '' a perpetual state of war exists both to enslave productive populations and also to justify total behavioral control over society . Orwell structures his society using Karl Marx 's Communist model
 The world of 1984 is one that is completely stained with hate and ironies . Winston Smith , the novels main character , strugles throughout the book to try to discover who he is and how to overcome the power that the Party has over its self-molded society . The Party , which is a perfect example of a complete totalitarianim government , has shaped the world of 1984 . The Party has so much control over every aspect of human life , that power including love , sex , and the family enviorment . `` The only recognized purpose of marriage was to beget childeren for the service of the Party . Sexual intercourse was to be looked on as a slightly disgusting minor operation , like having an enema . '' -LRB- 57 -RRB- The power that the Party has forces Winston Smith to rebel . He then falls in love with a young women , which is not only a crime , but is completely unheard of . The unlawful act is one that starts the roller-coaster ride that is this novel , and in trun , plays an important role in the theme . Orwell not only appeals to the readers emotions but also plays with ones mind . The themes of government , power , and isolation is what make this novel so fabulous . This novel could be best described as an ironic paradox in every sense of the words . 1984 , by George Orwell is a futureistic novel that forces the reader to contemplate the world around them . The novel is so stratigically written that it can appeal to the modern reader . I would reccomend 1984 to anyone who enjoys a well written political satire .
 I might not be capitalism 's biggest fan but I have to say that this book was one of the scariest things I 've read in my entire life . It gives a chilling view of what happens when Communism overtakes the world , leaving an illusory , tyrannical dictator known only as `` Big Brother '' as the leader . No one has ever seen him , yet nothing can escape the watchful eyes of his fanatical secret police . When one man tries to rebel against the iron grip of Big Brother , it ends in tragedy for him . This brutal attack on Communism would be enough to make Marx himself cringe if he knew the turn it would take .
 Why are you sitting there ? Get up and read this book . It may show you how human you really are ...
 Mark Twain said a classic is a book that everyone talks about and no one reads . I hope that can not be said about 1984 . I was assigned this book back in high school , and with apologies to Mr. Johnson , I read the Cliffs Notes instead . But since I am unable to discard a book , especially a classic , I have spent the ensuing years having it stare me back in the face . While the totalitarian warnings are well known and the 1984 terminology is widely used , I just could n't believe how gripping the whole thing is . The main character , Winston Smith is no abstraction . He 's easy to identify with . Suddenly totalitarianism is n't some far off gulag or death camp , but the horrors of a man alone.The thoughts and details are slowly revealed in a way that you can really root for Winston . As he learns more about a world he scarcely remembers as ever being different , you hope that he is about to change everything . What does happen is a pretty good secret considering how much has already been written about this book . I 've read other Orwell books since High School , but I 'll admit that I was scared of 1984 's classic nature . I should n't have been . Orwell was always easy to understand . His insistence on using straightforward language to convey complex issues makes the book easy to follow . Now , I regret that I will never have the pleasure of reading it again for the first time .
 It is hard to believe that Orwell wrote this book so many years ago and 1984 has already come and passed over 18 years ago . This book brought up the idea of government control of how people live and think . It is relevant as much today as it was back then . This book is a must for anyone studying political science or socialogy . Remember , Big Brother is always watching you !
 `` 1984 '' , by George Orwell , is a dark complicated warning to humanity to change its present course or suffer the consequences . Although potentially very enjoyable , this original `` Big Brother '' book presents an interesting enigma for the student and teacher . In high school , the science fiction genre can be difficult to `` sell '' . This book lives in the realm of soft science fiction -LRB- as opposed to the hard gadget oriented world of Mr. Asimov -RRB- , and deals with fairly complicated philosophical and political issues . These complications come with their own confusing terminology . Orwell , with his already expansive vocabulary , even creates a new language , `` Newspeak '' , to help explain a new set of socialistic societal and philosophical concepts . The fictional nation of Oceania -LRB- England -RRB- is one under an extreme socialistic , power hungry , and mind-bending government . Once the basic concepts of the government and society are understood the book becomes an interesting struggle of one man against `` Big Brother '' . Although entertaining enough to earn five stars , the complexity causes some parts of the book to go very slowly and the lack of happy ending is disappointing if not disturbing . If you liked this book , I recommend `` Brave New World '' , by Aldous Huxley , as a companion read . Unless you have a prodigy on your hands , due to the reading level and complexity of the book , I would n't recommend it to someone under 15 or a freshman in high school .
 What simpleton compares `` 1984 '' to `` Brave New World ? `` New World is a simple morality tale about a world forced into conspicuous consumption . Yawn . 1984 is the frightening tale of a future gone awry , and a brutal government well aware of its intention to maintain power at all cost.We follow Winston , an editor with an odd job , rewriting history . Wiston is forced to `` double think '' his way through a life he knows is contrived to forever remain stagnant.As Winston ponders the present , the war weary remains of Oceania 's capital , London , he is forced to deal with memories of a very different past - and he fails to reconcile the two.Orwell 's eye is a magic thing . A reporter at heart , his eye for detail in fiction and reportage is awesome . While reading 1984 , one feels Orwell IS Winston , in his head and in his world . With any imagination it becomes easy to allow 1984 to become real , and Winston 's desperation your own.Orwell side steps silly sci-fi detail -LRB- that dopey Huxley embraces too readily . What is it with all the helicopters in `` Brave New World , '' anyway ? -RRB- and creates a desperate world that , though written 50 years ago , seems perfectly plausible now.This chilling masterpiece is a must read for anyone who ponders the delicate balance of power and politics . More so , this dark tome considers the loss of individuality in an increasing global society . At first blush , it is easy to dismiss 1984 as completely off the mark , but after some consideration , one is forced to concede that maybe nothing here is really improbably.A must read .
 Sad , beautiful , nauseating , incredible , believable . All in one text . A masterpiece of the twentieth century . If you have n't read it yet , you owe this to yourself !
 One of the greatest works of fiction of all time , a book that I found abhorrent to read , with characters that are n't likable . I would n't say that I enjoyed reading it , as such , but I was compelled to continue reading through to the end . Not nearly as grim a tale as other distopian novels , 1984 is a book that every American citizen should read . After all , the European union is our ally , and has always been our ally .
 George Orwell 's 1984 remains one of the seminal works of literature in the English language , and one of the most important . If you have n't read it , you owe it to yourself to read it and experience the world Orwell created -LRB- a world that bears an increasing resemblence , however shadowy , to our own -RRB- .
 This is what got me into literature . Not the Scarlet Letter or Grapes of Wrath or anything else really . I thankfully read this due to a recommendation from my English teacher and I 've been on my way to appreciating literature ever since . Make sure you watch the movie Children of Men if you liked this book . They draw many parallels and both are amazing .
 `` He who controls the past controls the future . He who controls the present controls the past . `` My definition of a truly classic novel is one that is so talked about and referenced that you can know all about the book and it 's message without having ever actually read it . 1984 is one of the most glaring examples of this , as terms such as `` Big Brother '' and `` Doublespeak '' are now mainstream concepts that no longer require explanation.The book itself gained its popularity , however , by successfully reaching a broad audience by exaggerating and reducing the complicated debate of the illusion of free will and freedom of thought in any kind of government structure that strives to control and manipulate the populace for its own benefit in an almost unbelievable science fiction setting . The extremes that are reached in 1984 's may seem only possible in a work of fiction , yet there is a truth beneath the pulp novel trappings that most readers can not avoid recognizing.Note
 This is one of my favorite books of all time , right up there with Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead . This book is a must-read for everyone !
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston smith1984 Actors
 Although the images are not profound and the grammar and language usage rather basic , what holds this novel together are its plot , intelligent ideas , and unique , beautifully flawed characters . I loved the fatal relationship between Julia and Winston , mostly because it was unsentimental and virtually realistic . I do n't think Orwell romanticizes anything , alluding perhaps to the bleak style of life led in the book . -LRB- The denouement between the two is stunning , yet tragic -RRB- . The novel ends on a melancholic , similarly unhappy note , which epitomizes the main idea presented
 194 is a classic political novel . Anyone who thinks it is redundant or broing is only failing to realize that all the terms in the book have become commonplace in society . It is so influential that it seems trite because our world has been so greatly changed by it . An excellent story with a great message , it 's scary how close we are to living in a place like oceana and how willing osme people would be to live there . Read it !
 A book written in yesteryear , is likely more timely now , than it was when it was written.Don ' t miss out on one of Orwell 's best works .
 I wondered why it took me so long to read this classic.Orwell chronicles the life of one member of a totalitarian society run by the all-seeing eyes of ` Big Brother ' . It is a surveillance society in a nation always at war with an amorphous enemy . Fear is the Government 's weapon of choice and the image of omniscience and omnipotence it projects upon its people is seemingly insurmountable . The society is deeply stratified and hierarchical with the privileged few at the core going out to the tentative citizens and the listless prolatariat -LRB- called proles -RRB- at the very bottom of the pile . The story surrounds a very common man and his struggle to be fully ` himself ' in a society that frowns upon individualism and independent thought.The context of this book renders it somewhat prophetic of the past 8 or so years of the Western world . Orwell 's insight is worthy of canonization because of how right he seems to be about the tools of societal control and influence . He includes the dubious ` tele-screens ' eerily reminiscent of the broadcast media , numberless CC TV cameras employed by some cities and perhaps even the ubiquitous Internet and vulnerability it implies on our privacy . Then there is the growing power of Homeland Security laws.Orwell seems like he may be attacking autocrats and dictators but there may be another agenda . It is not Big Brother himself that is to be feared but the system which he represents . The Goverment is as faceless as their ceaseless enemy and Orwell depicts a society that slowly became what it was with time . Can he be saying that any society is prone to the evils of control?The fight of our hero is admirable and leaves us questioning the role of the individual in society . The ending you must read for yourself . But by the time you finish you might be a believer or a revolutionary depending on whose side Orwell convinces you to join .
 Do you think that the USA is going to invade North Korea without provocation ? Probably not . Even Bush has n't done it or advocated it , and if he does n't it probably never will happen . But that 's not what the people of North Korea believe . They think that they are going to be invaded . And this is what Chavez is pounding into his masses of poor people in Venezuela . Fear is a very good way to control people . Look at the USA after 9/11 . We were shocked , and rightly so . We invaded Afghanistan , and rightly so . But then things got a little wacky and we were not sure if we were continuing in the right direction . If took several years before we could start to see things a little more objectively , but perhaps now we are n't really seeing things correctly either . Perhaps this is just the opposition 's turn to confuse us.Orwell shows how masses can be controlled without even knowing it . He shows how 4 = 5 , and how you can make people appreciate how little you do for them . Instead of complaining about the Press 's mistakes , thank your luck stars that we have a free press . And then wonder just how free it really is ...
 So how have I made it this far in life without reading this book ? After finally taking the opportunity to finish it , I wonder how I made it through high school and through a Political Science degree without having read Nineteen Eighty-Four . I chose to purchase this book on audio and loved the narration . I felt as if I could feel Winston 's thoughts as he made a journey to question the life that he was living and question `` the party . '' This book reaffirmed my love for the freedoms that I enjoy in so many different ways - the freedom to love , to travel , to have a family and friends , to ask questions , to write and acknowledge my feelings , to READ ! This world that Orwell created , and described in such realistic detail , was a nightmare and was in such contradiction to the democratic freedoms that I know.I think that what struck me the most was the love affair that Winston shared with Julia . That it was forbidden was horrible , but the lengths that they had to go to be together and to hide their relationship was astounding . Winston risked everything to trust Julia , and he did so with full force , with everything that he had.The optimist in me hoped for an overthrow of this world that was described in Nineteen Eighty-Four . I wanted the characters to experience the world that I live in , because the alternative that was presented was so unspeakable . This novel was amazing for its ability to make me appreciate what I have , to describe something so very opposite to what I know.I hope that everyone has an opportunity to read it and is able to appreciate their reality just a little more , because they have received a little glimpse of Orwell 's alternative .
 1984 was a good book to read . The interesting part of the book was the interworkings of the government with Big Brother and the five minute hate that they include themselves in . Also I liked the characters of Winston and Juila . Both of their stories were amazing and there seceret life together . The bad part of the book is that it got complicated sometimes with the back story of the government . With Goldsteins book on his view of government , it gets to the point where you get bored . Also the characters of O'Brian and Big Brother get annoying . Sometimes I just wanted them to disappear . Overall the book was good but it also had moments of greatness that could hold my attention and keep me riveted . However , parts of the book lacked that spark that kept me coming back for more .
 Quick and short review : Book was very well written ; the story flows smoothly , not very many names to remember , with an ending that you would probably not expect.A word of advice
 I never got to read this book in high school like a lot of people , so now at the age of 34 , I 've opened it for the first time . Having just finished it , I can honestly say that in my opinion this is one of the most well written , engaging , and thought-provoking books I 've ever had the pleasure to sit down with . The book had me hooked from the very beginning and never let go . It 's so masterfully done and the creation of the Newspeak language just tells the tale of how much thought and effort went into this work . No short-cuts were taken in this time-honored tale . I was mesmerized for days after completing it and it is definitely a book I will read again and again.I ca n't recommend this brilliant work highly enough . I just ca n't believe I waited this long to read it . Thank you so very much , Mr. Blair .
 Once you start reading the book , you find yourself in the hands of Goerge Orwell , When he wants you to be depressed and tired , you feel tired and depressed . When he wants you to feel happy , you ca n't obey . This book itself is a good example of a Totalitarian regime . It absolutely controls you until the last page .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is considered a prototypical dystopian novel by many literature critics . In 1984 , Orwell captures the very feeling of helplessness of being trapped within a world where war is peace , freedom is slavery , and ignorance is strength . Winston Smith lives a worse life in this world than everyone around him . With Winston , Orwell shows that real torture is not being brainwashed , but knowing that you are brainwashed . Some may say that the world in 1984 is not realistic . Actually , this model dystopia is an example of a perfectly established communistic world . Every side of this book is possible , which allows us to wonder if George Orwell 's intention of this book was something more than simply a classic word of dystopian literature . Perhaps , the year before he died , Orwell saw that a communistic world was not safely far off , and a warning should be shown to the public . The importance of this novel may have been the reason that Orwell isolated himself on an island in Jura , Scotland , when sensing his impending death of tuberculosis.To aid him in this warning , Orwell found all the imperfect things in the world , made them worse , and added them to the life of Winston Smith . But it seems like Orwell did not have a typical idea as to what the worst things in life are . Such things as famine and lack of clothing do play a part in 1984 , but Orwell seems to emphasize that the real means of torture are more mental . One of the main subjects of 1984 is the Party being able to alter the past to fit their means . Because of this , Winston is tortured with having no proof of what may or may not have happened in the past . Only once does he actually find some proof , and even that is taken away from him . With these views as to what is truly an element of torture , Orwell captures the genre of dystopian literature.Overall , an excellent book , easily fit to be one of the model dystopian stories .
 I bought this book for one of the boys for a class at school . He needed to read itand the library did not have it in at the time . I ordered it and it was not expensive and it came in in a timely manner for the deadline.Thank you so much for a good job and taking time for my opinion.Brenda Starkey
 I think I recall reading this in highschool , but of course , did not realize it 's value at the time . Upon reading it 20 years later , I was amazed ! This was a very shocking book in that when it was written there was no way the author could have known what would have been invented or happening in our present time or in 1984 . It reads like fiction , but we know it is reality . He sheds light on many events that are already in motion , even though government may not make it official to the public . This book is a warning of just how terrible life could be if we continue to be blinded by what we are told by the media ; how truth is distorted by the deliverer and their masters and how humans will ultimately destroy themselves for the sake of power if allowed to do so . Of course history does repeat itself , I hope that will be proven incorrect .
 George Orwell created an interesting but slightly disturbing look at life in his idea of a future world in 1984 . He does a brilliant job using symbolism and he really shows some of the flawed points of government and people . His purpose with this novel was to inform people to be aware of what is going on and try not to lost their brains as they follow the crowd . Another important point that he tries to get across is how too much power can corrupt people.George Orwell , whose real name was Eric Blair , was born in 1903 in a British colony of India . He was most well known in his time for being a journalist , but today he is remembered for his novels . Animal farm is one of his most famous novels along with 1984 . Orwell has many good points and does a wonderful job in passing on those lessons throughout much of the book . That is untill the ending where many of these lessons are then blurred in a confusing , creative , and chilling cliffhanger . While for me the ending was a little disappointing , I can see how many others would enjoy it . I personally prefer endings that are more resolved.I think that the book tells an intriguing story that will keep the reader on their toes the entire time . On top of that , the characters are wonderfully written and easy to relate to . I found that the goals were well represented . Overall , I think that this is a classic story that is full of excitment , terror , and love . I would recommend it to anyone I know who is looking for a good book .
 1984By George OrwellSignet Classics . $ 9.99 -LRB- Ages 14 and up -RRB- Reviewed by : High School FreshmanGeorge Orwell is a gifted writer who has written many novels , several of them involving government and politics . In this creative and haunting book , he attempts to reach out to his readers to show them what the world might be if the use of technology and invasion of government without proper boundaries can be disastrous to humankind and society.George Orwell , pseudonym of Eric Blair , wrote many novels in his lifetime . Many of Mr. Orwell 's novels will be read from generation to generation . This was thanks to his great creativity in his writing . One good example of his imagination and creativity is when he wrote one of his most famous novels , which used symbolism to recognize the government , politicians , and effects of the Russian Revolution , is the short but clever book , Animal Farm . Mr. Orwell uses similar elements of government in 1984 to illustrate the evils of governments and what they can inflict on its people.Based on the great detail , originality , and the vivid depiction of Winston 's struggle in 1984 , I believe the Mr. Orwell has successfully portrayed a negative utopia . For example , in part three , chapter five , Winston , the main character , was placed into the torture chamber of Room 101 . Here , he was tortured and beaten in order to clear his head of freedom and independence in order to replace it with the government ideas and propaganda . This chapter shows that there is fragile line between governmental control and supervision , and the dangers of mind control in an entire society.There are both weaknesses and strengths in this novel . One weakness is that George Orwell 's explanation of societal views is complicated and difficult to understand without extensive knowledge of political ideologies . In order to fully comprehend what is going on and to understand the symbolism he is using , the reader must be knowledgeable in governmental studies . Although these factors seem to detract from the book , there is one important strength that really makes this book fantastic . This great strength is his use of symbolism and reference . There is more to the story than reader may initially think . I am sure if I reread this book ten or even twenty years from now , I will view this story in a different perspective .
 1984 , pictures a compelling sci-fi , thriller , and drama of a utopia in the life of a man named Winston . 1984 reflects on the repetitive pattern of human government . Though slow at first , 1984 easily picks up quickly by part two . In the novel , man tests his freedom against the government . The government engages fear to keep the probes -LRB- lower class citizens -RRB- loyal and obedient , but underneath of the skin lays a brotherhood that thrives to revolt over the corrupted government . Orwell obtains a talent in writing that creates a streaming movie in your head of a chaotic and depressing utopia which war is peace , freedom is slavery , and ignorance is strength . It truly brings out the fear and selfishness that we can not see from our seat that lays in the potential of our political leader , men that may exist today , waiting to be pushed .
 I 'm a bit biased ; I read this as a teenager and have always considered it my favorite book . I decided to reread it , and it was just as powerful . The dark world it portrays and the social psycholgy it depicts still rings fresh for me . A must-read for any socially and politically conscious person .
 Nineteen Eighty-Four is not only Orwell 's most famous work , it is one of the most critically acclaimed novels of the twentieth century . Also , as several other reviewers have mentioned , some of the ideas present in 1984 could be pulled out of today 's headlines . Not only governments , but corporations also now have the ability to track activities , both on and offline , of virtually everyone who lives in the industrialized world . Websites like pipl.com and Spokeo show how easy it is to observe people 's activities through social networks and public records . Marrying this technology to a desire to socially engineer the population could result in the type of dystopia that Orwell depicts in this prescient classic .
 A communistic dictatorship rules over the people living in the country of Oceania . Newspeak is the official language of Oceania , people love Big Brother , the head of Oceania . What I have just described to you is what 1984 's world looks like . 1984 , is the book that explains what would happen to the world if democracy fell and communistic-dictatorship took over . This book was written by a man by the name of George Orwell , who was born in 1903 . Soon after writing this book he succumbed to tuberculosis . Once finishing the typescript he sent it to his two friends , Secker and Warburg , who officially published it on the date of June 8th 1949 . George Orwell sadly died only a few months after his book hit the shelves in January 1949 . Within the pages of 1984 there is the ` Party ' which mysteriously and ruthlessly rules over the people who live in the country of Oceania . The peasants are called the ` Proles ' . The ` Proles ' are essentially everyone who is not in the party , these are the common man and the people who live in much poverty while the Party is able to live with considerable of luxuries . This book gives the reader a feeling of desolation , sometimes while reading it I thought I was Winston the main character who was trying to take down the party , and who was sick of being told what to and what not to do . That is one of the books major strengths because the reader will feel as if it is him being prosecuted . Also the book makes you hate the party . This feeling makes the reader become even more sucked into the book , making him feel like the party is the worst thing possible . The only real weakness I could find with this book was that , sometimes , the book has a tendency to give a little excess information to the reader . These are often unnecessary facts that have no place in the book such as when it describes in a lot of detail how the tree is where Winston and his friend Julia meet ; however this does not happen very often.The main goal of this book is to give the reader an idea of what life would be like if democracy ever fell in the modern world . This book accomplishes this goal with an amazing job . Everything is how the reader would think it would be , the citizens are being watched at every moment , there are ` thought-police ' , the majority of people are poor , is a are the minority of rich people . Also this book goes into so much detail , it makes me feel as if I were there ... in 1984 . The detail helps the reader become even more captivated in the dark secrets unlocked within the party and the severity of the crimes Winston commits against the party.When reading this book the reader will experience a connection with the book and its characters , the reader will become Winston . The reader will become a Prole . The reader will become Big Brother , the reader will love big brother . The reader will go through many changes while reading this book , and may experience many hardships . Which path they choose is up to them , whether to love big brother , or hate him . That decision is up to the reader , good luck . I would highly sugges this for any high school teaher.P.S.-Using a Family Acount.Shlomo
 1984 is a social commentary on history and the appalling state of public policy and society generally told through a love story that resonates with a deep familiarity for all modern readers .
 There are alot of idiots floating around out there that do n't see the potential pitfalls of giving the Federal government expanded powers . If you are one of these folks , please read this book . The work is relatively short but the lesson that it gives is powerful . I believe it was Benjamin Franklin who said this but I believe it encapsulates every being of this book `` people willing to trade their freedom for temporary security deserve neither and will lose both ''
 When I was young and read this book for the first time strangely enough I never thought of it as a warning about some other country 's type of government . I thought of it as a description of what could happen in my own country if the wrong type of thinking was supported by a majority of the people of my country . I do n't know what Mr. Orwell intended it to be but looking at my own country today I still think that my original interpretation was accurate.I felt the same way about Animal Farm.Richard Edward Noble - The Hobo Philosopher - Author of : `` Hobo-ing America
 To call 1984 a work of science fiction is , while technically accurate , somewhat a disservice to the book . 1984 is a chillingly accurate glimpse into a future of hellish totalitarianism , and quite amazingly , with each passing generation it actually seems to become more and more relevant . It should be regarded not only as great literature , but also as an oracle of the very real storm clouds that are consistently looming just overhead . But perhaps most importantly , it should also serve as a much needed kick in the groin to anyone who is constantly blinded by the bright lights of patriotism , war , greed , fear , and all forms of propaganda .1984 is not science fiction . 1984 is n't fiction at all .
 This classic story of Orwell 's imagined future in 1984 written during the 1950s is a stark warning against totalitarian systems of government . In the story the government is headed by a shadowy figure titled Big Brother . This popular reference to `` the man '' or other monitoring organization originates in this story . The basic concept is that the ruling party monitors all aspects of a person 's life through telescreens , microphones , and an elaborate spy system , among others . They create their own history and destroy all accounts which differ from their account of history.They also invent a language called Newspeak which could be a reference to using politically correct language . Newspeak is structured to comply solely with the political philosophies of the Party and is intended to make thought which occurs contrary to this philosophy impossible . If someone tries to make claims to the contrary or engage in discussions that oppose the party it is considered `` crimethink '' and the person is taken away to be `` fixed . `` If current events or philosophies change , a complex system of forgery and reworking is in place to rewrite history so that Big Brother always makes accurate predictions , the economy is always better than it was in the past and things appear to be great on paper . In reality , people barely subsist , disease and crime is common , and life in general is much worse compared to life prior to the Revolution which occurred in the 1950s-60s in conjunction with wide spreadnuclear war . Old copies of books and newspapers are burned to eliminate any hardcopy of actual history.There is no reality but that which the Party and Big Brother espouse . If you think outside or remember something different from the stated reality , you are considered delusional and in a minority of one . Those who persist in the belief that Big Brother is wrong , are arrested and systematically tortured and brainwashed to the point where they begin accepting the Big Brother philosophy and reality as truth.The main character works for the Party but has doubts as to the positive benefits of the Party and its philosophy . He feels repressed and seeks out ways to fight against this overwhelming power . The first part of the book walks through his growing realization of the continuous brainwashing and creation of reality which can change at the drop of a hat.The 2nd part adds very little to the overall plot and really could be skipped without much loss in value . It additionally contains a gratuitous amount of promiscuous behavior which serves little purpose other than an appeal to the prurient interest.The last part of the book describes in detail the arrest , torture , and brainwashing of the protagonist . He has many logical arguments and perspectives which would likely occur to the reader fighting against the philosophy of Big Brother . This helps to make believable his eventual conversion to belief that Big Brother is good and right regardless of the reader 's perspective grounded in the reality of today 's thought .1984 is quite thought provoking and serves as a good reminder that any political party or dictator with absolute power is dangerous and measures should be taken to avoid movement towards this type of system .
 Ever wonder what it would be like to fear for your life after having bad thoughts about the war in Iraq or perhaps even the president himself ? What about being watched and monitored while you exercise ? Ever wonder where Big Brother came from ? Then George Orwell 's 1984 is for you ! 1984 is a book about a government that controls every aspect of life . They control language , history and even your thoughts . While the book starts off slow , it quickly picks itself up and then some . It constantly kept me reading just so I could find out what happens next . This book is an experience I wo n't soon forget and believe everyone their mothers and even grandmothers should read ! So pick it up and be amazed at the power Big Brother holds over the people and their every day lives . Read the classic that will never fold over and become outdated like so many others . One you can understand whether you are from 1984 , 2007 or 2099 .
 `` 1984 '' is George Orwell 's warning of the dangers of a totalitarian society . The main character in the novel , Winston Smith , is a low-ranking member of the ruling Party in the country of Oceania . Winston and his fellow citizens are monitored everywhere they go , even in their own homes . Party members spy on everyone using ever-present telescreens , and pictures of `` Big Brother , '' the Party 's leader , are on display everywhere . The Party 's main goal is to eliminate all forms of individual thought , which can lead to rebellion . In order to do that , the language of Newspeak is being integrated into society in hopes of eliminating 80 % of all words and thus reducing the chances of a revolt . Sex is also another aspect of life considered taboo by the Party , and Winston eventually begins an affair with a woman named Julia with full knowledge of the fact that if they get caught , they could both be killed by the government . Winston ultimately finds himself fighting a dangerous battle with the Party , and it 's a fight he can not possibly hope to win.This novel is as powerful now as it was when it was written in the late 1940s . Orwell 's commentary about the dangers of totalitarianism coupled with an analysis of the powers of psychological manipulation are truly frightening . I ca n't say that this book is enjoyable to read because the subject matter is very disturbing , but `` 1984 '' is a well-crafted and thought-provoking book that should be ready by everyone .
 Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is a novel that is truly frightening for those who cherish free expression and the power of individual thought . Dystopia literature owes it all to this classic of the genre . I managed to get through all my formal education without having read this text . However , picking it up now I am glad that I waited until I was a little older to read it.The first thing one must marvel at is the brilliant construction of the novel . Orwell as an artist is at the top of his form and the structure of the novel is wound so tightly that readers would be wise to annotate the text as there is an almost cyclical nature to many of the themes and ideas presented . Orwell weaves the same ideas throughout the text , and each time he revisits them he shows them through the lenses of a different ideology or character and thus emphasizes for the reader how precarious -LRB- and precious -RRB- are the mores and ideals of the individual mind.The idea of governments who yearn for power for power 's sake is not so foreign to our early 21st century world , and although the text ends on a nihilistic note , the reader walks away from `` 1984 '' with the renewed impetus to revere and respect our individual thoughts , as these , and these alone , give us unique value . Read this text , not so you can fear `` big brother '' , but rather so you can be reminded to respect yourself enough to think and form intellectual thoughts . It is Winston 's loss of the self that should frighten the readers of `` 1984 '' , not the dreary world that Orwell creates . We do n't need totalitarian governments to become Winston Smiths . We can do it to ourselves if we are not careful !
 This book is an Orwell classic , all about how totalitarian governments were tricking the people , destroying freedom , and ruining the world . The main character is Winston Smith , a disgruntled middle class office worker who secretly harbors a hatred of The Party . The world in which Winston lives is divided into three super states
 I think this is my favorite novel about a dystopia . So far , I have read `` We '' , `` A Handmaid 's Tale '' , `` Brave New World '' , `` Anthem '' , and `` A Clockwork Orange '' , and though I have thoroughly enjoyed quite a few of the novels that I 've listed , 1984 is my absolute favorite . How is it different ? The main character , Winston , if not entirely likable , is very relatable . What I like most about him is that he does n't assume to be anything or know anything , but rather , he feels instinctively that something is wrong with how the world is set up . He is not especially intelligent -LRB- although he 's not exactly stupid either -RRB- or strong-willed or moral or handsome . And as if to emphasize Winston 's relatable mediocrity , Orwell gave him an exceedingly boring office job ! In some novels about dystopias , the protagonist can be overly heroic -LRB- as in Anthem -RRB- or tragic -LRB- as in a Handmaid 's Tale -RRB- , and thus more admirable but also a lot less relatable.Another thing that is different ... this book gives you different perspectives . Orwell 's theme of government control over language is pretty common in this genre , but because he took his thesis a little farther than merely saying that government control is bad , the book is an interesting read . He even gets a little into metaphysics . As a reader , you also get the perspectives of different characters in the book , and thus , the perspectives of both the government and of rebels . Often , books in this genre can be very straight-foward , but 1984 , with its many twists , is a very worthwhile read .
 I read this book because I was growing weary of my own ignorance . One-too-many references to Big Brother amid the post-911 proliferation of video cameras , wire-tapping , and concern about government intrusions into private life pushed me to question my own cultural literacy -LRB- thanks to author E.D. Hirsch , Jr. here -RRB- . My job also sent me to southern Sudan in 2007 , during which a colleague noted that I would need to visit a rather remote `` Orwellian province '' . It turns out that province is called Unity State . After reading 1984 , I get his drift.It also occurred to me that the TV phenomenon Big Brother was likely produced by staffers who found themselves in their teens or early adulthood during 1984 , while the audience to whom it caters may largely have been born well after that year . Given a generation who knows Big Brother not as the incarnation of thinly veiled government despotism but as the product of CBS Prime Time , there was reason to question more than my own cultural literacy . But what , or whom , we really need to discuss is Winston Smith.Best I can tell , Winston Smith is me . Modern man ; modern society but faced with the reality that government had morphed into political , economic , sociological , technological , and intellectual fiat - its greatest coup perhaps being the subtle control of free thinking . By changing content of archival media , limiting contact with others , or simply eliminating those who dare _ remember _ , all that matters is current perception , regardless of logical inconsistency . And if this is achieved , then Smith 's government -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- is , and always has been , right and just . For if you never learned -LRB- or never remember learning -RRB- that 2 + 2 = 4 , then 2 + 2 = 5 seems quite plausible.The problem is that Smith dares to remember - dares to become conscious that another manner of thinking exists beyond the required and ubiquitous application of Doublethink , which he describes as follows
 I have read Animal Farm before this one , and enjoyed it greatly . I was not disappointed by this book , despite my expectations being high . He presents quite an intriguing idea of a 1984 deprived of basic freedoms and livestyle that was very perceivable in the depths of 1948 . That being said , the Kindle edition needs to be checked for continuity errors and proofread for spelling , grammatical , and punctuational errors .
 It really does n't make much sense to review a classic . I wish we continue to maintain a critical mass of people who read this book at least once . The words `` orwellian '' and `` doublespeak '' should never leave our lexicon . We already have department of `` defence '' , if our kids do n't discover or forget this book , the ministry of love will follow .
 1984 is one of the best novels ever written in English . The dismal world of the `` future '' presented here is beyond belief but also seems within reach . Although it may seem to be a warning against communism -LRB- some of the elements are found in A Darkness at Noon - a true critique of the pogroms of Stalin -RRB- , it is in fact a warning against excess that can occur in any government system.The foreward by T. Pynchon provides some insights , especially about the last chapter on newspeak , but be warned that it does provide spoilers .
 Although I 'll acknowledge that Shakespeare , Milton and Blake have been regarded as masters of the beautiful English language far longer , Eric Blair -LRB- aka George Orwell -RRB- is the undisputed master of twisting words into weapons of destruction , despair , and control.Much has been written and noted about `` 1984 , '' and I ca n't add much more insight to it other than we had a cat named Winston.I first read this novel in Grade 8 , before I really could understand what it was about . Its powerful imagery captured my imagination , however . I have read it about once a year hence , marvelling at Orwell 's mastery of the language . He predicted human nature very accurately , considering where things were going near the time of his death . It 's a very bleak book , and has gotten even more terrifying since the advent of the internet , 24 hour cable news , ubiquitous cameras and televisions , background checks , fanciful government terminology , massive fearmongering , routine inspections , suppression of emotion , and global paranoia.The most terrifying thing of all is not that `` 1984 '' came true . It 's HOW SOON it came true after Orwell penned it .
 The vision of the Party 's rule , its inhumanity and utter ruthlessness and mendacity frighten us and we hope it will never come to pass here . But we have no clue how to prevent it , and just like the people in Orwell 's fictional world , we are perpetually caught off guard when it comes to pass in our own lives . One day we wake up and realize we are living in a nightmare , and we have been for a long time . `` It 'll never happen here '' and `` We 've taken every precaution '' become `` When did it happen '' and `` How did we get to this point ? '' This perennial sickness takes hold of a nation and we are at its mercy.Like any good novelist , Orwell tells a story and he makes it real . For that sheltered portion of humankind who have had the fortune of growing up without the threat of being arrested and tortured for daring to disagree with their inept leaders , the book provides a vicarious experience without which we are left vulnerable to a disease we know nothing about . But while the creation of a literary world can teach us many things , it can not provide a way out . For that we need accurate knowledge .1984 is a fictionalized account of pathocracy , as defined inPolitical Ponerology , and the reason it scares us is because it is completely outside our normal frame of reference . We have the same reaction to news accounts of senseless violence . Parents murdered by their 14-year-old son because they asked him to do his chores , after which he played video games . An 18-year-old woman disappears and is later found dead , beaten to death and wrapped in plastic . A trucker and his son admit to torturing a 20-year-old man in their basement , suffocating him and wrapping wire around his neck . A young boy is kidnapped , tortured , executed , and his organs harvested by forces of occupation before his body is returned to his parents.The common theme , of course , is psychopathy . Psychopaths lack conscience and hunger for the darkness . They are sadistic in a way which , for us , is near impossible to fathom . The evil which they bring is not unintended , as when we realize only after the fact that our actions have caused another harm . Instead , their lives are spent feeding on the misery that they inflict on others . Whether the sexual sadism of serial rapist-torturer , or the subtle draining of a `` toxic co-worker '' who uses you , abuses you , and wears you down until you lose all grip on reality . We may even ask in desperation , `` What are you doing this to me ? '' The psychopath simply smirks . And in a world ruled by psychopaths we ask , `` Why are you doing this to us ? `` 1984 frightens us because psychopathy frightens us . The key feature of a pathocracy is that psychopaths influence the economic , military , political , and cultural agenda of a nation . Like chameleons , they mask themselves in the features of their surroundings . Within those parameters they stage dramas , creating a new reality according to their desires . And this reality is one of deception , terror , ruthless expansion and complete heartlessness.In the corporate world a psychopath gets ahead by destroying the careers of those who stand in his way , exploiting the work of others , starting rumors , creating conflicts . He always benefits from these , of course . A competitor falls out of favor . The psychopath is credited with the work of another . The bosses take his word over another who sees that he is a snake . An `` enemy '' finds herself without a job , blamed for something she did n't do . All the while the psychopath stage-manages . The man behind the curtain.In politics , the pawns are the people , the chessboard is the world stage . Strategic countries are invaded because of the `` threat '' they pose . This threat is 0f course created by the psychopaths in charge using the vast resources of intelligence services . `` Terrorist threats '' are fabricated . Atrocities are committed and then pinned on imaginary `` terrorist groups '' . Orwell had it right . Emmanuel Goldstein was a creation of the Party . The bombings blamed on him and his followers committed by the Party itself for the purpose of keeping the population afraid and compliant.Today , torture photos are `` leaked '' not to expose State brutality , but to show the people what happens to those who oppose the system . After all , you 're either `` with us '' or you 're `` with the terrorists '' . That 's some option . Dissent is conflated with terrorism . Terrorists are tortured and assassinated . The President of the United States even sanctions the assassination of U.S. citizens labeled `` terrorists '' . `` They are part of they enemy '' , after all . Some respond with shock that a country could willingly kill its own citizens , as if killing another country 's citizens is any more human . Of course , the two options are equally atrocious , but to a psychopath , what 's the difference ? If you have a conscience , you are a threat . Your leaders hold you in as much disdain as any other `` bleeding heart '' . So what can be done ? The first step is awareness of the reality of what goes on behind the scenes of political power
 Let me say , I am 13 years old -LRB- everyone says i act like im 50 -RRB- and this book was an unbeleivable of what society is coming to . Not just Communist society either , it portrays any society , even a Democracy .
 1984 only 4.5 stars rectif
 This book was absolutely amazing . Very intense reading . Make sure you do something hope-producing after you read this -LRB- watching `` Braveheart '' worked for me -RRB- so that it does n't permanently sour your world-view .
 1984 was a fantastic book ! the entire book is a frightening portrayal of the future that grabs the reader and refuses to let go ... a true 20th century classic . the ending gave me nightmares for months , which is an amazing feat considering the multimedia-less venue that is literature . big brother has to be one of the most menacing icons ever unleashed upon the minds of the bookreading populace . i heartily recommend this book to anyone and everyone .
 There 's not much you can say about this book that has n't been said a thousand times before . It is well-written , the characters are excellently portrayed , the themes are strong and compelling ... But for me the one thing this novel does better than all that is paint an atmosphere . Orwell draws you into the world he creates so expertly you can * feel * the sense of oppression , it 's so real it is perfectly palpable . When the lead characters breaks free , you will him with all your soul to succeed ... One of the greatest books ever written . And one of the most affecting .
 i 'm reading this book in my english class right now and i 'm actually not even done ... i 'll admit in the beginning it was pretty slow and kind of boring but we 're almost done with it now and i really like it . . i 'm not too into reading or anything and it 's pretty hard for me to find a book i like ... i guess what i 'm saying is that it 's a good book and people should read it : -RRB-
 Orwell may have not been correct on placeing the date on the book but his ideas to me are seemingly coming true . In this modern world it seems almost impossible to elude video-cameras , microphones and other elements of this sort . If the government wants to watch you they all ready have the means to due so . In our schools we are being taught only half truths to every major conflict with other world powers . For example go to Vietnam and they 're musuems and history books have a whole other perspective on the vietnam war , but how are school children to know this other perspective . So in a way the U.S. is actually rewriting history . Also the press seems to rule our lives they tell us whats cool , whats not , how to act , and how to think . What is to stop them from crossing the line . We are given the false myth that they work for us ; when in fact every thing you here is edited by certain people to portray certain messages to you . For example , everytime we see a third world country on TV all we see is poverty and starvation , what you dont see is the millions of people in that country that are doing fine , given you the false pretense that life here in America is sooooo much better . Watch out It may not be long before Orwells interpretation of the future might happen .
 People forget that this book is n't about what Orwell actually thought 1984 would be like , but rather it was what he thought the future could be like . This book has helped people fight a future which still may arrive . This is a book that changed our society and the way attentive readers view their world . Not only is 1984 massively important but it is a great read .
 This book is quite probably the greatest novel ever written . That 's my opinion . Read this book , and form your own opinion , but under NO circumstance should you let someone make you read this book . If you look at all the negative reviews , they are bitter and insulting , and most of those readers were forced into reading this book . They thought it was n't realistic , they thought the characters were shallow , they thought is was depressing . I do n't know what they expected from this novel , but there 's no reason to insult the book or author . I would like to see any one of the people who graded this poorly write a novel of superior quality ! These are the same people who bump into you in the streets and do n't apologize , the same people who wo n't give up their seat on the bus to a pregnant or elderly person , the same people who wo n't politely hold a door open for you . These people are rude . They go through life complaining about other people , worrying only about themselves . They 're angry at someone , but they take it out on a book they were n't bright enough to understand . Huh ? We do live in america , and we do have the right to an opinion , and we do have the right to freedom of speech . But we also have something called manners . Well , most of us do . Not these people .
 A little unrealistic . Orwell is quite the optimist
 The best science-fiction book I 've read -LRB- the only sci-fi I 've read -RRB- . It was actually quite good .
 More frightening than any Stephen King story , 1984 prophecies a future where hell exists on earth in the form of a paranoid government 's establishment of a negative utopian society where every one is watched , no one is safe , and the only hope that exists can lead to something worse than hell . If you think you can escape , you 're wrong . Dead wrong.If anyone knows a similar novel , please email me .
 Come on guy 's ... four and a half stars ? What 's that all about , this is 1984 we 're talking about here ! This book is THE scariest and most thought provoking tome around . From the first sentence of the book , `` The bells struck thirteen as Winston Smith , yada yada yada '' we 're thrust into a completely different world , one so different and alien from our own , yet presented to the reader in such a painstaking , logical fashion as to raise questions about the state of our own modern society and the conventions of war and class structure . The society consists of two constantly warring nations
 You feel a sense of doom from the beginning . Even as Winston and Julia are embracing each other in the field , or in the dusty room above Mr. Charrington 's shop , you instinctively know that in the end they will have to lose . I was surprised when O'Brien came in and now I ca n't decide whether he is good or evil . Like the book said , O'Brien tortured Winston and eventually sent him to his death . But still ... did he really mean it ? Or was O'Brien yet another brainwashed victim of The Party ? You should not read this book if you do not like unhappy endings .
 This is undoubtably one of the most moving books I 've ever read - it made me cry , and it 's rare for me to weep on account of a book or film . The society it depicts is so horrific , and so - plausible . I 'm not saying that this is necessarily the future , but it is definitely one of the more unpleasant ways the human race could conceivably take . In Winston Smith we have the representative of all of us - he is n't a genius , and he is n't a saint ; and he does n't want ot be a genius or a saint , he just wants to lead his life in the way he , and the rest of human society , was meant to do ; in relative freedom in his actions and his thoughts . And the story of his personal struggle , his betrayal , his ultimate defeat is so timeless , so true that it , more than anything else in the book -LRB- although the whole novel is brilliant , eg . the political ideas expressed in it are so carefully thought out that we can truly believe in the potential for a party like , well , the Party -RRB- , marks `` 1984 '' out as one of the most moving and human stories around .
 a personification of the human spirit . after reading of the living death portrayed by the author , i realized that the man sentenced to life enprisonment has liberties unbound . to conceive the perils of this novel , is to enjoy life .
 This is one of the greatest literary works of all times . This book tells of man 's dreams , hopes , ambitions , and , most importantly of all , his true self . To those that believe a better world is bound to come , you are fools . This book says the true ending . I can not figure out but two epitaphs for man
 I just wanted to recommend to those who say that this book is too unbelievable , and though intellegent , a bit extreme , read the book Imagining Argentina . Based on the period of the 1970 's in which many anti-government activists `` dissapeared '' , the similariies were uncanny between the two , and made me rethink my original reaction to the book and admire Orwell 's book all the more .
 I loved 1984 ! Winston Smith was the best character in literary history . With great characters such as Big Brother , Julia , O'Brien and even the hardly mentioned Katharine , -LRB- Winston 's wife -RRB- this book instantly drew me in and I could n't stop reading it . Orwell 's image of life in the future shows through in our true life . Big Brother is our government . A government that constantly watches us and moniters us . In conclusion , 1984 is the best book that was ever written . DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER ! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER ! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER !
 People always talk about books that they ca n't put down and 1984 is defenitly one of those books . You really feel scared for Winston throughout the entire story . It made me cringe all the times where he was sneaking around . The only thing that made it unrealistic to me was how sex and love were eliminated totally from the party . It goes against human nature . Was everybody tortured like Winston in the party to make them this way ? Anyway it was a great book that makes you think
 The book 1984 , is the story about a man by the name of Winston Smith . Winston lives in a place of the future , where every moment of his life is carefully watched and scrutinized . The story follows Winston , as he tries to discover the truth of the world he lives in.What he learns is startling . The three countries of the world are constantly at war . Always switching alliances and fighting over the same territories . There is no truth in the past . Every person is taught the method of `` doublethink '' . The method of doublethink is this , you are told something is true and has always been that way . Your mind accepts what it is told and rejects the memory of the truthful past.Every second , of everyone 's life is carefully watched and scrutinized for those who commit `` thought crime '' . Where you are discontent or you have rebellious feelings . Once you commit thought crime , you are made to disappear.In conclusion , I feel you should read this book , 1984 . It is a though-provoking novel of a possible future . At some times , it can even be disturbing . The story is riveting and the possibilities are entirely possible .
 1984 est l'histoire de Winston Smith , un personnage &eacute;voluant dans une soci&eacute;t&eacute; compl&egrave;tement totalitaire o&ugrave; les fonctionnaires subissent un lavage de cerveau et o&ugrave; les prol&eacute;taires sont trop inconscient pour se lever debout . Une soci&eacute;t&eacute; o&ugrave; chaque enfant est &eacute;lev&eacute; comme un petit soldat prt &agrave; trahir ses parents pour son pays . O&ugrave; toutes documentations historiques sont falcifi&eacute;es ou d&eacute;truites de mani&egrave;re &agrave; manipuler la population . O&ugrave; chacun de vos gestes sont scrut&eacute;s et qu'un simple petit geste anormal m&egrave;nera &agrave; votre disparition . O&ugrave; la police en est une de la pens&eacute;e . O&ugrave; l'amour est un interdit . O&ugrave; l'homme n'est qu'une machine servant une petite clique d'homme puissant ... La lecture de ce livre soul&egrave;ve beaucoup de questions mais apporte aussi beaucoup de r&eacute;ponses et pour moi la plus grande est que l'homme ne sera jamais libre s ` il continu d'avoir peur .
 Orwell 's classic about Big Brother that will really keep you thinking . I read in High School and then again recently . Although 1984 is long past , the ideas put forth in this book shadow a darker image of what America could become that will make you think.Great classic ! Go read it .
 George Orwell is right . He has always been right and will always be right . This novel , 1984 , shows a scary , terror-filled world where everyone is a potential enemy . Before 9/11 this stood as an important piece of British 20th Century fiction ; now it is a must read for all because it is hard to know where the fiction ends and the `` true '' narrative begins .
 Orwell wrote one of the great classics of the 20th century . The book is centered in a dystopian society . While it is a mockery of any totalitarian system -LRB- mainly the Stalinist-era Soviet Union ? -RRB- , it also predicted some of the horrors of capitalist countries . Not only does Orwell write some serious political philosophy in his work -LRB- e.g. how the lower class will always reamin in the same situation regardless of the current regime -RRB- , he also shows a different side of human nature that is at once dark , calculating and mistrusting . But there is some hope in the book . There are few writers who can compare to Orwell , both in his writing style as well as his insightful content . This book is a true classic in every sense of the word .
 It is easy to see why Orwell envisioned the world he did in 1948 ; the year he wrote the immortal `` 1984 . '' The world was already in fact , engulfed in a period of total warfare . -LRB- Many historians now consider WWI & WWII to be a single event - a first and second act , if you will , of the most deadly struggle in the history of the earth , with a cooling down period or intermission , in between ... -RRB- . Even WWII never actually resulted in any kind of resolution or conclusion , but rather , settled into an uneasy `` truce '' involving a new confrontation that rose out of the ashes of post-war Europe and Asia , between Soviet Russia , China , and their communist allies , and the United States , and -LRB- what remained -RRB- of western powers - namely , France & Britain.The events of Korea were looming large and the cold war was about to get very hot , played out on the stage of the Korean Penninsula . Framed as a `` UN intervention '' supporting South Korea against invasion from the North , the Korean war was less than a year away when `` 1984 '' was first published
 1984 by George Orwell was a fascinating , sad , and powerful read . It really provoked the reader to think , realize , and become aware of certain realities present in our world today . This book was written in 1949 and was Orwell 's prediction , or fantasy , of what the world would be like in 1984 . Although the story was a bit far-fetched and extreme , eye-opening parallels to some situations that our modern day world has faced can be seen . Oceania was always at war and constantly switched enemies and allies . It did n't matter who they were at war with so long as they were the dominating power in the world . I thought this correlation with Orwell 's prediction was very true of the way our country runs . The book followed Winston as he tried to defy the government 's complete control over the public . Little did he know that the power of Big Brother ran far deeper than he could have imagined . As citizens of the United States of America , I think it is important for us to read this book . We need to be aware of how easily people can be manipulated by a great power . This book presents that matter in an intricately woven story that really invokes a connection between the reader and the characters . The reader begins with great hope that Winston will be able to resist Big Brother 's control but as the story progresses and hope diminishes , the reader begins to get a sense of reality and really wakes up to realize that once a large force is in motion , it can be unstoppable . 1984 by George Orwell is a must read .
 Somehow I missed reading this in school , but always heard good things about it , so when I saw it lying around , I decided I should read it . I thought that the concepts in the book would be pretty interesting , but I did n't expect as much from the plot and characters.The world created by Orwell is very disturbing . The way the past is changed is especially frightening , along with the idea that thoughts can be changed by limiting the vocabulary needed to express them . I also thought the character of Winston Smith was very well written along with the plot as he becomes a thought criminal.The only thing I did n't like about the book was that it seemed like the Party would have an impossible job trying to keep up with the sheer volume of things that would constantly need to be changed in order to maintain whatever `` reality '' is current . Also , I could n't see why anyone would really want to be a member of the Outer Party as opposed to one of the proles , who seemed to have a little more freedom . Finally , I never really understood the `` why '' of the Party , even when it was explained in the story , it did n't seem very appealing to me , at least not enough that everyone would be able to be brainwashed into maintaining it . However , I suppose if crimestop and doublethink and other concepts described in the book actually worked , then no one may have thought about these things enough to care.Overall , this is an excellent book that really makes you think about some pretty scary things . I definitely think this is a book worth reading .
 It 's absolutely amazing how a book that 's truly innovative and insightful can remain completely relevant for such a long period of time.After items like the Patriot Act and the war in Iraq , you ca n't help but ask yourself questions about the government 's responsibility in regards to your safety vs. your personal freedom.I ca n't possibly recommend this book highly enough . It 's an incredibly important work that will change the way you look at the world . `` The war is not meant to be won or lost . The war is meant to be continuous . ''
 I very much enjoyed 1984 , by George Orwell . Orwell had a terrifying vision of the world we were gradually becoming in 1949 . Though 1984 is long gone , his concerns can still be applicable today.Winston Smith is a lone character in a corrupt socialist society where you have no `` friends '' , only `` comrades '' . Smith knows there 's something wrong , that he hates where he is . However , he feels he 's all who understands . No one opposes the `` Inner Party '' without meeting certain death.There are rumors , rumors of a society called the `` Brotherhood '' , a group that resists the Inner Party . After he comes across Julia , a woman that has the same discomforts as Smith , he then comes across the Brotherhood.Orwell does an outstanding job of addressing the faults of society and the path the government seems to be headed down . This is a timeless novel that will be enjoyed by generations to come .
 1984 is a truly amazing book - probably the best I 've ever read . Orwell keeps the reader interested from the very beginning by describing a world that is so different from our own , yet ironically it 's a world we can all relate to . There is so much interesting detail on each page , you can ponder and debate every section of the book seemingly forever . From Winston 's illegal diary in the corner of his room where he is hiding from the telescreen , to his torturous questioning in Miniluv where he is being brainwashed into thinking that two plus two is five , this is a superb book . Doubleplusgood .
 As Orwell 's 1984 is conventionally viewed as a `` political '' novel , it 's value lies more in the deeper psychological meaning the book conveys , as Erich Fromm eloquently expounds in his afterword . More in this respect can the book be viewed as meaningful across both time and nation . It definitely is not just a novel for the disgruntled paranoids in our time and country as the political point of view might have it . As Fromm basically explains , the book is fundamentally an expression of the `` deepest alienation in the minds of organizational man '' . In light of that , you might say that Dilbert lovers would appreciate the book .
 this book simply changed my view of things in life . it sucked me in after a few pages , and the reason i really like it is that he writes one of the most engaging plots , yet he still has relevant views . i love his ideas , and how he carries it all to the extreme . i am now reading `` Brave new world '' which , although has a different idea of the future is really similar . I first read I984 when i was 11 , and since then have read it countless times . I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who thinks they can handle a good read .
 1984 would have to be one of the most intelligent , insightful novel I 've ever read . It has a lot of major themes that we face today and because Orwell wrote this in the 40 's , make makes it even more haunting . I would highly recommend this book to absolutely anyone . It is fantastic novel .
 This book was a fightening read . It seems so preposterous , and yet it 's all true and all possible . We have to wonder when , not if it will happen . As soon as you put the book down your own future becomes insecure . Not for the weak of mind or heart ! It 's not just literature , it 's history .
 Reading all the reviews has been fascinating ! A great and deep book is somewhat like a Rorschach inkblot , allowing the reader to place their own personality and ideas atop it .1984 is part of the world 's literary culture , something that is of value beyond the quality of the story and the writing . It 's a satire , not a prophecy or prediction or a sci-fi novel . `` Satire has , as its prime purpose , not to comment or wound so much as to reform . It seeks to mock , or invert , or exaggerate with the intention , that by doing , idiocies may be corrected . '' -LRB- Stephen Murray-Smith -RRB- The fact that dictatorships , of a wide range of colors , are currently in something of a decline suggests that Orwell 's efforts at reform are slowly working.There are many deep parts of the book . Orwell explores the psychological role of language and control of thought by language , something which seems to be an on-going experiment in the USA today . Despair , hopelessness , human frailty , human resilience , love , betrayal ; Orwell deals with so many themes in this rich work.Yes , it is deeply disturbing , as good satire should be . Yes , we can see the parallels in our own societies and lives . That is as it should be . 1984 is not an action book , as action and excitement are anathema to control . Satire can be very hard and not very funny , and can take us time and a sense of history and society to grasp properly.It is good that the book is read in schools . You may not fully understand it at the time . Return to it over the years . It is a warning to our cultures and societies about possibilities , but you must understand something of societies and cultures to understand the book and its warnings fully . Let it be a guide to you , not a prescription .
 THIS BOOKS WHICH WAS WRITTEN IN 1956 SHOWS HOW THE AUTHOR IMAGINED THE WORLD IN 1984 . The story takes place in a strange world where you have to leave your TV on all the time.where you have to use the double mind to forget that the country is at war against one country one day and an other country another day.This world is a vision of what could be the world in 1984 . Of course , we are quite far removed from that , but with webcams everywhere we can think we are not quite so far as it seems from this.That is why this book is so interesting because it is both near and far from us .
 Orwell 's classic book on thought control , mind control , body control and just about any kind of control you could think of , is a powerful book that many people hold in regards to as being prophetic . Time has passed and other realizations occur , however , this book still stands as a monument , not only in fiction , but in our understanding and use of technology as either entertainment or mass media awareness , ergo ; programming . With Erich Fromm writing an afterword , which he cites many examples that displays different types of utopias/thought controlled societies , discussing the psychological aspects of a society that is shaped in such a way , reminiscing from his own book Escape From Freedom . A classic book in every way , and may best be appreciated with Huxley 's Brave New World -LRB- confer Neil Postman 's ` Amusing Ourselves To Death ' -RRB- . Highly reccomended in any study of literature .
 I first read `` 1984 '' in Russian samizdat back in the USSR , and thought that the importance of this book will not survive the collapse of communism . Boy , was I wrong ... The similarity between Orwell 's Ministry of Thruth and the mainstream US mass media is really striking .
 Orwell was a prophet . He introduced such words into our vocabulary as ` newspeak ' and ` thoughtcrime ' which have forever changed the way we look at government . No one who has n't read 1984 can truly call themselves politically literate .
 In a utopian society there is no pain . There is no disease , and there is no jealousy of any sort . What would happen if there would be no thought allowed too ? Would not this eliminate pain , worries , and jealosy ? Would it be chaos , or would it create the ultimate utopian society ? In the city of Oceania , one man would dare to question the paradisiacal utopian society which was created . Winston Smith was alive during the glorious revolution , when Big Brother and the Brotherhood commandeered control . From then on , there were three basic rules
 1984 was for me the most interesting book I 've read in 2000 . Though the book is written in a time in which the political spectrum in the world was totally different , this book still has a high warning rate for everybody who is thinking that freedom , or better said , being free , is something that is well assured nowadays . The treath of being dominated by ` things ' , and not , is with the continuing rise of the technological influence in modern society still a great treath . Besides , we already have a Big Brother . The TV-program with the same name , which started in my home country , is now conquering the world . As if this program does n't demonstrate the fact that we are about to loose our knowledge for making ethical decisions . 1984 is still a warning for everybody , and therefore highly recommendable .
 George Orwell 's horrific representation of Oceania , a world power and dominating force throughout the story , is a frighteningly realistic presentation of how governments work . Orwell displays the common theme of disinformation -LRB- called `` doublethink '' -RRB- used by government powers . Although 1984 has come and passed , the idea that governments can gain totalitarian control through complacent , uniterested citizens is not far from present conditions . 1984 is an excellent read , filled with wondrous insight for everyone .
 Nineteen Eighty FourThe book nineteen eighty-four is a novel of fiction written by George Orwell in 1948 . Orwell 's book is set in the year 1984 and is an account given by the main character Winston smith . In the book we find the world is broken into three different governments -LRB- Oceania , Eastasia , and Euraisa -RRB- , and that Smith is a citizen of Oceania . Oceania is ruled by a tyrannical form of government known as the Party , which is controlled by a dictator referred to as Big Brother . The Party is broken-up into several branches called ministry 's , and Smith is employed at the Ministry of Truth , which falsifies any records that would hurt the reputation of the Party . So the society in which Smith is accompanied essentially believes everything they are told , what to do , say , believe , and so on . Smith however gains a conception that this is not right an that freedom is better than tyranny . This however is constituted as one of the most serious crimes in Oceania ; it is referred to as thought crime . In this society people are punished for not believing what the government tells them even if what they proclaim is absolutely ridicules . For instance , that 2 +2 = 5 , and if there is no evidence either supporting or conflicting that , what they have said must be true . At the end of the book Smith is tortured for committing thought crime and eventually released virtually unable to think for himself . I believe , if there is anything we can take from Orwell 's novel , it is that freedom is precious , and should not be taken lightly or for granted , and that we as Americans should never forget the price that our fore fathers paid to receive it .
 This is one of those books that you here so much about before you have a chance to read it . It makes you seem to think that you know what to expect from cover to cover . You are flat out wrong . Yes , with an overbearing government and a subversive hero this work had me riveted and unable to put it down until I had read it twice . The book can also be likened to a modern day example of Machiacelli 's `` Prince '' and had definite anarcho/commune supporting undertones . One of the members of the Inner Party takes the time to explain in detail how a political group can stay in power . The surreptitious `` Book '' explains all there is to know about class struggle and how to eliminate it . Fantastic as both a political and as a literary work .
 To some up this book , it is a novel written about the future -LRB- 1984 -RRB- written in 1949 . It is based on a fictional new world order that arose from the history of the world and especially world war I & II . It is a deep look into what could happen if government gains too much control of our everyday lives . The suprising thing is that you can draw parrallels with many of the features of our modern lives . If youve heard the terms `` big brother '' and `` thought police '' , this is where they came from . I recommend this one it 'll make you think twice about our lives of emails , cameras , political correctness ... etc. .
 Set in the imaginary totalitarian state of Oceania , whose population is controlled in word , deed and thought of the Party , the menacing but unseen Big Brother , the Thought Police and all - pervading propaganda . The main character Winston Smith , tries to stand up for the truth and humanity but is broken by the system . 1984 is an anti-utopian novel that examines the dangers of totalitarian rule and the loss of individual freedom , which is arguably a satire on Stalin 's USSR . It seems that governments will never learn the lessons from history ...
 To all those kids out there who say , `` aw man , not Orwell , this is so boring , I hate it , blah blah blah '' Grow up . I 'm only a freshman and I loved this book . Orwell has to be my favorite author of all time . Animal Farm and 1984 are two of the best books I have ever read in my life .
 A lot of schools assign this book to kids for their English classes . I wanted to point out that in a lot of ways , a person of that age can get more out of this book than someone of a more advanced age ... High school is one of the times in life when conformity , and the perceived importance of fitting in , can be at their most intense , and their most frightening , as social forces . This book takes those ideas , those forces , and magnifies them by a thousand times . Think about how scary it would be if you literally had no libraries . And not only your town would have no libraries , but the WHOLE WORLD had all its records re-written every few years , so the adult version of the popular kids -LRB- `` The Party '' in this book -RRB- could tell everyone what to think , who to hate , who to like ... I think this is a really terrific book to think over . In a funny way , a reader of that age might even want to compare it to Stephen King 's `` Carrie '' -- in Stephen King 's book , a lot of the background to the story is all about conformity , and how the good kids hate it , and some of the bad kids seem to use it as a sort of funnel for hatred , to funnel all that bad energy toward a few kids , to hurt them . I think in this book , Winston Smith could be seen as a parallel to Carrie -LRB- the character Carrie , not the book -RRB- , only , unlike Carrie , he ends up breaking down in the end . This is not a fun , happy story , but I think a lot of kids would really respect themselves a lot more if they make themselves actually think about the story .
 It is a classic for a reason . If after reading it you are not frightened by what you are seeing on television then just read Amazon 's new privacy policy . Big Brother does not need cameras and agents and room 101 , you are gon na tell him everything he wants to know to get a better deal online .
 Interesting book . I first read it in 1984 and had a lot of fun picking out the items he got correct . I reread it recently and it is even more fun . The writing is not real uplifting , but all in all it is a good book . Everyone should read it .
 i suggest that everyone read this book , if you really want to see what life is going to be like in the near future ... this book is a great fortune teller . its ideas of dictatorship and totaltarianism were well ahead of his -LRB- george orwell -RRB- time . he deserves to have a statue of himself erected in every city in the world . if you dont read this fine work of literature you are seriously depriving yourself of an understanding of the world in a way you could otherwise not see . .
 It 's hard to describe what I personally consider the best book ever written . This masterpiece novel works on so many levels , that I guess every reader would find something else in it . For me it deals with the basic and most important issues in life , society , government , wars , religion , education , brain-wash , the place of the individual , the hardship of being alone -LRB- physically and mentally -RRB- , the concept of holding two contradictious thoughts at the same time , the position of the individual in history , the nothingness of being human , love , family , loyalty and betrayal , the instinct of any animal in nature to survive , and so much , much more . I read the book at least 5 times already , and find myself doing it every year or two.I 'd also recommend everyone to watch the excellent movie adaption made in the year in question , starring John Hurt and Richard Burton , which I think is one of the best book adaptions made for cinema . While it ca n't contain all the levels and issues presented in the original book , it adds images and voices and makes the reading of the book extremely realistic .
 a wonderful novel , makes you feel more secure and also more independent in this world.one of my favorite novels . definitely in my top ten of books I have read , I never get sick of it.a must have for any library.-winston
 The protagonist Winston Smith works as a minor member of the ruling Party in London , under the leadership of ubiquitous Big Brother , who has never been seen except on telescreens and posters which are hanging everywhere . The posters keep reminding him that &#65533; Big Brother is watching you &#65533; and by means of telescreens he is indeed observed day and night.The Party disapproves of art , of sex and of any kind of spriritual activity.In these conditions it is quite impossible for the individual to lead an authentic life and to express emotions except those in the daily recurring procedure of the Two Minutes Hate.Every Party member knows the worst crime to be commited is &#65533; Thoughtcrime &#65533; which means to be affected by wicked thougts against the totalitarian regime of the Party.Winston is bothered with dreams and memories of past times and provoked by secret glancesfrom O &#65533; Brien , a powerful member of the InnerParty.Winston meets Julia , a dark haired rebelling Party member.They begin a love affair in a private room and both agree that love like theirs will destroy the Party.Later on , Winston receives a message from O &#65533; Brien to join O &#65533; Briens secret group , the brotherhood , whose obeject is also to overthrow the Party.After reading a frobidden book written by Goldstein , the enemy of the Party which contains the philosophy and the ultimate goal of the Party , Winston is convinced that the hope of the future lies in the proles.His world collapses when the Police crashes into the room.He is held prisoner and tortured in the Ministry of Love , where O &#65533; Brien spends months trying to brainwash him.At the end Winston &#65533; s spirit is broken &#65533; . . I enjoyed reading the book &#65533; it informs much about the conditions people had to live under in totalitarian regimes . . for example in Nazi Germany or Stalinist Russia.The novel also reveals the cruel , inhuman and merciless methods used by the Communists in the endless tortues of brainwashing &#65533;
 1984 is a great read but not a compelling one . It can be a little hard going at times . The characters are a little frustrating thus making it a little annoying to read . Still it is a great classic and well worth persuing to the end .
 1984 is a classic and rightfully so ! It does not matter that the year has come and passed without such a world but there are subtelties that resemble such a world . In the wake of recent events the atmosphere -LRB- in the U.S. -RRB- is begining to strikingly resemble some of the aspects of Orwell 's nightmarish world .
 There are things . which can be felt but ca n`t be explained . This book is one of them . If you have n`t read it yet , read it and if you ` ve read it , read it once again and then one more time , one more time . Then you ` ll see that Orwell ` s prediction is everywhere in our lives . i HOPE you ` ll see it and if you see it once , you wo n`t be able to throw it away from your mind ! if you ` re brave enough , read it and CHANGE it . PS
 1984 is a lovely book . In it we find bland descriptions choreographed with a rhythmic , powerful force of language and an internalized graphic depiction of a mind on the brink of rebellion.It is false to claim that this is a ` probable future ' , as many of the issues and threats of the time of the prophecy have come and gone and been resolved by the evolution of society . But the meaning is lasting , regardless of your meaning of oppression.There tends to come a time in life when everyone feels oppressed , trapped by the state of the world and angered over their perceived restrictions . In the case of this novel the specifics of the dictatorship are agonizingly detailed , the interest maintained by Orewell 's natural story-telling abilities and spectacular wit . But the meaning is meant to go deeper , filtering away the extremist exaggeration of the satirist and searching for clues in the muck of human nature.These issues are timeless and therefore the threat of 1984 will never likely go away . There will always be either a real or perceived oppressor and there will always be a basic human instinct to rebell . Nowhere is this principle more lucidly articulated than in 1984 .
 As an American , I enjoy freedoms that are alien to the majority of the world . If this had any effect on my life , it made me appreciate where and how I live my life . The book itself was very well written and entertaining . The beginning of the book was depressing to the point where I did n't want to read it , but as I progressed , I started to enjoy it . It was very difficult to emphasize with Winston because I can not imagine the world he lives in . As I reflect on the book as a whole , I realize that it was more than worth my time to read . Every person who reads this book gets something different out of it , but I can guarentee if you read with interest you will get something out of it .
 I think that George Orwell 's 1984 is one of the most interesting works of literature I have ever read . Orwell uses this interesting story to warn people about the dangers of a socialist government , and the extremes that it could go to if it went in that direction . In this extreme example of totalitarianism , the government can watch your every move , control the past , and even restrict what you think . He uses superb insight , and makes it really interesting by going deep into the psyche of the main chatacter , Winston Smith . I greatly enjoyed my reading experience with this novel . I would definately reccomend this book to anyone who wants a novel that will make them think , and who is not afraid to question their opinions about the truth . If you are looking for a quick read that wont make you look to deep , dont try this one . This is one of those books where you have to take rests and comprehend what youre reading , especially at the end . The beginning of the book was a little slow , and a bit repetitive , but towards the end it really picks up and gets very interesting . Once I got into the last 50 pages , I absolutley could not put it down . The last part of the book was packed full of suspense and action , even if the end was a little depressing . The story , about a man and the woman he loves who are trying to rebel against their oppressive government , gives you glimmers of hope throughout the novel . Sometimes you truly believe that they can overcome the oppression of a government that does n't let them feel normal human emotions or think for themselves . However , in the end I was left with a slight feeling of despair and lonliness . Even so , I am very glad that I read this book . No other book I have ever read has made me think more about what our perception of truth really is , or a government 's ability to take away mans right to think and act like an individual person . This book brings up so many interesting issues , and it makes you ask yourself questions that you usually would n't think about . If something happens a certain way , but there 's no records of it , and noone remembers it that way , did it really happen like that ? Can a government take away a persons right , or ability to think for themselves ? Is it possible to change history by changing the documents ? Read this book and decide for yourself !
 THe Party dominate all aspects of life and Big Brother is everywhere with cameras and microphones . Winston Smith is the central character whose diary gives him away along with his affair with Julia . Both are brainwashed into thinking The Party is always right , despite evidence to the contary and Winston ends up staing his love for Big Brother - the `` victory over himself '' . O'Brien is Winston 's nemesis in breaking him down and is a most interesting characther . ...
 just go out and read it for god 's sake ! one of the best books ever written , and able to change your belief structure on society to such a level it 's amazing . Once you 've read it , test yourself , and one day pick up the book and read a page , and see if it 's possible to leave it at that ... :-RRB- i know i ca n't do it . This novel exists on so many levels , it 's astounding . I read it in grade 9 , and thought i understood it . I just read it again this year in grade 13 , and I saw so much more within it . Forget all the hype around it , just read itfor yourself and enjoy !
 I just wish my school would assign this instead of animal farm , it 's a great book . I especially liked the part when Winston starts to read Goldstein 's book . The concepts Orwell expresses through this part are very interesting and some of them may be applied to the current world situation . Great book . The afterword on this edition is quite interesting too .
 As an avid reader , time and time again I 'm asked what my favorite book is . I remember I had to read 1984 for a school assignment , and if I had known the first thing about it BEFORE being assigned the reading , I would have read it anyway.Time and time again I answer these folks that 1984 is one of my all-time favorite novels , as it offers some frighteningly real and chillingly recognizable flaws found in society , that , if not ammended , will result in utter destruction.Orwell 's foretelling of that negative utopia is brilliantly portrayed . Even if you 're not an avid reader - or do n't consider yourself to be - read this book anyway - it 's not difficult reading.And with the countless allusions encountered in daily life , you 'll be a better person for it .
 George Orwell 's 1984 was a wonderful book . His style of writing was so unique and believeable . Orwell creates an elaborate future -LRB- which is now our past -RRB- which is perfectly plausable . It is an utterly frightening representation of what could be ; a government which controls the people under them even in their personal lives . They are intimidated into submission . A beautifully phrased portrait of horrifying circumstances . While I could not put it down . It absolutely intrigued me . Already it has become one of my favorites . I could even relate parts of it to my life.I 'd reccommend this book to anyone who is thinking about - both young and old . It is a wonderful piece of literature . I know that I 'll be reading it again . For the full message of this work is something that deserves to be read twice.Five stars .
 I sat down to read George Orwell 's novel on a Tuesday night while my family had dinner in the next room . For the following few hours , their dinner conversation was interrupted with my bursts of anger and frustration . `` How can you call the destruction of words beautiful ?! '' I cried . Orwell writes so convincingly that it frightens the reader into thinking , `` What if Oceania really existed in that form ? How could I break free from the oppression , the mindlessness , the fear and anger that surrounds all aspects of life ? '' It creates a level of paranoia , especially since there is no happy ending . The main character , Winston , is never freed from the bondage of being brainwashed and held captive in his own mind . For if we are not free to think , we are not free at all . However , I think Orwell succeeds best in terrifying us to the point that we are sure to count our blessings and be sure not to take for granted the beauty of words , thoughts , and freedom .
 George Orwell has another hit . Animal Farm was only a glimpse at his intellectual genius . This story takes you on a carefully regulated emotional rollercoster . You will go from intense shock to indignation for the characters involved . This small glimpse into what Orwell considered to be our inevitable future has left me with a strong sense of denial . Everything from the telescreen that watches your every move to the mere thought of a `` thought Police '' force gave me the shivers . There are several interesting implications for example the use of a term called `` doublethink '' which implies that people can hold two contradictory thoughts in their heads at the same time and beleive them both to be true . overall this book was an amazing peice of work , there was never a time that i put it down unless i had to . i would definitely recommend this to any person who wants to take their mind for a ride .
 George Orwell is a master of the English language , his superb style of writing and the intensity of the story is sustained throughout.The novel covers a timeless issue . Orwell attempts to shock us with the extremities that exist in a totalitarian society whose ultimate purpose is to obtain power . Perhaps these issues , as mentioned in the afterthought , are relevant in areas apart from totalitarianism . Perhaps capitalism is also a class distinction where money is representative of power.These and other issues are covered , proving Orwell 's brilliant writing genius .
 George Orwell had my attention from the first to last page of his novel 1984 . 1984 is a fascinating and mind-inducing novel . The story of Winston Smith 's struggle through life in Oceania is extremely captivating and thought provoking . Orwell 's sharp , detailed descriptions paint an image of an unforgettably unique society . His story is a detailed description of a man living in the worst case scenario communistic society . Orwell 's ideas and images are extremely brilliant . His extreme communist society brainwashes their citizens to become emotionless , violent , and thoughtless . I was mesmerized by the way the society dehumanized its citizens . People had no freedom what so ever . The concept of people having the inability to think , loves , and express themselves is engaging . I found 1984 to be an extremely thrilling novel , I recommend it to anyone interested in a classic and contemplative piece of literature .
 I really enjoyed 1984 by George Orwell . I thought Orwell really captured what a dictatorship can do to a country . Big Brother was obviously a `` parody '' of some infamous dictators of the world -LRB- Stalin , Hitler -RRB- . It was also very interesting to see how Winston acted . He was not a pure outsider , who is only trying to help his fellow countrymen . He is actually a true rebel . His actions , his dreams , his thoughts of sex and his readings of books are all signs of the rebellious actions of an outsider of the government . But , in contrast to Orwell 's great portrayal of the rebellious Winston , is his lack of depth when it comes to Julia . She seems to be only into the rebellious act of sex , and that is about it for her . She is otherwise pretty subservient to men . And , I loved the ending simply because tragedy , or just an unhappy ending , is always an interesting way to end a story . I thought the way Orwell had Winston captured , tortured , and then having him turn into a supporter of Big Brother , all through the double cross from O'Brien made it a brilliant way to end the book .
 I thought the book 1984 was great . It really made me think about weather or not I was pro Big Brother or con Big Brother . At the end of the book I decided to diagree with Big Brother . It is too powerful and controling . There are some forms of Big Brother that we think nothing of and do n't even care that they 're around even though there it 's watching your every move . 1984 was an awsome book that kept getting better and more interesting with every page .
 1984 is a timeless classic and was an extraordinary book . While it did get a little dull at times the book was extremely interesting throughout the whole book . Just trying to imagine myself living in a place and time like that was pretty difficult . I thoroughly enjoyed this book and reccommend it to anyone who would likes classic books with a different twist .
 This novel is an excellent book that deserves all the credit is has gotten . The intricate main character , Winston , can relate to many of us , as he hates many things of the world . He is , obviously , in a different situation than us , but the theme of the books entiretly is an excellent lesson for us all . I reccommend it 100 % !
 What if there was someone watching your every move ? For Winston Smith , this was a reality . A radical political party , simply called the Party , had taken control of life in Oceania . Its citizens had no choice but to mindlessly follow the reign of terror . Winston and his lover , Julia , banded together to secretly revolt against the Party 's authority . Orwell 's 1984 is a disturbing warning , forcing people to examine the freedoms they take for granted . This book is a haunting shadow of what may have been . Although the novel was lengthy , it is interesting , thought-provoking , and worth the time . I would recommend this book to readers who enjoy taking a closer look at themselves and their own society .
 The first half of this book was excellent with a sound plot and a great setting . However , the huge essay from `` The Book '' would have served better outside of the story , as a companion book . The ending itself was wishy-washy with the character become a Big Brother enthusiast in only a few pages . Although , I did n't like the end , I must say it was a lot better than many books in this `` future gone wrong '' genre .
 One of the most unbelieveable books I 've ever read ! This shows what will happen if we keep allowing our dependence on government to grow and keep electing DEMONcRATS .
 Like with Brave New World , 1984 is and inside look to the Progressive Collectivist mindset . Again , all the concepts are there
 George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four creates a nightmarish regime of totalitarian terror in which the protagonist , Winston Smith , lives an uncomfortable and fearful existence under the watchful eye of a seemingly benevolent despot known as ` Big Brother ' and his infamously brutal ` Thought Police ' . The novel conveys its themes and ideas by providing an insight into the life and mind of Smith , a secret rebel working in the propaganda department of Big Brother 's omnipotent ` Party ' - a tyrannical political organisation that also encompasses the middle and upper classes of the entire society . It is a story in the genre of classic science fiction novels that delineate the plight of individuals who seek freedom from the oppression of futuristic authoritarian dystopias ; most notably Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' , Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , and Anthony Burgess 's `` A Clockwork Orange '' . Like the authors of these other famous books George Orwell was influenced by the physical and ideological struggles that characterised the two World Wars of the 20th Century ; inspiring his rational philosophies and views on the political concepts of nationalism , socialism , communism and fascism . As a result the totalitarian terror and intense ideological debate invoked by the text does not make for light reading , but the novel is an acknowledged literary masterpiece that is recommended to all mature readers .
 I 've had to do alot of reading this year for my AP English class , and this is one of the best books I 've read so far . It was so captivating ! I had to force myself to put it down . I loved how new elements were always being added into the storyline . After I got through the first two chapters I was hooked . It sucks you in , and I like a book that keeps you wanting to read more and more . I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone , especially if you like to read about what man 's future could be .
 Anybody who sees 1984 as simply an attack on Bolshevism and Fascism is missing the point , for Orwell was attempting to show his readers what totalitarianism would look like in Britain and/or the United States if forces and trends already in motion in the late 40s and early 50s were to go unchecked ... . Folks , Old George was quite the prophet , because the Inner Party -LRB- with virtually all of the wealth and political power in the nation -RRB- , The Outer Party -LRB- with their 401k , Toyota Camrys , and houses in the suburbs -RRB- , and the Proles -LRB- doing the underpaid grunt-work , their minds numbed to reality by sports and popular culture -RRB- all exist today in America . In a time when government intervention is more pervasive than in any other time in our nation 's history , 1984 is essential reading .
 I ordered this for my teen son , he loves the book . I was kind of surprised how much I had to pay but I guess this book is still popular .
 it is weird how it is extremely resembling , the book , to some facts that actually are happening now day . , and speaking in pure story , it is awesome and you should read it
 Never has a book made me think so much and yet be absolutely terrified for the future . Ending is very bleak and gives one the impression that all hope is lost , but I still highly recommend it .
 Mind blowing and all to real . You will view things different and understand what is going on in the world and especially America , no matter what political/religious views you have .
 Even if you 've read this classic before , it is a must read in reflection of current economical and political environment .
 &#8220; 1984 &#8221; by George Orwell is a dark prophetic look at the life of Winston Smith , the protagonist of the story , who lives under the rule of Big Brother who is the figurehead of the Party , the evil totalitarian government of Oceana . The story is told from Winston &#8217; s perspective as he falls in love with Julia , which is forbidden as all devotion must be reserved to the Party . He also has an unusually warm relationship with an Inner Party member by the name of O &#8217; Brien who turns out to be Winston &#8217; s ultimate antagonist as he represents the Party in his every action . The reason that this book is such a timely piece of literature for today is that the world around us is going through dramatic changes in its structure . None of us could know where this cycle will lead , but Orwell provides us with a nightmare of where the tide of history and government could come to rest and how an average man may live and feel under such conditions.While this does not naturally appear as a love story , it does actually take an important look at a dark side of love and devotion . The Party demands more than absolute obedience ; it demands the love of every subject . Even to the degree that no other love interest can be maintained . It is a very religious theme , similar to what you might hear during a Sunday morning sermon or straight from the Bible , &#8220; Anyone who loves his father or mother more than Me -LSB- Jesus -RSB- is not worthy of Me &#8221; -LRB- Matthew 10:37 , New International Version -RRB- . Winston &#8217; s love for Julia is ultimately the reason that Winston is tortured mercilessly and his love for her is what is used to finally break his will at the climax of his incarceration in the Ministry of Love.Winston also maintains a curious relationship with the stories antagonist , O &#8217; Brien , throughout the story . Early in the story , the two of them share a glance which indicates to Winston that they have similar interests regarding the overthrow of the current system . As it turns out , O &#8217; Brien has been working throughout the book to entrap him and presumably anyone else who might be caught up in ideas of overthrow . He is ultimately Winston &#8217; s interrogator , torturer and re-educator . However , even as he is being horribly tortured , Winston continues to hold a very high regard for O &#8217; Brien as he notes , &#8220; The peculiar reverence for O &#8217; Brien , which nothing seemed able to destroy , flooded Winston &#8217; s hear again &#8221; -LRB- Orwell , 1949 , p. 225 -RRB- . Winston would go on to betray Julia , but would never lose his admiration for O &#8217; Brien.Orwell &#8217; s story takes the idea of &#8220; big government &#8221; to its most extreme conclusion . The story is particularly timely in a day when our own nation has clearly voted in recent months for a larger , more intrusive federal government . America has shifted over the years from larger to smaller , less regulated government and back again throughout our history . However , it is interesting that Orwell gives an idea of how one party was able to stop the pendulum from swinging by ensuring that average people were stopped from obtaining wealth . Orwell -LRB- 1949 -RRB- uses the following passage to describe the process used to obtain total control of the society
 A great page turner . Featuring one of the most creative plot lines i have ever read . Amazing imagery . Great characters .
 1984 is a classic not because it is a tale of beauty , in fact its the exact opposite . It is probably one of the ugliest books ever written . That does n't stop it from also being the most necessary book ever written . This book is a reflection not only on Totalitarian society , but on our own . `` Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two makes four . '' That line is probably my whole philosophy on Government and the world . Even though this book really is not for the weak minded , or people that easily buy into whatever the media gives them , I think that any educated person has not truely been educated unless they have read this book .
 1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as `` Big Brother '' Orwellian and such . These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues . This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms . Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future . Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin 's corrupting the ideals of Socialism . He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.The plot to 1984 is n't so important as the setting . Basically the story follows Winston Smith . Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment , for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions . Not loving the government -LRB- thought crime -RRB- is the only crime that is recognized . Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city , included mandatory TVs which ca n't be turned off , only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which `` thought police '' may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time . Social interaction does n't exist , since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.There are three classes of people in London
 1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as `` Big Brother '' Orwellian and such . These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues . This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms . Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future . Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin 's corrupting the ideals of Socialism . He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.The plot to 1984 is n't so important as the setting . Basically the story follows Winston Smith . Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment , for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions . Not loving the government -LRB- thought crime -RRB- is the only crime that is recognized . Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city , included mandatory TVs which ca n't be turned off , only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which `` thought police '' may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time . Social interaction does n't exist , since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.There are three classes of people in London
 1984 is most likely my favorite book . Most of my friends didnt get it or didnt like it but i found it really really excellent . If you have n't read this book and like to call yoourself aware you are crazy.This book opened my mind . Everything about it is good . The characters are very likable and developed . I am 15 so you might be surprised that I have read it but it is incredible . If you want to be a punk kid you need to read this book .
 No person can justifiably call themselves educated or `` aware '' without having read this book . This book is a warning . It would n't take a great leap for the world we know today to become the world presented in 1984 . In fact , it 'd be much less of a leap than it would have been in 1949 , when this book was published . Read this book . When you 're done , ask yourself , `` is the world around me getting less like 1984 , or more so ? '' Then ask yourself , `` what are the chances that that pattern will change ? '' Keep an eye on the world around you , lest one day it keep an eye on you ...
 If you want a book that you can relate to life today this is a great selection . It is important to approach this book with an open mind . You can read it for simple enjoyment or you can read it as a social commentary . Either way it is still a good book . Above all this is a book that should make everyone who reads it want to fight for their rights and liberties . It would be helpful to understand some of the different political movements that are brought up in the book and their foundations . Try to examine capitalism , socialism , facism , and communism . Basically most of the `` ism 's '' . This will give you a greater appreciation for Orwell 's work .
 This Orwell future dystopia thriller is my personal favorite of the dystopia books . Not that I do n't like Brave New World , but this one is much more , uh ... realistic . Anyway , it 's a chilling story of outlawed pleasure and independence . A man and his illegal girlfriend go against the Party . The rest is yours to find out .
 Obviously , the year 1984 has long since passed , but that does not in no way plague the george orwell novel , it merely adds to it . 1984 is a masterpiece , a look into where he thought the world was turning to , and where it could possibly end up 35 years after the novel was published . It is a story about negative utopia , where the people behind Big Brother believe they have created the perfect world , where there are no freedoms . Heck , one of their three slogans is `` Freedom is Slavery . '' the others are `` War is Peace '' and `` Ignorance is Strength . '' The lead character is Winston Smith , who has been one such human who has lived both in this new `` perfect '' world and in the world of the past , where everyone lived in peace , where they were not watched 24 hours in a day , where their THOUGHTS were still a private issue . He thinks he can remember back where life was lived how anyone wanted to live it , but no one around him believes him . How can this be ? There is no past . Ironically , Smith even works in the Ministery of Truth , where he is among the many who receive newspaper clippings and other data which he must rewrite to make it look like Big Brother is controlling the people perfectly . If there is a shortage of crops ? Winston merely writes in that the years previous crop yield was less than the current years , so the yield is no longer a shortage , but a surplus . Rearranging the past trickles down to the roots of Big Brother , where with a simple eraser , people easily believe that Big Brother life is much better and offers even more freedoms than the life people had been living in the past . It is up to Winston Smith to change this view , find some evidence that life before Big Brother was more peaceful . A truly must read for lovers of any genre , eaily one of my all time favorites . It took over a couple pages for me to realize that I was hooked . Not only does orwell offer us a look into his version of the future , but in turn offers us an incredible ending , with a shocking last four words .
 `` 1984 '' is more or less what awaits us at some point in the future , I believe . In this prophetic novel , George Orwell shows us a future world under strict totalitarian rule , without freedom or democracy , where nothing is allowed and any offense is severely punished , where everyone is under surveillance , and there is no privacy , no freedom , only mandatory obedience to state police control and government authority.David Rehakauthor of `` A Young Girl 's Crimes ''
 One of my favorite books of all time , George Orwell 's masterpiece is well worth the money . The world he writes of is fascinating and sad at the same time , making it a wonderful read . Hopefully its readers will learn something from its themes .
 Orwell writes beautifully of the horrors of a future withoutthought , without love , without language . This book is aboutthe erasing of memory and with it the human soul . Finally wehave the articulation of pure hell where a human beingis likened to a cockroach ... watched , forever , watched .
 Even though George Orwell was a socialist he chronicled totalitarian socialism in this book and he like most socialists did not realize that is exactly where all socialism ends up and is where we are all headed.He coined things like big brother is watching you , newspeak , thoughtcrime and doublethink ... and thoroughly goes over what a socialist society does to language to limit thought , and the ability to discuss any idea in order to stop treats to its self or even simple changes much less a full revolution.Have you noticed all the cameras the government -LRB- Big brother -RRB- is putting up all over the last 10 to 15 years ?
 Classic book , should be read by everyone , a cultural keystone of the 20th century .
 It was sad reading this book because more and more of Orwell 's fiction is becoming reality with each passing day -LRB- with people gladly surrendering their freedom for feelings of `` security '' since September 11 , 2001 -RRB- . By reading all the reviews , a prospective reader will know who Winston Smith is , what he does for a living , what got him into `` trouble '' with the Party , etc. . But what one ca n't grasp from these reviews is seeing what Winston goes through in his `` re-education , '' that is his brainwashing in order to toe the Party line again.I never suspected old Mr. Charrington as a member of the Thought Police -LRB- who set Winston up from the door -RRB- and his `` comrade '' O'Brien was a real piece of work . While in the Ministry of Love , when O'Brien told Winston that his mind was like his only Winston was insane , I thought , `` How delusional we are . '' But , then again , `` What can you do ... against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself , who gives your arguments a fair hearing and then simply persists in his lunacy . '' -LRB- page 234 -RRB- So many of the things that Orwell wrote in 1949 have turned into fact . The far right religious and political folks have used `` 1984 '' as their blueprint for absolute and total hatred -LRB- whether intentional or not -RRB- . One of the requirements of being in the Party is that a member was prohibited from learning foreign languages or having any contact with a foreigner at any time -LRB- other than to see them rolled by as prisoners -RRB- . Maybe that 's because `` If he were allowed contact with foreigners he would discover that they are creatures similiar to himself and that most of what he has been told about them is lies . '' -LRB- page 174 -RRB- This should be required reading for everyone and a blueprint on how to reject an absolute dictatorship bent on complete mind control and historical alterations .
 So I guess after Suzanne Colins wrote The Hunger Games a bunch of other people decided to write reality show books because they wanted to make lots of money too . And this is one of them . Big Brother is a show where a bunch of hot people live in a house together and hook up all the time . Like `` jersey shore , '' only they are trapped in the house and no beach . But in the book which I guess got taken from Big Brother show , its like a countrywide reality show and everyone is trapped in the country which instead of Jersey Shore is called Oceania so I guess its set in Australia or something ? But the idea does n't change . Everybody wants to stay in teh country and not get taken to a little room called 101 . In the mean time people talk really wierd because its the future even though the book is 1984 which was like 30 years ago . Way before I was born . So why do they make us read it in school ? Like none of it actualy happened even though I do n't remember the 80 's . What I did n't get about the book is why people do n't just say whatever Big Brother wants them too so they can stay out of room 101 . Like you have to say that two and two are five , and red and blue make orange , but you have to actually believe it which is really confusing . Even though his girlfriend Julia says they should just make stuff up like the government wants , winston who is the main character tries to start a rebelion . he just ends up getting attacked by giant rats or something . So do n't rebel unless you like giant rats.So in conclusion , this is a great American classic and you should read it , it says how important it is to rebel against the power even if theres no reason to .
 this book is one that still blows me away when I re-read it ... I have to ask myself I think he was so in the know , just the date is off , or the plan `` THEY '' have for us keeps getting push back.either way , you have to have this on youe self , or next to your bed for that matter .
 This book contains supreme beauty and the worst ugliness . One of the greatest works of the 20th century , one all should have a go at .
 George Orwell 's futuristic novel is one of those books that will change your life . I read 1984 probably 30 years ago and still , almost not a day goes by where I do n't think about it . You will never consider language just a form of communication ever again . It should be required reading for every student .
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston smith1984
 The book 1984 by George Orwell is wonderful book about the effects of communist on society . Orwell does amazing job , showing both sides , society and ruler point of view . I think this book is for someone who willing read a challenge and has to have an understanding of what there reading .
 I 'm not going to take long with this one . simply put , this is the long standing # 1 of mine as far as literature goes . nothing else comes close . I was profoundly affected by this book when I read it as an adolecent . it is the only book that has ever made me cry . truly it is a masterpiece in every sense of the word . I am extremely glad that many high schools in America consider this required reading as part of their English curriculum . especially in this day and age , it is absoulutely vital .
 I loved this book from the first time I read it . However , then , as now , I think many people miss the point . Orwell wrote 1984 as a commentary on the contemporary issues of his time . The only way he felt he could do this was to project it into the future , hence the date `` 1984 '' . The political oppression , the control of our minds , the hopelessness of the masses , and their eventual capitulation to `` BIG BROTHER '' were in existence then , and are in existence now . Who can doubt it , when you listen to the political `` DOUBLESPEAK '' that we get from our `` BIG BROTHER '' today ? As you go about your day today , and especially this PAYDAY , reflect on the doublespeak concept `` LESS IS MORE '' . Perhaps that will enable you to get through another week , or month , or maybe more . And , if you start to feel that you are being singled out for suffering , and how unique you and your situation ARE , think of another Orwellian concept , paraphrasing a little from his work `` ANIMAL FARM '' ; all of us are UNIQUE , but some are MORE unique than OTHERS!MICHAEL
 I know that some of you might be high school readers looking to give a book report and scouring the reviews trying to find some nuggets on which to base your report . A lot of these reviews do look like book reports do n't they ? This book is hard to appreciate in high school . It has many layers and really stretches the reader -LRB- which is why they want you to read it in high school - to stretch -RRB- . Anyway , I will add my two cents to the 1000 + reviews already here.This book paints a dark picture of the future -LRB- even though 1984 is past us , it still paints our future -RRB- as we go torward more government control and intervention . The book forces us to ask serious questions - how far are we willing to go ? What role does freedom play ? What does freedom mean ? Orwell 's masterpiece - though Animal Farm is also a good one .
 Orwell is gifted at making us believe this futuristic society . I can definatley see the government trying to cover up every mistake they 've made as though they 've never been wrong , watching us constantly , and making us afraid to even think a negative thought . I 'm just glad I have the freedom to say2 + 2 = 4
 Orwell was a socialist , who had served in the Spanish Civil War fighting fascism - a true believer . However , the betrayal of ideology , mass murder and abuses by Stalin in the name of socialism prompted Orwell to write _ 1984 _
 Many readers have trouble digesting books that are commonly accepted as classics . Books written many years ago often times fail to resonate with the modern reader . 1984 , a book more than 50 years old , is a true classic that anyone can enjoy.Unlike many accepted classics , this is not regal , dry , stuffy , nor thick . 1984 is mostly a light read , with some exception towards the end when Winston starts repeating from ` the book ' to Julia . Other than that , words generally flow down the pages , and you quickly find yourself engrossed by the story , such that it becomes hard to put down ... and hard to stomach at the same time.Orwell creates a world that is both absurdly terrifying yet strangely familiar . Strangely familiar because of what we see happening right now in our present day history . Orwell proclaimed that he did not think 1984 would happen , but that it could happen . If he were still alive today , he would be no less convinced that it could happen.Today , reality does not give us leadership which is this draconian . 1984 presents a possible reality ; a reality that is an extreme case of government gone bad . While I do n't see this as our eventual fate , I enjoy the eye-opening approach Orwell takes in creating this story to make his point.The result of his foreboding is eye-opening and fear-inducing . Those familiar with Animal Farm will recognize his ability to paint a very nefarious , yet realistic , scenario in which leaders of any societal order strive to exclude . Those not familiar with Orwell are in for a treat and should read Animal Farm in addition to this.This review is being written in early 2003 . At the moment , US politicians are attempting to create legislation which will enable federal agents to track every electronic move that people make . In light of that , this book is a required read . Disregarding that , this book is still a required read.While I do not think this book represents a potential reality , it does highlight the danger of losing one 's freedom to think independently . And in that vein , Orwell forces you to ask questions about the core of humanity and just how far things could possibly go.In perusing some of the 821 reviews of this book , I do n't think it 's fair to say that this is the best book ever written , or even one of the top 10 for that matter . It is a good book , and one that I highly recommend . But I can not in good faith call it one of the best ever.The only issue I might have is that Orwell does assume that the average person is so mentally broke that he could allow this to ever happen . I do n't know if this was his aim , or if it 's to proclaim this * would * happen if the upper echelon got their way . Then again , in the day and age of media-fed TV junkies , perhaps he was more right than he could possibly have known.A very good book and certainly worth the read .
 I was so upset to learn that this is no longer required reading in advanced English in high school . I ordered it for my son , because no one can be considered well read without this in one 's history .
 To me , Big Brother has to be the scariest fictional villain I have ever encountered . His `` picture '' is everywhere you look and it appears as though he is always watching you . Everyone believes in him but you do n't know if he is an actual entity or just an omnipotent idea . This is the trouble the Winston Smith faces in `` 1984 , '' a chilling novel by Orson Wells.Those who believe in Big Brother do so religiously while those who do n't are stuck in poverty on the fringe of society . Winston believes there is a way to topple Big Brother and the answer lies in the non-beliving masses . The problem is that they have no idea what their situation . Winston must find a way to organize these people while avoiding detection from the Thought Police.Mind control is rampant , people disappear , and `` history '' can be changed with one slip of paper in `` 1984 . '' The scariest part of this novel is that , in the information age we live in , there is the possibility that someone is always watching you . This novel is a must read for a society that hopes to avoid the level of big government that could lead to the situation contained within .
 I was blown away by this book , could n't put it down . The similarities with today are a bit scary . It 's a great horror without the horror , if you know what I mean .
 George Orwell was the pen name of Eric Arthur Blair . He first gained fame for publishing 1984 . He was born in 1903 in Bengal , India and died in 1950 . He was poor until his 30 's . He was frightened by communism and his books reflected that particularly in Animal Farm.The author 's goal in this book , 1984 , was quite simple . He wanted to frighten people about a totalitarian , technologically backwards society where truth is changed to what is the present people say . What they say is are lies . The telescreens that are mounted everywhere destroy privacy everywhere but in the slums when they are like cameras . There is no such thing as love . If discovered , the secret would condition it out . There is a constant fake war as an excuse to make goods and then destroy them . There are 3 types of people , the proles , the outer party , and the inner party with all the wealth , goods , mansions , and servants.The author without a doubt achieves his goal . It is akin to detonating a brick of C-4 to swat a fly . He definitely frightens the reader into a coma . The reader 's own children turning them in for thoughtcrime . Could anyone imagine that ? No Bill of Rights ? Room 101 where all the reader 's worst fears come out and haunt the reader ? If there was a secret police , how would people live ? By looking over their shoulders , and holding low pitched conversations , thats how . Once the reader died , there would be no trace of the reader . No mention on the newspaper . It would just be changed the next day . The reader could n't say anything subversive , because the readers ' co-workers would turn them in . The worst of all is that speech would all be polarized . Everything that you said would have negative or positive connotations.The book has its strengths , when it describes the antiques shop and how there was relics like china . The description of Newspeak and the different ministries abbreviations are also strengths . The abbreviations are just a way of getting the mind to conform to new values . It was all about perception.The weakness is when the baser instincts leak through into actions . One example is when Winston wanted to rape Julia because he thought she was part of the secret police . Another is the very graphic screen , when Winston is getting interrogated and sells out his love for Julia just to get the pain to stop . It is a little too strong in my opinion .
 George Orwell 's book 1984 was a tremendous , very enticing book . It shows a government under which no one can trust anyone . Everyone has to watch what is said to everyone because there is always a chance that the other person they are talking to is a spy.It starts off with Winston questioning what is going on in the government . He is wanting to revolt against them . He realizes that all the people are changing the history everyday to go with what the government says.He is n't careful of what he does and he gets caught . That goes back to always watching what the characters say around other people because if they are n't careful , they will get caught . That leads to George Orwell 's purpose of this novel.George Orwell was a very good writer . He had a reoccurring theme in this book and in Animal Farm , which was communism . In 1984 , he showed his vision of how the world would be if communism took over . There would be no freedom , and one supreme ruler , or in the book , Big Brother.Orwell accomplished his goal in this book . He was warning people against the negative aspects of communism . It may have been a little dramatic , but still there is not much freedom in communist countries . He showed that the government would have a hand in everything , even what people said in private.This book has many strengths and a couple weaknesses in it . The first strength is that it is written very well . It is put together so that everything fits together perfectly . Another strength is that it is a very enticing book . Once the reader picks the book up he or she ca n't stop reading it until it 's done . The one weakness it has is the ending . It somewhat just cuts the reader off at the ending . It basically says Winston gave up on loving Julia and he accepted the party . So , Orwell is saying that Winston gave up and accepted communism . Overall though , it was an excellent book .
 `` It 's a beautiful thing the destruction of words '' This appelation coming out of the mouth of a character Syme seems strange for any author to intone , tantamount to writer 's heresy . In a way , this whole book was about heresy , ` thoughtcrime ' towards the regime which ruled Airstrip One . This book will be able to teach a lot about politics in the modern day . The only place where it really strays is at Orwell 's atheistic uterances . Otherwise a great read .
 `` 1984 '' -- or `` Nineteen Eighty-Four '' in the Oldspeak -- is one of those books prophecizing doom that has remained relevant enough to generate a famous Macintosh commercial , a `` Simpsons '' parody , and a reality television series named for it among other things . What allows `` 1984 '' to remain in our consciousness and not a relic of the post-World War II , Cold War , Atomic Age era is that like the book of Revelations , `` 1984 '' 's dire predictions can be adapted for each new generation . `` 1984 '' 's epic battle of good versus evil does n't take place on any plain of Armageddon , but rather within the mind of one man
 This is a great book , as is Animal Farm . It 's horrifying , enaging , and sad at the same time . I also love the language . Nineteen Eighty-Four is probably one of my favorite books ever .
 In this negative-utopia , the world is a place of despair , brainwashing , and lies . For 39 year-old Winston Smith , he is one of the only persons to realize it.While the world is at an everlasting war , `` Big Brother '' , the leader of Oceania , is in a way , omnipotent . He controls the past , as everything he says is true . He controls you , as you are forever watched and observed . His lies are accepted as truths as there is never any proof , because all is either altered or destroyed . Everyone knows that the present is better than the past , simply because there is nothing they can compare it to . The world is lost of individual thinkers.Winston knows that `` The Party as they are called , and Big Brother , are wrong and that they are manipulating everything , but only his memory can prove it . As Winston attempts to find ways of defeating The Party , his hopes rise and fall , with the meeting of Julia , his secret love , and O'Brien , his political rescue hopeful . His defiance against Big Brother rises to a turning climax of confusion and surprise.George Orwell creates an stunning image and almost a warning of a tainted future bound to destroy our meaning of living . The book written in 1949 , was based on the World War and what frightening alternative may have happened.While the author is truly talented and creates an astonishing picture , the book seems to rush too much into details in some instances and be slightly vague in others . After reading the book one is felt that some questions are let unanswered , even though all the answers are there . Yet again , I mention the vagueness of some parts . Instead of giving an excerpt of what Winston is reading , Orwell gives almost the entire book , and while this is incredibly creative and shows immense talent , it also leaves the reader bored and tired , although , it does play a bit of an important event.Overall , it is clear to see why this book has become a classic over the years and is frequently read or referenced . It provokes the mind to wander and raises an incredible amount of questions about our society today , and the future of Oceania . It creates a vision of horror and keeps us alert of the way we are heading now .
 This book is one of the most unique and thought-provoking books I have ever read . This book is so unique because , at times , it can be interpreted , espeically in today 's society , as both a fiction book and a non-fiction book . While the characters and happenings throughout the book are fictitious , the parts of the book Orwell dedicated to his social commentary/critiques are entirely real and relevant to you as a reader.As stated by many reviewers , the most amazing thing about this book is that it was written almost sixty years ago and has only gotten more appropriate as time has gone on . It took me longer than expected to read the book because there were times when I put the book down and thought about the accuracy and depth with which Orwell disucess society 's structure and how clear he presents himself on the page ... all done in 1949 ! A supurb novel , social commentary , and read . Do not pass this up .
 There is a reason why 1984 by George Orwell is a classic . One of the reason is that this book is entertaining . This you can find in many classics . Another reason is that the reader feels for the characters . This can be found in many cheap paperbacks that you find in supermarkets at the end of aisles , so that is n't it either . This book makes you think about what you are not used to thinking about . This is better , but still does not make this book a classic.This book also is very easy for the reader to enter the world of INGSOC and Big Brother -LRB- be careful , he could be watching you -RRB- . This could be the reason . However it is the combination of all 5 of these elements that make this story a classic .1984 revolves around your average-Joe , Winston Smith . Winston works for the Department of Truth -LRB- falsifies the past to make it the truth -RRB- . He is satified with his way of life that involves thought-police -LRB- an FBI of sorts that makes sure you do n't think any bad thoughts about INGSOC , the ruling party -RRB- , double-speak -LRB- a language that is used to keep people from thinking bad thoughts -RRB- , the Ministry of Love -LRB- prison/torture chambers -RRB- , Ministry of Peace -LRB- War Department -RRB- , Party slogans -LRB- War is Peace , Freedom is Slavery , Ignorance is Strength -RRB- , and , of course , the Junior Anti-Sex League -LRB- so the government can control human reproduction -RRB- . Winston finds himself inlove with Julia . Julia pretends to be a die-hard party member , however she actually plans to overthrow the party . Winston finds himself friends with a person that could cost him his life.The story of 1984 is really a great page turner . In fact , I HAD to finish it as soon as possible because I was worried about what could happen to the characters . The suspense is second to none.I found myself making connections between our world and Winston 's world . That is what makes this book easy to relate to.I would suggest this book to everyone over the age of 13 or 14 because this book is a true masterpiece . However it would be a little too scary for anyone younger .
 With freedom on the Internet under attack after big business already mugged the rest of the media and turned them into government sock puppets , this book is more important than ever to read . You may hate Winston Smith for going against himself in the end and being forced to call defeat a `` victory '' but blissful ignorance and non-cooperation and no motivation of putting checks and balances on the elites , whether we 're talking business giants or our ever-corrupt politicians especially the neocons will only make it easier for the government and their henchmen elite to take away what previous generation Americans had long fought for and that 's the BIG WARNING this book sounds the BIG ALARM on ! Read it , drop that ignorance , and help take back America while there 's still a chance to salvage what 's left after the damage done for decades !
 Who are we kidding ? Orwell was n't talking about communism . That 's what Animal Farm is for . Orwell wrote 1984 to attack capitalistic fascism for fascism is ALWAYS the final stage of capitalism . If the book were about communism , as many have suggested , then why in our post Cold War world that has seen the unforseeable demise of Soviet power do we still have to read it ? If the major premise of his book is that communism is dangerous , then why read this book since our experience contradictorily indicates communism was only a danger to the Soviets ! If you do n't see that 1984 is about America/England , i.e. Oceania ! and our socalled western capitalistic democracy of untold Nirvanas then you 've taken the ultimate soma holiday . A patriot criticizes his own government and in a democracy the people are vigilant over THEIR government first and foremost . Orwell was writing about home , England , that 's why the action is centered in London , Airstrip One where industrialism and capitalism first took flight . The ultimate realization of this text , indeed any text , is the ability to apply it to our own experiences not the remoteness of some communist Cuba filtered through the Ministry of Truth , or Nazi Germany `` corrected '' to the point that it no longer exists . We MUST APPLY 1984 to our own experiences -- here and now -- in protoFascist AmeriKKKa or we will not survive room 101 .
 1984 was a successful record not only because it contained solid , catchy hard rock , but also because it incorporated synthesizers into the mix , the first metal album to do so to any serious extent . Although the advances in electronic music make this material sound dated now , it 's still a highlight of Van Halen 's career . Songs like `` Jump '' contain a pop element that gave 1984 mainstream appeal , and David Lee Roth turned the frontman role into an art form on songs such as `` Panama , '' `` Hot for Teacher , '' `` Drop Dead Legs , '' and `` I 'll Wait . '' To a large extent , it was 1984 that set the standard for '80s pop metal , and David Lee Roth who set the standard -LRB- or takes the blame , depending on your point of view -RRB- for the aggressively good-time attitude most pop-metal bands took for their own . -- Genevieve Williams
 1984 is a frightening novel by George Orwell , His novel -LRB- based upon tolitarian governments of the Soviet Union and Spain -RRB- tells the story of a citizen living in Oceania . The government is fighting a never ending war against Eurasia -LRB- a.k.a. East Asia -RRB- . The society is repressed and very poor . They are constantly making war machines and mutitions for the ever growing army . One citizen -LRB- Winston -RRB- slowly learns about the shame his life is and tries to break free from the government 's control -LRB- Big Brother -RRB- . Winston 's job is a that of a writer . He gets to make the news and other human interest stories . Life is mundane and dry for Winston until he meets the woman of his dreams . Can Winston survive the brutal regime of Big Brother ? Is their really a war ? Is this novel worth buying ? Check out 1984 . Sadly this novel is becoming true , Many parellels can be found , Oceania 's public enemy number one is a figure named Goldstein -LRB- Osama Bin Laden -RRB- . No one knows if he 's alive or even real . The war against Eurasia a.k.a East Asia -LRB- Terrorism -RRB- . Is this war even necessary or worth it ? The ever increasing threat of an unseen enemy . Revision and dumbing down of historical events . Enemies of Oceania -LRB- United States -RRB- shipping enemies of the state to the ministry of love -LRB- Gitmo -RRB- . Children being taught to snitch on their own parents -LRB- war on drugs -RRB- people ratting out others for not loving or speaking out against Big Brother and `` thought police '' -LRB- the Patriot Act -RRB- . Remember , Big Brother is watching you !
 This book was so deep in meaning . Everything , from every action was so meaningful.And the end was crazy how the Big Brother caught him and basically messed with his mind.They tortured him mentally and the end when he was only set free because big brother knew that he had took away his dignity . Smith was set free only to face the cold world with no dignity . Through out this book they teach that '' war is peace '' , `` freedom is slavery '' , and `` ingnorance is strength `` which is totally the oppsite of my beliefs .
 I have read this book 3 or 4 times and still find it relative to our society today . The way things are going we maybe heading toward a Oceania society , though police and war that neverends.Look at the patriotic act , the war in Iraq and terriotist . I would recommend EVERYONE READ THIS BOOK .
 1984 is one of the most important books ever written . Many people in the world think that Orwell was a hypocrite of everything , but in truth he was a genius who saw the numerous corruptions that go on every day and was able to predict what they would end up as.In the book he highlights many important factors of the human mind and shows why the one aspect of greed is the most dominant in all humans . Do n't listen to what other people say about communism or how it 's just another simple criticism of Stalinist society . The story takes place in Britain , not Russia ! Orwell challenges the ability of humans to be good-natured and not become completely absorbed with power .1984 highlights how the government can keep you blind to things that are going on all around you and can make you believe something that ca n't be proven without a doubt . You do n't know for sure that the Civil War happened the way people say it happened , when it happened , why it happened , how it happened and where it happened , because you were n't there . Orwell shows this in the book very well .
 Pros
 One is easily gripped by the horror and turmoil of 1984 . George Orwell 's novel about a totalitarian state and how it , the government , controls all the people of the state and tries to control thought . The book had a subtle and interesting plot . Orwell 's characters generally demonstrated the emotions received within the context of the story . Winston , Orwell 's protagonist , acted as a human trying to hold on to what makes him human his , emotions and ability to think freely . Now could a totalitarian state exist as it is portrayed in 1984 ? Yes , it could occur if we as humans do not fight for the liberty indebted to us by God . We fight totalitarianism by proper education , proper families , and proper participation in society . If nothing , else the message one should get from the book is to simply vote . If we as humans do act lackadaisical with our participation in the democratic governments , then we could lose the freedoms our fore fathers fought so hard to win . That is why one should read this book . One does not have to like what 1984 says or represents . Readers should then learn that `` Action is Freedom '' and stop a totalitarianistic societies from existing . As a literary work I thought the 1984 was a little too wordy and unfortunately forced up high school students . The ending is not what I hoped for , but none-the-less I think people should read this book .
 If you 're politically inclined , you 'll love this novel about Oceania . Though this book is fiction , you 'll find more similarities with your life than you thought possible . The symbolism is great and should be a must-read for any high school student in a high school civics course .
 I read 1984 a few weeks ago after having ordered it from Amazon.com . My reasons for this were because the book had been mentioned quite frequently on some of the websites that I freqent online , and with all that is going on these days with the government , and everyone 's fears -LRB- including my own -RRB- of our diminishing freedoms here in the United States , I found my site interested in reading this book . I have n't actually read anything else by George Orwell and not sure if I will or not , but I did enjoy reading 1984 and found it to be of great interest.Some of the parts throughout the book were scary . Some were sad . A few were humorous , such as when they were talking about the newspeak for the first time and how they wanted to get rid of a lot of words , which would no doubt make the language quite confusing . Much of the book was creepy , though , and I found myself comparing certain things in this book to stuff that was happening currently in the United States . While an exact replica of Oceania probably is n't likely to occur , it is very possibly , and unfortunately very likely as well , that the US may at some point in the near or distant future become something very close to what Oceania was in 1984 , and that 's what is so scary about it . I am not saying that it is a premonition set in stone , of course , but 1984 does serve as a warning that , yes , something like this could indeed happen and will happen if we allow it to ; if only more people would listen to it ... The character of Winston Smith was very well portrayed . He is a confused character throughout the beginning of the book , not sure where he stands , not sure if he is insane or not , though as it goes on , he becomes more sure in his stance against Big Brother , and his struggle to remain human in an inhumane society devoid of all emotion , save for a fierce loyalty and devotion to Big Brother.There is n't a lot of action and suspense in this book , so if you 're looking for that , you might do well to look elsewhere.On the other hand , there are a lot of interesting philosophies and politics discussed throughout the book , and its definitely something that will make you think long after you are done reading . Along with being thought-provoking , it lends a credible , yet very terrifying vision of the future .
 Like his earlier novel ` Animal Farm , ' George Orwell 's masterpiece 1984 explores the terror of totalitarianism . Both novels are cases of socialism gone awry , of revolutions which start out trying to throw off an oppressive government and end up establishing a new one which is even more oppressive than before . The masses -LRB- not very intelligent , according to Orwell , and easily manipulated and persuaded -RRB- are used by the middle-class to displace the upper-class , not so a system of equality can be established -LRB- though that is the promise given to the masses -RRB- but rather that a new upper-class can take the place of an old one . It is significant that Orwell , who was a believer in socialism himself , used socialism as the basis of the revolution , but it is also true that this concept can be applied to any form of government.This book expands upon Orwell 's message in ` Animal Farm . ' In that book , the animals stage a revolution -- in this book , the revolution is already accomplished , and the new government firmly in place . The government of ` Big Brother ' -LRB- the dictator figure of 1984 -RRB- allows its subjects no liberties and no freedoms whatsoever -- not even privacy in their own homes . The past-in the form of old media and history books-is controlled by ` The Party , ' as is the language -LRB- The Party is working on a system of language , which will eliminate any words which do not agree with the Party 's intentions -RRB- . The Party government of 1984 seems very exotic , since nothing of that sort has actually taken place . But there are still lessons to be learned.Perhaps the most poignant lesson of the novel is described by the ` Newspeak ' word `` Doublethink '' -LRB- Orwell coined this word -RRB- . It means , in effect , the ability to believe something even in the face of evidence to the contrary . A parent who will not believe her child would use drugs even when she finds them in his room is a good example of this . In fact , `` Doublethink '' is a much greater threat than we choose to believe . The genius of this novel is that Orwell is able to point out problems such as these , problems in our own society . Though most of the setting of the novel is extreme , many of the ideals and guidelines the Party teaches are real threats , threats we face today.This is one of the great novels of the 20th century . It is almost standard reading for high-schoolers , but this does not mean that it is a juvenile work of fiction . On the contrary , the mental dictatorship of 1984 is not an impossible threat , even today , and for this message the book is justly termed a classic .
 At the time this book was written , in the 1950 's , this book was feared as a posssible future for the world . This story is a bleak prediction of the future of man . Whatever they say is the rule , whatever they you think is ungaurdable , and even the smallest change in your apperence is subject for search . The biggest question of all though , is not how you can escapes , but who can you escape from . They know everthing that you are doing because of the telescreens located in every room and any thought of treason is picked up . This is the story about a man in this world , all alone , trying to figure out which is which . He knows the Party lies , and can even alter the past , but in a world where alliances wavor , and there is no certainty about who you are , how does he know he is fighting against the right people . Even if he can trust someone , there is another problem , `` Big Brother is Watching ''
 I can add little to the numerous compliments already expressed for this classic fiction except to say the following :1 . It is more than science fiction - it held relevance back in 1948 and has political relevance in 2003 . It is a story that explains with the utmost clarity how people can be corrupted and controlled by their political leaders .2 , If you find the political elements a tad boring then try the following abridged audio version . I very highly recommend the absolutely brilliant reading by an English Actor John Nettles . This audio version will persuade any doubter of the absolute genius of George Orwell.This audio version is so brilliant that even those who are familiar with the story will be in for a treat .3 . This novel gets better and better with each reading - reading it not only makes you more poliically aware but tackles the philosophical question ` what is human ? ' / ` what is real ? ` Worth every one of it 5 stars - one of the few ` must reads ' .
 Long before I read 1984 , I read Brave New World and Anthem . All three have similar subject matter
 This book was a blend of horror , mystery , sci fi and real-world polictal irony . It was masterfully writeen , with all the right words in the right places . I would highly suggest this book to anyone who enjoys the `` future '' -LRB- which is really the present , in Orwell 's case -RRB- . It is ver interesting to see how things were predicted to happen
 This classic novel , written in the late 1940s , is deeply imaginative and intriguing . Orwell 's insight into politics and human nature is brilliantly expressed throughout the novel , which vividly depicts a society in which people 's lives are monitored and controlled to an unprecedented degree . Many parallels can be drawn between this `` futuristic '' government structure and several present-day political regimes . Orwell 's ideas are clearly articulated and well expressed , while the story itself thoroughly engages the reader . Many of the concepts introduced in this novel have become embedded into the collective conscience of western nations . This novel should be taught in Canadian classrooms
 After reading 1984 it is easy to see why it is a classic . George Orwell 's predictions are a dark and terrifying world that captures the reader and forces them on . The stories told is one that may yet come to pass . The things he predicts have in some cases already been implemented in some areas of the world . I found the book to be a somewhat difficult read , so do n't expect to breeze through it . All in all I rate it a 5 out of 5 .
 I first read 1984 in 1982 . I was in my early teens , the Cold War seemed anything but that , and the fear of nuclear annihiliation was quite real . Although this fear has resurfaced in the last year and a half , at least in those years there was an antinuclear movement that gave some hope for disarmament . On my first reading , Orwell 's vision of a nightmarish future seemed relevant to both superpowers ' hopes for world domination . What has stayed with me through the collapse of the Soviet Union , however , was Orwell 's fascinating treatment of language and truth , his dissection of the ways people in offices of immense power , regardless of their political affiliation , distort reality to suit their purposes . The idea that resistance to such distortion begins with being true to oneself and decent to the people around you has sustained me through a dismal political era . In 1984 , Orwell shows how such truthfulness and decency are their own rewards.I 've read 1984 five times in twenty years and I 've recently taught it for the first time . It 's remarkable that Orwell 's perceptions , written over fifty years ago , remain relevant regardless of the party in power , whether there are two superpowers or one , whether people read 1984 in the radio age or the Internet age . In a society whose citizens are linked more by their spending habits than their political outlooks , where many personal desires are shaped by images of inaccessible lifestyles , Orwell 's perspective on language and truth , appearance and reality , become even more relevant than when they were first written.Readers often criticize Orwell 's pessimism but he did n't underestimate our capacity to go along with things as they are . He might have avoided this criticism had he made Parsons , the loyal , dim-witted Party member , a more prominent counterpoint to Winston . Most of us , sadly , do n't need to go to Room 101 to learn to love Big Brother . If we think of Big Brother as the various industries and ideologies that help us convince ourselves that seeing is believing , then we already , willingly , do .
 What a timeless classic , now that is a pun . . This is a work of art ; a have to read , Please read it to your kids !!! There is no doubt in my mind this is one of the best books of the 20th century unless big bother tells me defiantly . Do n't take the movie as the book `` the movie is good , but it 's not the book . '' Mind control government control , human corruption , And how it all can defeat love or can it?Victory Reviews `` EquinoX '' -- Remove `` Happyman '' -- Insert
 Anybody who has not read this book is depriving themselves of great literature . Not only does it depict a perfect example of a negative utopia , but it illustrates the way people were thinking at the time it was written . George Orwell is one of the best writers of all time , and this masterpiece is a prime example why . Once you crack open this book , you can not put it down . Bottom line , you need this book .
 When I picked up this novel at a bookstore , I really did n't know anything about it . However by the end of the first chapter , I could n't put it down . A great fiction classic about dystopia caused by a massive growth of socialism in the 1950 's and onward . Numerous plot twists and a great ending hold a reader 's attention all the way through . Also an interesting -LRB- and scary -RRB- comparison to our government and world today . 1984 is a facisnating book and can be read over and over . Read it !
 I loved it ! Wonderful ! Well Done .
 I finished this book yesterday evening , and have n't felt quite right since . Winston 's plight is the most harrowing read I 've ever experienced . I knew that he would be converted but I did n't want to believe it and the end was shocking . How Orwell managed to write this book is beyond me . I would recommend this book to everyone , it really opens your mind and is a thrilling read . Thank god for freedom !
 This is a great book . Because it has been unsuccessfully re-written many times by lesser minds people suggest this as the source . However , the book `` We '' by Eugene Zamatin , an exiled Russian -LRB- like Nabokov , or Dostoyevsky -RRB- , came first is even more powerful . I believe that it is out of print -LRB- at least the english translation -RRB- , but if there is enough interest in it that could be rectified . Also , now more than ever the theme of governmental control is very relevant .
 Filed under the Dystopian section of fiction , 1984 's cynical vision of an unsuperable dictatorship is a classic and profound work of literature . As in Orwell 's first novel , Animal Farm , 1984 exudes great amounts of irony and symbolism in an incisive and meaningful way.The story consists of a brief chronology of events in Winston Smith 's life . Winston is a disillusioned and repressed worker in the city of Oceania , a militaristic superstate . Winston believes that the bleek status quo was much better in his past , but do to the laws executed by Big Brother , the ubiquitous figurehead of the government , history itself has become alterable and destructible , and Winston ca n't mesh his thoughts into a coherent pattern . As Winstons circadian afflictions begin to grow on him heavily , a stroke of luck graces his misfortunate life when a beautiful young girl named Julia , who Winston was previously skeptical of , confides her love in him . Julia revigorates Winston 's life and becomes an evergrowing source of light and happiness to his newly formed being.On a balmy June day , Winston and Julia 's seperate peace is suddenly extirpated by a surprising twist of fate - Winston 's kindly old friend Mr. Charington -LRB- owner of Winston and Julia 's garret -RRB- , who seems unaffected by the party , betrays Winston and divulges his whereabouts to the Thought Police , a sophisticated and merciless law enforcing team . From here on , things rapidly decline for Winston . He is beaten , tortured , humiliated , and deprived of any small solace to help him . During this period of debasement and castigation , Winston is interogated by his fellow worker named O'Brian , who Winston looks at with idyllic love and compassion throughout the course of the novel . In the paramount scene of the novel set in Room 101 , O'Brian quashes all logic and sense that Winston tries to use against the Party , and succeedes in destroying every ounce of humanity left in Winston , forcing him to love Big Brother and betray Julia .1984 displays George Orwell 's outstanding brilliance in an earnest , captivating fashion . Orwell 's desperate , seemingly hopeless forebodings to society as a whole are thought to have been addressed to Communist or Nazi regimes , whose terrible dictatorships brought about the deaths of millions of innocent people . However , Orwell clearly illustrates that mutiny against any tryanical government is futile . One may be lead to believe that Orwell was a cynical , desolate individual focusing only on the bad or injurious parts of a civilization and the hopelessness of autonomous efforts to enhance goodness in a society . Contrary to this idiology , I believe Orwell 's 1984 is a an ingenius device that accurately portrays a society that will be formed from ignorance and repression , but through such a powerful novel , Orwell disseminates his profound and wise message to the masses , and aptly conveys his yearning for a just and egalitarian society for everyone .
 Through out the coarse of my reading carrier I must say that I have found only a few novels that may compare with `` 1984 '' . The cunning realism that is embedded upon every page is something truly worth reading . Personally as a writer I feel that after reading this novel I have grown and improved my own writing technique . Not to mention the actually genius involved in contemplating the elaborate world of restricted freedom and no piece of mind . George Orwell completely shatters all walls of possibilities when he introduces many variations of mass control as well as mass acceptance of lies . The complexity of the main character Winston Smith in itself is simply astonishing . So tragic and heart felt is his predicament that sympathy is quickly given to the fictional character . This is mostly because of the fact that certain freedoms that we have are taken for granted . While in `` 1984 '' the lack of freedom is equally accepted and taken for granted by the people of the novel . Which reminds us to think and judge for our selves what it is right . This is the utmost reason for me appreciating and taking to heart this novel . > > Thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak my mind ... < <
 This book is a work of genius . It is so much more than science fiction . In fact , it 's bleak vision of the world is scary because of its plausibility . It is so completely credible and convincing . It is brilliant philosophy , masterful thriller , and love story all at the same time.There is enough explanation about the plot of the book in other reviews , so I 'll spare you . This book captured me completely . Read this book if you like thought provoking literature .
 George Orwell wrote 1984 to show us his grim view on what shape life would take by the year 1984 . Orwell not only wrote about the world of the future , but also stood out by writing his idea of the supremely successful , and everlasting government , the anti-Utopia . Within the story Orwell created the Brother Hood , an evil organization with advanced technology and the desire for power , even at the expense of sanity . Winston , the main character of the story , is a comrade under the Brother Hood . He turns out to be quite the odd man out , since Winston is always seeking for some sort of salvation from the evil grasp of the Brother Hood . Since the Brother Hood watches everyone in Oceania , the country Winston lives in , twenty-four hours a day through two-way telescreens , all personal and social lives of its countrymen are eliminated . The Brother Hood skillfully takes apart all connections between its citizens , leaving them weak and alone , also preventing them from rebellious organization . The Brother Hood destroyed the bonds between family members by instilling pure fear , the fear that your spouse , or even your child will turn you in for thought crime . To commit a thought crime , it would have to appear that your mind is thinking in some way that is opposing the Brother Hood and Big Brother 's , the supreme ruler of the Brother Hood , bests interests . This is the Brother Hoods way of controlling what you think ; giving them the power to break a man 's sanity , and mold him in any way they please . This society formed as the anti-Utopia has one advantage over other ruling parties , it does not promise love and equality for its citizens in the end , but sets forth to create hate , separation , and total inequality among people , making their rule everlasting and indestructible .
 Orwell was a pioneer in this form of literature . His insight into a `` possible '' future held more accuracy than I 'm sure even he imagined.The book is a struggle of man vs. ministry . How far will the few in positions of power go to improve their personal ideals in the guise of overall social improvement?I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys dark themes . The ending had me in tears .
 I came to 1984 after reading a series of novels by Russian authors about life in Stalingrad during the onslaught by Hitler and then after the cruelty of Stalin . It 's easy to see how Orwell extended the grim realities of the concentration camps of Germany and the labor camps of Russia into this dark prophecy . Of course , in many instances his vision has become realized . Big Brother seeks to invade our privacy at every turn via electronic media . Governments pose rhetoric immersed in `` doublespeak '' . The Thought Police exist to bully our free expression . Power is exercised by imposing real human suffering upon multitudes . `` The essential act of war is destruction , not necessarily of human lives , but of the products of human labour . War is a way of shattering to pieces , or pouring into the stratosphere , or sinking in the depths of the sea , materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable , and hence , in the long run , too intelligent . '' Oil comes to mind here . And munitions . And diverse other commodities . In 1984 the war is endless . `` Everywhere there is the same pyramidical structure , the same worship of a semi-divine leader , the same economy existing by and for continuous war . '' Sound familiar ? The High , or the `` priests of power '' only fall when assaulted by the Middle and usually assisted by the Low classes . Then the Middle becomes the High and oppresses the Low for which change only means a new master . The protagonist , Winston , a `` minority of one '' questions his own sanity but ultimately defends the `` spirit of man '' as a force which can not be overpowered . In the closing pages we see Orwell 's true convictions about the infallible power of Big Brother and the triumph of the human spirit . This dark view has real overtones of Nietzsche and Machiavelli , who wrote with the view of realism based upon the inhumanity they witnessed in their heydays by `` princes '' with the `` will to power '' . But the `` spirit of man '' is truly formidable and can not be overcome , except temporarily , by totalitarian figures and corrupt democracies . The next US national election will be telling about down which road America will travel . 1984 is a cautionary , post-World War II tale but to say it 's unrealistically dark and could n't happen here and now is to overlook eons of history . And to be unconscious of the powers of orthodoxy infringing greedily and corporately upon the spirit of man in our time .
 Anyone familiar with the lives of the Russian people under Stalin and his GULAG -LRB- Main Camp Administration -RRB- system will notice the many parallels between it and a lot of the goings on in the novel 1984 . The story within the story is that of one man , 39-year-old Winston Smith , who works at the Ministry of Truth in London , the chief city of Airstrip One -LSB- England -RSB- , which is -LRB- p 5 -RRB- `` the third most populous of the provinces of Oceania . '' The party 's slogans
 The book itself is quite great . I 'll spare you all the trouble of another plot synopsis or critique . My one problem is that the OCR for this edition looks like it was done by an infant . There are consistent errors that one sees in OCR , the becomes die , time becomes tune , periods are missed , etc. . I paid money for this book , and I did n't expect it to have so may typographical errors .
 I just read this for the first time at 28 . Wow , what an eye opener . The things Orwell predicted in 1984 , such as the technology , is amazing considering how long ago it was written . The politics are messed up by current standards , but frighteningly possible . The tense mood of the book draws you in , and there are moments -LRB- especially near the end -RRB- that would be truly terrifying to experience . The chapter with `` Room 101 '' I read with a shudder.The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it bogs down a few times . I understand that this is to explain the world and how such a horrific existence came to be , but a slow start to any book is rather annoying .
 This book should be manditory reading in grade school . As a whole , 1984 depicts the world as many in todays world want it to be , but wo n't admit it of course , a world with out free speech , with out free thought , without the ability to critique and question ; yet Orwell created the book prior to the calamities we see around us . Prophetic in a fashion , buit also written in a time when PC sugar coating wasnt the norm and you could see and even say what needed to be said . Big brother is watching us , whether it be the ACLU , some church , some group of fanatics who want to take away freedom , the GOV ` t , whoever . This book shows the desolate result when human curiosity is censored and oppressed , and the will is stamped out . Dystopian literature is a good thing , it isnt all bells and happy ssmiles , but that is life , and in order to fight against terrible things you need to know why they are evil . This book shows why and how many things become evil even without the need for a diety . Collectively our `` Room 101 '' is not far off if we dont wake up and stop the idiocy of placating becasue we dont want to offend . Part of being human is being offended , part of humanity is the capacity to be unhappy ; some say being sad all the time is a sickness , but the person who thinks things are fine all the time I believe is far more ill because if you look around the world , things are not OK ; they are turning out alot like 1984 .
 The classic original . The reason we use the term
 If this book represents Orwell 's circa 1948 prediction of 1984 , he was n't exactly right , but he was n't completely wrong either . Some have argued that we now live in a pseudofascist state in the modern United States , in large part thanks to another George . I 'm sure Orwell 's book was profoundly influenced by the historical context of his own life , especially WWII . It 's certainly a very well written book , with vivid imagery and several memorable scenes . The movie version with John Hurt is also very well orchestrated . Author ofAdjust Your Brain
 Orwell has masterminded the collection of terminology resources that today we are aware of , but at times , I guess , without knowing their origin . Although modern terms like `` hatecrime '' and `` hatespeech '' in the book do not come to the surface , I am sure now , that they are implicit product of the heritage left by Orwell.The true value of a book is in the aftertaste , which urges one to think about human instincts and their function . And at the end , it is almost impossible to object to Orwell 's argument , that the strongest human instinct is self-preservation and only then comes the drive to procreate.Winston Smith lives in the society founded upon hatred , he believes in the proles , and rightly so . Regardless of the fact , that two , and in some cases , even three generations of the Eastern Europeans experienced a number of Orwell 's revelations to become reality -LRB- and to become truth ! -RRB- , they managed to change the course of events . In certain circles , though , the collapse of the Soviet Union is still being regarded as the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century . As long as such a view will exist , Orwell 's messages will not loose their urgency.Finally , I remember that those who studied the law in the former Soviet Union were taught that every crime is two-sided , having its subjective and objective side . While fully understanding what is being meant by first , there was some difficulty , though , among the students , in embracing the later . This novel is like a textbook to understand that concept .
 In 1984 , George Orwell extends the social analysis into a devastating critique of the principles and processes of political rule . The world of 1984 is divided into the Inner Party , or `` Brain of the State , '' the Outer Party , `` its hands , '' and the Proles , who survive in a kind of squalid freedom . The plot centres around the attempts of the one Outer Party Member , Winston Smith , to escape the totalitarian society in which he exists . His failure results not in execution , but , more chillingly , conversion , the surrender of his will . Nineeten Eighty-Four contains the famous sentence , `` If you want a picture of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever . ''
 For years I had stayed away from this novel because I feared it would be a whiny book about how the bad government was mean to us . I was dead wrong . But can you blame me ? Everyone nowadays shouts `` Big Brother '' whenever they see a security camera in a public place.I swallowed my apprehensions and bought this book . Glad I did.My first surprise was that the novel was far more subtle than I had been led to believe . I was intrigued , I wanted to read on , and I did.The first two parts are good , though I was n't affected more than that . I was interested in this new world , I still wanted to learn about it and understand it . Some passages are truly epic , such as the history and explanation of this new world . After the first two parts establish in practice and theory the world we 're in , the third part comes in , and that 's a wholly different ballgame.Without saying anything of the plot , let 's just say that I was mentally and physically shocked . By this I mean that I have rarely been so affected by words before . Everything * 1984 * exposed in its first two parts comes to a head in this third part and the point is gotten across with the force of a hammer to the heart . While I could remain safely out of reach during the first two parts , the third part had me . Newspeak , doublethink , all this stuff and more appeared to be pure evil , and if you 're someone for whom truth is the ultimate value , and someone for whom language is a vital proponent of our thought , evolution , and morals , then you should feel like you 're facing pure evil too.Orwell did what few authors have done - to my knowledge - in that he hits one of the biggest literary homeruns I have ever read . A boot stamping on a human face forever.I ca n't say enough about * 1984 * , but I will say that it was nothing like what I expected from the hearsay and the abuse of terms from this novel . The depth of this book is downright frightful . Pure evil inhabits this novel . Few books have made me feel this uneasy.I absolutely recommend it to anyone , and I also recommend forgetting people 's use of `` Big Brother '' and other Orwellian terms applied to things that are , in truth , far remote from what Orwell was writing about.Lastly , while this edition is excellent , do n't read the inside flaps as they give away major plot points . I could n't believe such major plotpoints would be disclosed in the flap , but it was . The people who designed these books seem to think everyone has already read them . Do not read the flap ! Take that dustjacket away as soon as you get the book and only look at it after you 're done .
 This book provides a dark but compelling vision of the future . It is n't always comfortable reading , but you are engrossed in the concept and the relationships in the book . One mans struggle against the totalitarian system is fascinating to read and the ideas of societies development is scary to consider . A classic book , well written and should be on every bookshelf.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 This is a timeless book that seems more true with each passing year . Despite being written by Orwell in the 40s , this classic novel is still relevant . Instead of the Ministry of Information , we have the TSA and other government authorities telling us things we know not to be true . Orwell was a prophet when it came to predicting how governments would try to keep control of information . Fortunately for us , there is no `` memory hole '' down which inconvenient facts can disappear - we have the Internet and the free flow of information . As Orwell wrote in his book , the story of our age is one of government against the individual . 1984 is a great cautionary tale and a prescient warning to all who love liberty , to be on guard against tyranny .
 Read it in high school enjoyed it then , and with all the unrest in society today , bought it for my collection , it 's scary how close it is to actually occuring .
 I see 1984 not only as the classic book people read for its metaphoric view of politics and history , but as a great novel as well . Its a highly entertaining book that makes you think and wonder , excellently written from beggining to end.If you have not read it , consider its among the best novels ever written , and one great page turner too.HIGHLY RECOMENDED
 `` 1984 '' by George Orwell is a great novel about what happens when a government becomes consumed with power . The story takes place in London in 1984 which was in the future when the book was written . London is part of a country called Oceania . The main character is called Winston.Oceania is continually at war with either Eurasia or East Asia . Once Oceania makes peace with one of those countries and goes to was with another it pretends in its government propaganda that it was always at war or at peace with whatever country it is at war or peace with.The majority of the population in Oceania are Proles who are like a peasantry . The elite people are only allowed to have sexual relations for the specific purpose of producing children but the Proles are freely allowed sexual relations.The citizens are kept under almost constant watch by camera-like screens . Writing in a diary is not allowed.This novel depicts a future where there are almost no human rights granted citizens . There is no privacy . Anything people do is known by the government . In our modern world so far this has n't happened in the country U.S. where I live . Due to knew technologies which could give the government a greater ability to watch its citizens there is a danger of it happening so this book serves as a good warning .
 This book is `` about totalitarianism '' and `` about socialism '' in the same way that `` Star Wars '' is about combat spaceships or `` The Matrix '' is about computer technology . If you read the book it becomes quite clear that the totalitarian regime depicted bears no resemblance whatsoever to socialism -LRB- it 's the opposite , a totalitarian oligarchy -RRB- , so when people say this book is a warning against socialism they are revealing their own practice of doublethink and so the warning of this book becomes even more important . `` 1984 '' is about the ways in which the human mind can become silently -LRB- and forcibly -RRB- stolen from an individual , and therefore from the masses , through manipulation of media , perception of scarcity , scapegoat-targetted engagement of strong emotions , and anti-intellectualism , among other things . All of these influences exist in our Western world , not merely in Stalin 's Russia or National Socialist -LRB- Nazi -RRB- Germany of the past . The afterword by Erich Fromm should also be required reading . I wish I could find this edition -LRB- with that afterword -RRB- in hardcover form .
 A confession from this reviewer
 George Orwell in his essay `` Politics and the English Language '' makes explicit his belief that language and thought are intricately intertwined , and in his masterpiece `` 1984 '' he makes this even more explicit.The protagonist Winston Smith is almost 40 years old in the year 1984 , making him as old as George Orwell 's adopted son who was born in 1944 . Under the Ingsoc -LRB- English socialism -RRB- system , Smith is an Outer Party cadre , but what he really is as a writer . He is neither a Alexander Solzhenitsyn nor a Noam Chomsky because there simply is no tolerance for any dissent whatsoever . He is trapped not physically but mentally , and every second of his life is like torture to him . As a writer he , like Orwell , believes that language permits thought which permits the self . What Ingsoc enforces is the negation of language -LRB- Newspeak -RRB- and the negation of thought -LRB- doublethink -RRB- which equals the negation of self.Newspeak is the reduction of language ino meaningless absurdity , and thus Newspeak is the ultimate bureaucratic language -- it eliminates all the nuances and subtleties of the language , making it only functional . Newspeak is the ultimate straitjacket for a writer.Doublethink is a mode of thinking that accepts contradictions , holding two opposing ideas to be both true . Doublethink negates logic , and thus higher order mental processing . More nefariously , it creates servility in most men , and duplicity in some
 I am a history teacher and always recommend this novel to my class when we embark on the 20th Century single party states IB paper . Orwell lived during the era of the great dictatorships of the 20th Century and was acutely aware of the brainwashing techniques such regimes used to control their populations . The concepts are clearly and horrifically articulated so they rattle the brain - ideas such as Thoughtcrime , the scrutiny of our innermost mental processes , and newspeak - the rewriting of the language to prevent any freedom of expression.Yet , more than this , Big Brother can also be read as a piece of English pastoral - scenes where Winston Smith conducts his love affair with Julia in the countryside , and his dreams and memories of the ` rabbit bitten pasture ' evoke a lament for a pastoral Britain in danger of being submerged by out of town shopping centres and motorway culture . George Orwell , changing his name from Eric Blair to encompass both England 's patron saint and one of its main rivers , was a true patriot in the best sense . His writing holds moral clarity towards the best of British freedom , and encourages us to think for ourselves as to how to carve out our own independence.No , we are not currently living in a dictatorial regime , and whatever the shortcomings of the present parliamentary system it would be intellectually lazy and insulting to those who are living under such regimes to claim that we are . but Orwell 's novel alerts us to the preciousness of the human mind , and its vulnerability to systemic outside forces that destabilise us . Which makes 1984 compelling literature .
 Bought this book as a replacement . One of the best books ever in my opinion . Orwell was right , he just got the date wrong !
 It has been nearly 20 years since I first read `` 1984 '' . I thought I hated reading as a child until I came across this book . It started me on my road of Poli-Sci-Fi books such as Animal Farm , Brave New World , etc. . It also made me recognize my interest in Non-Fiction books such as histories and biographies.Reading this book as a teenager and now in my 30s - makes a world of difference . There was much that I had forgotten . Now that I 'm older and worldlier , the point of this book is taken with much more concern . I do believe we have entered a stage in human history that consists of perpetual war and an eventual police state . While I read , I could n't help but think of the tome written by historian Carroll Quigley , `` Tragedy and Hope . '' Fiction and non-fiction running a parallel course.Twenty years later , I still do n't understand how George Orwell had such a keen grasp on human nature and managed to call himself a Socialist . This book and those like it birthed my Libertarian convictions . It is only with centralized governments , such as those that Socialism institute , that allow for such evils upon mankind as portrayed in this book.The `` Why '' does n't matter . Whether its Winston 's belief that The Party 's purpose of power is due to the belief that men are `` frail and cowardly creatures ... and must be ruled over and systematically deceived by others who were stronger than themselves '' OR O'Brien 's admission that the The Party 's purpose of power was simply for the sake of power . Whether Compassion or Despotism - the end result is the same . Man should never be allowed so much power over his neighbor , no matter the root cause of his intentions .
 1984 is the biggest achievement of Eric Blair as a novelist and anybody even slightly interested in politics , history or the future should give it a read . I think 1984 is one of the few books which you ca n't skip reading and just watch the movie . Very detailed , very thorough , very challenging - the book is more than 50 years old , and yet very very current . I 've read it more than 5 times now , but the paperback copy from amazon is definitely the nicest edition I 've had - printed on something that looks like recycled paper , roughly cut and printed in weird , but nice font - I recommend buying it .
 I want to address the people who rated this book low because it is just a warning about communism or socialism , and people who rate it high for the same reason . There are many aspects to this book , and one of them is that Orwell is warning anyone who wants to go extreme socialism that you can never get rid of the upper class type people , because even if you get rid of all the upper class , there are still going to be people in the middle class who want to be upper class , and see the revolution as their chance to gain power , or make things equal between them and those in power . They do n't want equality with the lower class , because they have nothing to gain from a society where everyone is middle class . This book helps revolutions , by warning them to be on the lookout for anyone trying to take power for themselves in the new government . It needs to be democratic in order to control those people . Orwell accepts it as inevitable that these people will always exist . The power hungry in America are mostly controlled by competitive elections , although having candidates that are similar defeats the purpose sometimes .
 This is such a great book ! I ordered it on cassette so that I could listen to it on a long road trip and the product arrived right on time in great condition .
 I read this book because I always hear references to it . References to `` Big Brother '' - references to `` Newspeak '' etc. . . I wanted to know what it was all about.What a disturbing book ! Have you ever watched `` The Truman Show '' with Jim Carey ? I 'm talking that kind of disturbing-only far FAR worse . It certainly lives up to it 's reputation on that account.It 's a great book , moves well and is very entertaining . This is another one where I finished more than half of it in one sitting . -LRB- Quite an accomplishment for a dad with 2 small children -RRB- I feel adding anything else would be risking a spoiler . So , get the book ... and be sure to finish it before `` Hate Week '' , OK ? I 'll know whether you do it or not ... I 'll be watching on the Telescreen , Comrade .
 George Orwell wrote of his conceptualization of what the world could look like 35 years in the future -- 1984 was published in 1949 . Orwell would not live to see that far into the future -LRB- having died only one year after the book 's publication -RRB- , but one can see how prophetic this novel is . Privacy has been a hot topic as of late , from the U.S. Patriot Act to the debate on abortion . This book conveys to the reader the true horrors of a `` Big Brother . `` He does this by the use of the world `` telescreen '' -- a device where Big Brother can see the citizen and even communicate -LRB- most notably with his demands and orders -RRB- with him/her . Actions of the citizens are not the only things controlled by the State ; thoughts are controlled , and history is constantly rewritten to exclude all that threatens the State . The mind is made to not only accept that 1 + 1 = 3 , but actually and truly believe it.One who cherishes liberty will find this novel to be the ultimate dystopia -- a work that makes one appreciate the freedoms he/she has and perhaps should not take for granted .
 A very well written piece of literature for its time . In light of the current state of affairs , it is rather frightening . It was a good read in High School and an even better fread today .
 This is one of my favorite books of all time , right up there with Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead . If you have n't read this book , and you are into politics , it is a must read for everyone !
 The term Big Brother is almost a cliche today , but I imagine most folks who use it have never read the book that made the name so infamous . For Orwell 's purposes , Big Brother was the personification of `` the Inner Party '' or just `` the Party , '' that 1-2 % group of elitists who ruled over the fictionalized country called Oceania -LSB- a.k.a. , the UK , US and all other English-speaking countries -RSB- . It 's ironic that Orwell was so pessimistic throughout this book since he was himself a socialist . His idea of socialism , however , was not so malicious , even though just as powerful . Like most idealists , he had hoped socialism would bring about an end to elitism , where the law of the jungle would be managed by a brotherhood of man -LSB- Humanism , the religion of the New World Order -RSB- . By the late 1930 's though , the soviet experiment was proving that true socialism was an impossibility for inevitably ruthless individuals always rise to the top , ulimately producing an oligarchy -LSB- rule by a few -RSB- . I see in the figure Big Brother another evil that Orwell would never have suggested , being an atheist/humanist . Big Brother is the god of this world , the prince of darkness , the devil -- Satan . The issue that allows me to make this connection is knowledge . Note throughout 1984 that Big Brother 's goal is to control minds by controlling knowledge . The `` Proles '' -LSB- 85 % of the people -RSB- were severely limited by their education , an education supplied -LSB- rationed -RSB- by the state . Sound familiar ? Do you ever wonder why public schools are failing ? Do you suppose it 's possible they 're actually succeeding in their intended purpose ? Of course , a more forceful control was required of `` Outer Party '' members , that 10-14 % given just enough education and training to perform complex tasks required by the state . Thus , the neccessity for the Thought Police -LSB- sort of like the PC pundits of today , only with official government power to cure thought criminals like pro-lifers , gun owners , Christian fundamentalists , etc. -RSB- . Then too is the application of `` Newspeak , '' that effort by Big Brother to control the minds of everyone by limiting vocabulary . Although a limited vocabulary does n't limit one 's ability to actually think , it does limit one 's ability to articulate what he or she is thinking , so that eventually the thought vaporizes . Knowledge is built on knowledge . Prevent a core knowledge from developing and you can essentially control how people think about certain issues . Unborn babies are n't babies ; they become fetuses . Sexual deviants becomes gay . And enemies of the state become anyone refusing to accept the absolute authority of the state.Where does Satan fit in with this analogy with Big Brother ? Was it not Satan who beguiled us regarding knowledge by asking , `` Yea , hath God said ? '' He has always tried to control our knowledge of good and evil , even to the point of quoting Scripture to the Lord Jesus in an attempt to trick the very Son of God into doubting Himself , if not the Father . Shortly after the 66 books making up the Bible were established as canon , papal decree forbid the lay Christian from possessing a copy of the Bible . Why ? More recently , modern bibles have been edited for political correctness and reflect the belief system of the Gnostics who were thriving in Alexandria , Egypt in the 4th Century . Gnostics denied the deity of Christ and absolute moral values , claiming only that which is spiritual matters , so what men and women do in or with their bodies does not . Thus the roots of moral relativism.All those who attempt to control knowledge , academic and biblical , are doing the bidding of Big Brother . Those who fall for it are little more than simple `` outer party '' members , foolish `` proles '' or scornful `` inner party '' members . Think about it.Other books similar to this one include the following
 Truly , a more bleaker look at the future you could never find.No one can advocate revolution , if the words to express revolution do n't exist.A fascinating concept on the part of Mr Orwell.This is the only book I could n't stop thinking about months after I 'd read it , and now with CCTV cameras just about on every street corner , in every city of the world , makes this story more relevant now then when first published.If there 's a bit of Winston Smith in us all , then there 's probably a bit of the O'Brien character too.Fascinating and terrifying in equal measure.Down with Big Brother ? ... . not likely.This is most deservedly , a Classic . -LRB- First published 1949 . -RRB-
 George Orwell did two supremely difficult things in this book
 Some books you read you enjoy and forget and then there are books that stick with you for the rest of your life . I can honestly say this is probably one of the most important books written in human history . One of the reasons is that it is an almost recognizably real dystopian world eerily close to the one we live in . This book is a stark warning of what we could become ; what unchecked government erosion of liberty can eventually lead to.If you read this , you 'll read the news in a different way.In the end , you 'll love Big Brother .
 Orwell 's _ 1984 _ has become such a part of everyday language , a re-reading was in order . I was amazed at how well his frightening vision of the future has withstood the test of time , and how easily one can read the present -LRB- whether the ealy 21st century or the mid-20th century -RRB- into his story . Truly , human nature has not changed -LRB- nor is it likely to . -RRB- Eric Blair , nee George Orwell , was a socialist and idealist whose hopes of a better world were dashed with the arrival of a Stalinist system in central Europe . His disaffection with this was the impetus for his book . It remains relavent today as governments contiune to attempt to manipulate and control their populations . -LRB- This has always been the case throughout history - a major difference now , of course , is the sophistication and technology at government 's disposal - Orwell recognized this . -RRB- While Orwell 's vision of the future has not come to pass -LRB- nor is it likely to -RRB- , _ 1984 _ remains one of the greatest books of the last century and is certainly worth a read - or a re-read as the case may be . Highly recommended .
 George Orwell 's bleak book is one of the top selling books of all time , currently selling over 750,000 copies every year . This volume is probably because many schools have the book as required reading , but it still shows just how important and powerful this book is in modern times.Written back in 1948 , the book was primarily a warning against the communism of Soviet Russia and what that style of government could do to society . Many of the phrases and images in the book have become part of our culture . We expect people to understand what `` Big Brother '' means when we refer to it . We talk about the `` thought police '' . If only to be able to understand modern conversation and references , this is a book to have familiarity with , just as having at least a passing knowledge of events in the Bible will help you understand references in culture to 40 days and 40 nights of floods , gathering animals up two by two , and so on.But aside from its position as a `` foundation of certain phrases in society '' , how does the book stand as an actual story ? As with most fables , it is very heavy handed . There are few shades of grey in this book . The government is Evil . Evil , Evil , Evil . They delight in being evil . The people are completely helpless and know this . They march around in their dingy lives , watching as things get progressively worse , and knowing they can not do anything to change it . Their life is going to suck , and then they are going to die . Even if they break the rules to grab momentary happiness , they know that this is doomed . They will be found out eventually.It is impressive that a writer in the late 40s was able to come up with some of the technology that he did , the pervasive ability of the government to watch and scan everybody . The ability for a power -LRB- government , media , educational institutions -RRB- to mold the human mind subtly had already been shown over the centuries in a variety of situations , so that was less of a stretch . Go to any corporation , any university , and you 'll find indoctrination being done at many levels , usually for `` good cause '' . Building school spirit by uniting against a classic foe is all in fun - but that ability to build up hate so easily gives one pause.On the other hand , Orwell missed out on the power of massive computer networks . With the advent of TV and the Internet , viewers have the luxury of multiple information sources . This is something unprecedented in our history . Back in medieval days , you only knew what your local priest told you as far as news went . Most people could not read , and few traveled . Even in South Africa before apartheid was abolished they refused to bring in TVs , for fear that the population would be able to learn about life outside their own lands . That isolation is almost impossible in modern times . With a computer , you can gain access to news sources from around the world - both commercial and personal . You can hear , from people in Sudan , what life is like there . Even in countries like China where they attempt to control access to certain sites , there is always a way out , to find out from different sources what is going on.The book is still of course a cautionary tale , a warning of allowing any particular power to go too far . It is a look into the way human emotions can be manipulated , and how a society can be pressed down . However , it 's important to remember this is a fable , a deliberate `` Bleak ! Despair ! Death ! '' overly cynical view of things . In reality , we have seen * many * societies who were pressed down , and who successfully rebelled . Mankind is far more resiliant than portrayed here.SPOILER ALERTA key scene in the book involves the lead character 's `` betrayal '' of his loved one . First he is tortured for months and months , something which makes little sense in any realistic viewing of these events . It is actually brought up by the character as being silly , and a throw-away answer is given . If the government actually spent this much time and effort feeding and torturing every single person who committed a crime , there would be no workers left . It is a plot device to ratchet up the tension in the story . The tension reaches its climax with a specific torture - the character is going to have a cage of rats attached to his head . This is , of course , his Worst Fear . To evade it , he asks that the box be put on his girlfriend instead . At this great betrayal , his heart is shattered.That this was some incredible failing that should have shattered his spirit does not make sense . Every human body has limits of emotional and physical pain . As much as we might value pride , honor , loyalty , love , or whatever else we hold dear , there will always be a point at which we will break . Knights who trained from birth to live a life of honor could be forced to confess if tortured for long enough . That is why things like cyanide pills exist in spy novels.Still , even though those parts of the story always nag at me when I read it , I do find the general lessons the book tries to convey to be quite important ones , and for that reason I definitely count this as a book that every adult should have read at least once .
 1984 overview/reviewIn the beginning of 1984 , Winston , you might think , is a normal Outer Party member , but when you get to the second chapter , it becomes clear that he is against Big Brother , the hero of the totalitarian state he lives in.An obscure friend of his , Syme , lectures him on newspeak at cafeteria 's , his `` Girlfriend '' , Julia , appears before as another Outer Party member , slipping a note into Winston 's pocket in the bathroom , reading , `` I love you '' . Confirming the fact that Julia does not want to kill Winston , but the exact opposite . O'Brien , the friend of Winston , though also his torturer in the Ministry of love , -LRB- Miniluv -RRB- incorporates him into a secret society , `` The Brotherhood . '' O'Brien gives Winston a quick glance , in turn beginning their friendship . Eventually Julia and Winston are found out by the Thought Police and both are brought to the Ministry of Love for torture , after which , Winston finds himself in a caf&eacute; . Winston is brainwashed into thinking certain ideas , ending with Winston himself succumbing to the thought police . A truly depressing and suspenseful book , a book that all should read.Even though Oceania is a controlled government , it still has signs of falling apart . Oceania is in constant war , and indicates that it is destroying itself , for the sake of the war , perhaps for propaganda . Newspeak is the language of Oceania , and a propaganda language as well , the three slogans that the party has , `` Ignorance is Strength , '' `` War is Peace , '' and `` Freedom is Slavery . '' Are quite untrue , but the Proles choose not to worry about it , while party members use `` Doublethink '' mostly.Suggesting this is a good book is unworthy , this is an AWESOME book , so you should read it , get depressed .
 1984 is a dark and melancholy novel depicting the life of the average intellectual in a totalitarian world . The decription is striklingly deep and realistic . People who have lived in authoritarian countries would connect a lot with this book . Orwell , with great skill , creates a world where there is no hope , love , or comprehension . The reader is bound to connect with the characters and indulge in the events . After reading this book you will perceive life and history in a different way .
 A preliminary : The site says that this is written by Erich Fromm and George Orwell . NOT TRUE . George Orwell wrote every word himself , and years later Fromm wrote a forgettable afterword . Do not give Fromm more credit than that.I own three copies of this book . I 'm currently reading it for the second time and it 's better than I remember . This book made me want to write , to teach , to forever immerse myself in the world of literature . It is the most superbly written novel of all time . After this , I devoured all of Orwell 's books , to similar -LRB- but less -RRB- enjoyment . This is truly a book that changed my life . I recommend it to anyone who is capable of reading . Read it again if you 've done so before . Put down `` Brave New World '' and `` Farenheit 451 '' which can not come close to the level of greatness achieved in this volume . Read this book . Read this book . Read this book . You will be much better for it .
 This book clearly was ahead of it 's time . Orwell had great insight into shades of things to come . We can plainly see that many world leaders would like to or have a `` Big Brother '' . This book is not for the meek !
 All I have to say about 1984 is it really makes you think of what we all could be living in . Overall it is one of the best books i have ever read .
 George Orwell 's classic tale of a dysponic government ruling a futuristic society is , in my opinion , the greatest book I have ever had the pleasure to read . What is so disturbing about this story is how it parallels our own society . In an age where technology , media , and good old-fashioned human rotteness are all on an out of control path , it seems big brother is getting nothing but bigger . Orwell is not only an author of incredible talent , he could very well be an unknowing prophet . The best book of its kind anywhere !
 Although morbid , it 's fitting to know that Orwell basically died writing this masterpiece , as it clearly encompasses a life 's work.Cast your mind back fifty years . You read `` Animal Farm '' when it came out and enjoyed it immensely . Now this hits the market and blows everybody away by its grim forsight and bluntness.Whether you think Orwell 's predictions were overly accurate or not , that 's not necessarily the most important thing . Orwell portrays the * potential * that exists , clearly making this novel timeless . Change the name of the book to `` 2044 '' and it would be just as effective as it was fifty years ago . Too many people take Orwell 's predictions literally , when in many ways it 's a warning ... Winston is Orwell , he is the tool , a technique Orwell neglected to use in `` Animal Farm '' . This book could easily have been written in first person , but the use of third person puts a necessary distance between Winston and the reader , meaning that although the reader shares all of his experiences , and the world he lives in , there is enough distance to look at the wider world.An interesting footnote I was praised for when I went to school that I have not seen anywhere else is to note the very striking parallels between Winston and O'Brien . I got the feeling that O'Brien basically * was * Winston years earlier , before he was `` cured '' . Behind the rock of the torturer , there is a feather of a man that does care , but is n't allowed to.This novel is what Orwell was trying to achieve . He scratched the surface in `` Animal Farm '' and went a lot deeper here .
 This book is as powerful as it was when it was written . The universality of literature in this book is evident . It clearly shows the effects of totalitarianism and a loss of human spirit ; this novel shows it almost as well as Anthony Burgess 's `` A Clockwork Orange '' , which holds the best novel of all time in my esteem
 This book describes an extreme situation of what totalitarianism can lead to . But I think that 's just the power of the book ; because the state , as talked about in the book , is an extreme example , but I think that extremes show the real danger of something ; it makes you more aware of a situation -LRB- a state form , a social question etc. -RRB- than a report based on real facts does . therefore you also should n't take this book for real , but you should take parts of this books and compare them to reality . and by doing so you 'll find a lot of things that form , as described in the book , dangers in present day society also . this book actually shows all what totalitarianism can lead to , and therefore enables you to see the danger of it
 1984 simply ca n't be described . It 's the most fascinating and worthwhile book I have ever read . Orwell dares to ask ` what if ... ' and he succeeds in constructing a frightening yet possible situation for the citizens of the world . Great book .
 It sure does n't take much of an imagination stretch to realize that the society Orwell describes in 1949 is becoming reality in 1999 . Ever since I read it 4 years ago -LRB- and since reread it several times -RRB- , it has not been replaced as my favorite book for its political satire , catchiness , and yes , timelessness . Definitely get this book and read it -- just make sure you do it away from any telescreens ...
 This book really makes you think about how powerless us , the citizens can be . The last lines of this book change your entire philosophy about the entire book . Brilliant !
 ! 984 is that kind of book you has heard people talk about so much you have very high expectations . And this book delivers . It 's a brilliant work . The construction of a society where peolple are constante surveilled and know and feel it is one of the more vivid and disturbing portraits I 've read . Loved doublethink and newspeak .
 There of course are many things wrong with this book by reading what the many critics have to say . No book is with out flaws , however , but this book still deserves 100 % .
 I liked how true this book was , even though it was written 20 years before 1984 . Most of the futuristic devises that Orwell was talking about came true . Such as , the security cameras and trackers in the airport . Also , the government was prying into your personal inforamtion . I believe that the society was high tech and the government had more laws to look at a persons information . Soon , the governmnet will be able to track anybody anywhere . Also , they will be able to read a person 's thoughts and ideas . If a person wanted to revolt against the government they will be able to stop him/her before they can overthrow the government .
 In these novel there are many actors , characters . To manintion the major actors like Winston Smith , O'Brien Mrs. Parasons , comrade Ogilvy , Mr. Charrington , Julia , were the one who make the novel very intersted to read . It is very hard to imagen to live in these kind of society , that had three kinds of people . One who control everything which is known as the Big Brother and they are the high class of Oceania society , and the other one who is manipulated by the high class -LRB- Big Brother -RRB- known as the inner party or the middle class , and the last one of the kind that are living majority in Oceania and they are called the `` Prole '' or the outer party . All these stratarfication of society is because the government -LRB- Big Brother -RRB- want to controls and manipulates by any means , for example the telescreens , the newspapers , and the party people . I read it with wondering that If I was right there inside the Oceania 's society , what would be like being control all the time . I even can not stand if my mother or my girl friend -LRB- whom I love the most -RRB- want to run my live . But you what is going on now a day , I thought that the telescreen and the televesion have a lot in commen to start with the TV . programmers manoipulates the people who watching the show by thew means of advertising .
 Poignant , scary , and doused with a sense of unignorable urgency that is not as urgent as it was when Orwell wrote it . His horrifying prophecy thankfully did not come true , but prophecies aside , `` 1984 '' is an unmistakably brilliant account of a normal man 's search for `` truth and decency '' in a frightful , loveless world . The novel is very hard to put down , and can be not only riveting , but genuinely entertaining at times . A true empathy for the characters , Winston and Julia , stems from a humanity which they possess and a love that we can recognize , that is contrasted by Orwell to the extreme squalor and general de-humanity of their surroundings . A definite must-read , `` 1984 '' is not only a fascinating novel , but its bleak and intense imagery , its memorable characterizations , and its involving narrative will stay with the reader long after completion . My favorite part is when O'Brien places Winston in front of the mirror , shows him his decayed body , the tells him that quite certainly , he is `` the last man . ''
 I have read this book many times and have written many of my high school english papers on it and others similar to it . I must admit that this type of fiction is not right for everyone and I do believe that you have to have a very open mindset to understand it . But to all of those who gave it 3 stars or less , I implore you to consider reading it again when you are older or willing to accept a new and different way of writing about our society and our future . No , it is not the type of book to be taken at face value , or exactly as it is printed . To really understand the thoughts of Orwell you have to be able to read between the lines and make the story and its lessons plausable in any time and with any society . There are many timeless lessons here , you just have to get past the actual fictional story . Just try it again when you are more openminded about novels .
 This book changed my outlook on the future . It made me realize what this world is coming to in terms of privacy . For someone to have written this book in the 40 's and have the whole plot still be chilling today , has to be a genious !
 I am not that much of a book lover - but this one is , no doubt , the book to read . This is a stunning piece of art . The most impressive part is , to my opinion , part three in the book - where O'Brien makes Winston an 100 % supporter for the Party . In this part , you can feel the pain , the panic , the screaming , and the range of anger junt under your skin . Also the flashback Winston had throughout the book where he 's being selfish to his motherr and sister really touches , in some horrible-kind-of-way . My conclution - if you can handle this book , you can handle anything .
 The main idea of the book is to portray how evil and corrupt the government is becoming . It continues to become more powerful and controlling as time goes by . In fact , the government is so powerful , that people no longer have freedom to make their own decisions in their lives . I think George Orwell wrote `` 1984 '' because he wanted to warn people how society was slowly becoming like Oceania 's in which the people begin to think less and the goevernment gains more power . I feel this way because during Orwell 's lifetime there were many wars being fought and he was in a few of them . I believe he saw how greed , power and money could change a government and ultimately become corrupt.I definitely recommend this book . It is such a touching , powerful story . George Orwell writes such an interesting , sad story that is totally plausible . `` 1984 '' is a `` haunting novel that creates an imaginary world that is completely convincing '' -LRB- back cover -RRB- . The book just goes into so much detail from the character 's mind . I love this book - it is just so thought provoking . I recommend it to anyone .
 Orwell portrays a great image of a utopian sociaty , although the part in the story where Winston is reading `` the book '' is rather boring and takes a while to read . Overall I would suggest reading it as soon as you can .
 I 'm look for a first edition as a Christmas present for my daughter . If you have contacts let me know . Thanks .
 Undoubtedly , this book is great . For added shock I recommend reading it before -LRB- or after -RRB- reading Ma Bo 's book entitled Blood Red Sunset about what communist life was like for one man during the Chinese Cultural Revolution . The similarities between fact and fiction , especially with such seemingly outlandish fiction , are very interesting .
 Attempt to conjure up the idea of a society where the government is always watching , like a spy . You brush your teeth , you go to work , you eat , you talk to your spouse , you water your plants ... and they are watching . Not only is every activity monitored , but also your deepest inner thoughts are screened , picked and prodded through for the smallest indication of rebellious thoughts . Telescreens constantly feed propaganda from the government into unsuspecting minds . War is just a normal incidence . A neighbor or even a friend might turn you in to the thought police at any moment . The government is in total and complete control . You can trust no one . George Orwell created this enslaved world in the book , 1984 and put an ordinary middle class man , named Wilson , in the position of the protagonist.Wilson , an average member of this controlling society , begins to have an itch for rebellion as the novel , 1984 commences . He has an underlying craving for freedom , of thought and expression . He has a job that includes activities considered inappropriate by most of today 's standards . Basically , Wilson edits history to fit the beliefs and preaching of Big Brother for the populace . Wilson finds a forbidden love . He searches for a sympathizer , someone who shares his same beliefs and values . But above all , he searches for clues about the past and the truth . Suspense , Deceit , and Passion are foremost components in this novel.For many students and adults alike the thickness as well as the font size of the novel sends them running . Others find the genre that the paperback is placed in - Science Fiction - to be discouraging . And many of those who do actually start reading are quickly bored . Some , who are required to read it , hurriedly skim the pages and discontinue comprehending and processing the book.The story does n't begin to pick up steam until about thirty pages into it . However these first pages are essential to have a complete understanding of the book . After that , Orwell adds depth and dimension to the plot that is unlike many stories . Orwell also adroitly applies high-level vocabulary and sentence structure to his tale . 1984 is exciting and gripping with a distinctive and unforeseen ending . It is a chilling tale of what could happen to the human race in the midst of the race for technology and an unattainable utopia . Encrusted with many essential and important themes , every student should read it , so they can reflect on their individual lives and prevent possible future atrocities from coming to fruition.This novel is well worth anyone 's time and thought . It is not just your average run-of-the-mill science fiction story that will captivate only the Trekkies among us . 1984 is thought provoking as well as emotionally stimulating . This narrative , written more than half a century ago , still applies today . It ends in a unique and unpredictable way .
 Of all of George Orwell 's works , `` 1984 '' must rank as his most famous , most known and most read book - and with good reason too . It depicts a society under the iron grip of a totalitarian terror state , where the Thought Police are in control , and the population is held under the mystical will of `` Big Brother '' , the unseen leader of the ruling party . Orwell 's protagonist , Winston Smith , is incredibly unique in the sense that he enacts a rebellion , and demonstrates a small vestige of free thought that one believes has been completely eradicated by the Party.As a lower-level propagandist in the Ministry of Truth , Winston is a participant in the very system that he believes himself to be rebelling against . His duties include disposing of unwanted , or potentially dangerous historical facts , and the alteration of past newspaper articles to suit the line of he Party . This can range from the amount of chocolate in the week 's ration , to the wartime enemies of the state . Nothing in Winston 's world , is what it seems . Orwell 's masterful prose takes the reader through the progessive stages of Winston 's `` rebellion '' , from his writing of `` Down with Big Brother '' in his secretive diary , to his love affair with Julia , a co-worker at the Ministry of Truth - and a notorious philanderer -LRB- this however , is pleasing to Winston ! -RRB- Orwell makes excellent use of the contrasting themes of hope and despair to weave a complex tapestry of Oceania 's political system . As it turns out , Winston 's perceived success is a mere illusion , as he finds himself unable to trust any of his fellow citizens -LRB- the Thought Police are personified in a humble , ageing shopkeeper , who reveals himself upon having gained Winston 's trust -RRB- . The tragedy of Orwell 's novel is that whatever hope is created by Winston 's rebellious actions -LRB- such as his dissent in his diary , his affair with Julia , his enquiries about the past times -RRB- is countered by the overwhelming revelation that the omnipotence of the Party is unsurpassed . The reader could even conclude that Winston was lead from the nose by the very system he believed he was challenging.The novel ends on a grim note , with Winston experiencing frightful torture in the chambers of the Ministry of Love , and reconditioned as yet another mindless , thoughtless and conforming pawn in the never-ending game played by the Party upon it 's own people.Orwell 's tragic novel also had political relevance in reality . Written in 1948 -LRB- hence the title -RRB- , Orwell was in fact writing a searing indictment of a totalitarian system that is the identical twin of that depicted in these pages - Stalinist Russia -LRB- Big Brother 's description is a mirror image of Stalin -RRB- . Stalin 's reign of state-sanctioned terror , brutality and thuggery lasted from 1929 until his death in 1953 , and during the Second World War -LRB- when the Soviet Union was the ally of Great Britain and the USA against Nazi Germany -RRB- , Orwell was one of the few British political commentators who had the courage and will power to reveal the true nature of their so-called `` ally '' . Through reading Orwell 's masterpiece , one can draw a solid conclusion as to how life was in Stalin 's terror state 24 hours a day , 7 days a week.Orwell 's most endearing work is testimony to the value of human liberty and why we should never let it be wrested from us .
 This book demands many readings ; every time you do so you will gain something you missed -LRB- mainly because you will , hopefully , mature between each reading and thus gain heightened awareness of the subtleties of the novel -RRB- . I disagree with another reviewer who said this could never happen ; anyone with a cursory knowledge of Nazi Germany or Communist Russia can tell you it almost did happen . In Germany children denounced their parents to the Gestapo ; in Russia there were purges of all political opponents . In both countries , there was history revision to suit the government . Hitler attempted to create a perfect society chillingly like 1984 's Oceania , with all unattractive or deviant elements eliminated or pushed aside -LRB- like the proles -RRB- . Also , anyone who has read The Brothers Karamazov can see the strong influence of `` The Grand Inquisitor '' in this book.The book is terrifying not so much in its view of the future but in its climax , when the Party proves itself capable of destroying all human feeling and individuality . Winston believes he will die hating Big Brother , and thus be free , but in the end he is killed with only love in his heart for the Party and B.B. ; there can be no freedom . The story shows Winston as the last of his kind , the last with memory of the past and hatred for the Party combined . In the end both are eradicated ; the Party controls everything . It has the power to say 2 +2 = 5 , and can prove it so ; it can repeal the laws of nature and no one can perceive it otherwise . Winston Smith knew how to die free , but the Party destroyed even the desire to do so . It did not kill him until it knew he was `` cured '' and loved Big Brother . No one can be free ; only the Party can exist in people 's minds.Horrifying , and absolutely necessary . This is the most important book ever written .
 The best anti-utopian book imaginable!And yes , there are many and a lot of them take themselves too seriously and are quite pompous . 1984 also takes itself seriously but it has a right to . It is so well written that gravity is the only appropriate sentiment in a very dark world.Most people have heard of Big Brother and the Thought Police and the hype over and over again . Is 1984 really that good ? Yes!The most moving scene for me was at the end , when a character succumbs under torture to betray someone -LRB- hope I 'm not giving too much away - after all torture and betrayal are compulsory ingredients in an anti-utopia anyhoo -RRB- and the empathy portrayed in the book was so strong that I got depressed because I felt like it was ME that just betrayed everyone I care for.A wonderful book , a must read especially since it can be done in a day -LRB- and should definitely take no more than 2 ! -RRB- . Unlike the anarchists and conspiracy theorists who reckon 1984 is especially relevant `` in today 's global climate '' , I say it 's a book for all time .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is a book about control in the reality of his world to the connection it has to ours ; it 's fascinating and shocking how Orwell was able to see a world such as the one in his book . The book is a prediction and shadow of our world today . Ever since Orwell published his book , it has been like a bible to people everywhere . This book is fascinating not because of the feeling put into it , but because of how it shows and gives the reader a sense of how humanity is and can become like the world in Orwell 's book.The only freedom shown in the world of 1984 is the self-thought of what the word actually means . Winston Smith is the man who experiences this and leads us through this horrible world . He doubts the righteousness of the totalitarian government -LRB- Big Brother -RRB- that rules Oceania , -LRB- one of three superstates in the world of 1984 -RRB- . The book starts with Winston and then shows how Big Brother -LRB- the government -RRB- is unreal . The government made its own language , is at constant war with the other two superstates , and watches its citizens at all times . As Winston 's rebellion develops , we see how Big Brother is not as unreal as we think , he seems real , and to all the citizens he is real , this is what helps control Oceania the belief of Big Brother.Oceania , Eastasia , and Eurasia are the three battling superstates . All want control , have the same kind of government , and are at constant war to obtain what they want . The process used to get absolute power is one used by past , present , and future dictators , like Stalin , Mussolini and Hitler . Big Brother manipulates its citizens psychologically into suitable ways of thinking . Instead of only using propaganda techniques , Big Brother also uses something called Newspeak and telescreens . Newspeak is the official language of Oceania , and it is used to control the citizens ' unorthodox thinking . Winston works at the base of Newspeak ; he changes words , news , stories , and information for the government . The telescreens monitor each citizen and stop them of their privacy , revolt , or un-orderly behavior.Winston meets a girl named Julia who also feels the same as Winston does about Big Brother . They become lovers and their relationship leads them to what gives the reader the true sense of what the book is truly about . The backbone of Big Brother -LRB- the government -RRB- is revealed . When Orwell shows what really is Big Brother , gives the reader the true sense of the masterpiece of George Orwell 's book.The manipulative technique used by Big Brother to control their citizens is unrecognizable ; it is all about mind control . The secret for Big Brother 's success is doublethink , the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one 's mind simultaneously and fully accepting both . Big Brother is supposedly a person , the head leader of the government in the book 1984 , but he does n't exist . The government controls people by creating a false leader with a system of mind control.The book shows us how a government can become powerful and how it is possible in our world today . The thought of the possibility actually happening is frightening because our world now can become the world of greed for control , violence , mystery , and slavery that is shown in the book 1984 . That is what makes this book so good ; it truly pulls us into the reading because the reality in the book and our life , is paralleled by the possibility that can exist .
 Cynical , pessimistic , and utterly untrusting of the motives of anyone in a position of power . It 's all you need to decipher any political speech , posturing or campaign .
 Read this book . No matter what your political affiliations , this classic will open your eyes to the dangers of conformity and control . In Orwell 's chilling vision , only opinions and views approved by the State are permitted . Is the world we live in today so very different ? Yes and no . No , we are not arrested for listening to the Dixie Chicks . Nor are we jailed for reading Ann Coulter . Yes , there are those in positions of influence -LRB- on both sides of the political spectrum -RRB- who would probably like to make a few such arrests . Just kidding ... maybe.This book is brilliantly written , the characters well-developed and compelling , the setting frighteningly real . The central thrust of this novel is the idea that being able to tell the truth is essentially being free to comment upon the world as you understand it . We all have different points of view , none of which represents the sum total of reality . Orwell creates a world where the ruling powers dictate the perception of reality to the masses . Reading this book will help to train you to identify this practice in the modern world and , hopefully , also train you to resist .
 Being a ninth-grader , I looked over the required reading list for high-school and saw that later , incoming juniors had to read 1984 . I do n't know about you , but I looked at the book and in my opinion it looked quite bulky . I figured I should start reading it now and in two years I might finish it . Surprisingly , though , the book read awfully quickly . Parts of the book are so terrifyingly captivating that I was drawn in , and at points I just found myself reading faster and faster . The reason for this is
 In the book 1984 , George Orwell depicts a dystopia , a world that went wrong , a world of manipulation and control which uses its people against themselves like pawns . It provides stimulating themes of dehumanization , isolation , repression , loneliness , social class disparity and abuse of power . Orwell has mixed these themes and has blended them into a classic image of a dystopian world . 1984 was meant as a warning against totalitarian tendencies rather than a prophetic work . These various fears and uncertainties disclosed in 1984 can be perceived as a reflection of today 's society.Although 1984 was written in 1948 and published in 1949 , Orwell was successful in portraying the world 's totalitarian society-which exists today . He was able to prophesize about what the world is going to turn out like . As the year 1984 has passed , many think of Orwell as a skeptic or just a mere critic , while the case is quite different . George Orwell 's predictions have been proved to be quite accurate . 1984 is the first book which gives us an accurate insight on today 's world . This thought-provoking book encourages the reader to believe that this stereotype society of today is actually under control of governments which are hiding things from the local public . By giving examples , 1984 shows how these governments and `` big fish '' can use innocent people as puppets for their own use and tools for their own machinery.Some of the dark shadows portrayed in 1984 , like subjugation , social class discrepancy and abuse of power can be eye-openers . One of the worst realities/fears disclosed in 1984 is invasion of privacy and oppression by the government . These factors count as the crux of 1984 and the message Orwell wants to convey to his readers . Invasion of privacy by the government is revealed at every stage , as the chapters of 1984 unfold . Evidence such as `` Big Brother is Watching You '' and the monitoring of actions by the telescreen and the police patrol system , which keeps track of people and check over what people are doing , clearly shows that there is no privacy in the dystopian world exposed in 1984 . This invasion of privacy of the people of Oceania , keeps them from living their life like normal people and this is how Orwell convinces readers to avoid any path that might lead toward such societal degradation.Orwell 's main goals in 1984 are to depict the frightening techniques a totalitarian government -LRB- in which a single ruling class possesses absolute power -RRB- might use to control its subjects , and to illustrate the extent of the control that the government is able to exert . This totalitarian society shown in 1984 is indirectly related to the invasion of privacy which is further connected with the oppression by the government . This domination of the government in Orwell 's dystopia can be seen in various instances , like the unsanitary and squalor conditions of Airstrip One , which indirectly makes it possible for the government to suppress the locals . Another technique of repression is that of how they tell incorrect numbers of increase or decrease in ration production etc. . By carrying these type of activities , the government is not only hypnotizing the citizens of Oceania but the government is also making them realize that they are helpful and concerned about the welfare of their society , which makes the ignorant people of Oceania -LRB- proles -RRB- happy and satisfied with their helpless lives , and most of them do not even understand that the Party is oppressing them.Of course , the world that Orwell envisioned in 1984 did not materialize . Yet 1984 remains an important novel , for the alarm it sounds against the abusive nature of authoritarian governments , but even more so for it 's in depth analysis of the psychology of power and the ways that manipulations of language and history can be used as mechanisms of control . Examples such as how America is trying to take over all the resources of the world and how it is trying to tap phone calls and keep an eye of what is going on all over the country are all examples of invasion of privacy and the initial process of the formation of a totalitarian society . If a person focuses on today 's world , he will surely be able to visualize a world which has not come under authoritarian rule today , but a world which will definitely materialize in Orwell 's words , tomorrow . Though the world did not fall under authoritarian control as Orwell feared it might , 1984 has not become dated ; it remains an invaluable book , warning against a world that could come into existence and a world that has not completely escaped from the dystopian dangers that Orwell once described .1984 has definitely found its place in the world of literature . It is a book that awakens those people who are victims of autocratic governments . It awakens people from their robotic lifestyles . 1984 gives a chance to all its readers to grasp the realities of totalitarian regimes and how innocent people are hypnotized and used as automations . 1984 is unquestionably a worthwhile read . It is simply mind grasping , thought provoking and mesmerizing . This is what makes George Orwell a genius of the 20th century .
 1984 is centered around a male worker by the name of Winston Smith . Winston lives in Oceania where Big Brother is everywhere and everything is the opposite os what is appears . The Ministry of Love deals with torture and hate . The Ministry of Plenty starves the citizens of Oceania . The Ministry of Truth creates lies , and the Ministry of Peace is involved with War . All around Oceania there are posters of Big Brother , and the Party 's slogans are everywhere.WAR IS PEACE.FREEDOM IS SLAVERY.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH.This book is a great look at totalitarianism and the views of the world during the 1940s-1950s -LRB- WW2 -RRB- . This book requires thought , time , and patience , but it is worth it .
 This book represents a possible future that Orwell foresaw as a result of man 's struggle for power . It describes an entire world that has been corrupted , and the corruptors as well have made themselves blind to what they are doing . The story is well written and keeps you on edge for its entirety . Althought it leaves much to be figured out by the reader , it is extremely descriptive . Even if you follow the story closely , each new step is a shock , and every discovery will intrigue . The end especially will come as a surprise for those of us who are more used to predictability . A strong 5-star rating . You wo n't put it down !
 Orwell is brilliant . In ' 1984 ' he examines the effects of a totalitarian soceity . Winston is a deep and multi-dimensional character who we see change as the novel progresses . The depth of Orwell 's novel is astounding , and even though the year 1984 did n't turn out the way Orwell had thought , the book is magnificent . Orwell warns us to never become the society that he depicts in ' 1984 ' .
 This book changed my life . I have talked to other people and they agree with me
 My class could do this for an extra credit grad and I am glad about that . This book is frightening realistic . The technology in this is possibly and some of its here , the government has come and gone in a lesser degree , and the issues faced are here . If someone with enough brains and had a hated enemy of the people , this government may come . The story is very believable and is a must read for casual and serious readers alike .
 1984 is a book that is meant to show what can happen from total government control and of the corruption that money and power can bring.It was created in the time of the horrific World Wars , when the shameful attempt at genocide occurred for many unfortunate peoples , and is still occurring in different ways around the world . 1984 was also created to bring to light what terrible things could happen if freedom was no longer allowed and completely controlled.If you read the novel , which I definitely recommend , you 'll discover a dystopia based on what could have happened from the Wars , and -LRB- ironically -RRB- what is happening now , to make the world a totally controlled place , a one-personality brainwashed culture . In Orwell 's world , the things you see , hear , or do are ONLY what They want ...
 with ourselves ... 1984 is an epic of living terror . Of the haunting spectre of communism that has gone paranoid . The central character Winston is a mechanised survivor in this regime where everything is according to the wishes of `` Big Brother '' . Winston becomes a rebel to retain his last shred of humanity . He meets Julia who is a rebel -LRB- but only from the waist down as Winston remarks -RRB- and is well aware of the prevalent hypocrisy and fear.They are unmasked by the thought Police who watch your every move thro hidden telescreens . Winston is arrested and subsequently his reformation begins . He must love BIG BROTHER ... 1984 is a singular in its portrayal of the helplessness of an individual and his acceptance of the sham of BIG BROTHER.Orwell was a genius way ahead of his time and every word of this book proves that fact .
 The story is of 1984 , a completely different sight than what we remember 1984 to be . `` Big Brother is watching , '' and you ca n't talk bad against the Party , which controls everything . Life is n't interesting in this time . People disappear because they go up against the Party or even just thinking about it gets you in trouble . It was interesting and kept me reading just to find out what would happen revolting against the Party . It 's a book that may drag for a while but a definite read till the end .
 There are many reviews for this book , so I will not say what has been said so many times before . One thing I have to add though ; This is a deeply disturbing book , though not in a bad way . NOT a book for small children . In my opinion , anyone who is n't disturbed even a little by the ending did not fully understand the story .
 this was the first novel ever that i have finished -LRB- i tend to read the first few pages and quickly move over to the end -RRB- . yes . like a winter in london under heavy smog , this novel has a gloomy , cold , and a bit cynical perspective . but there 's something pulling you in . it 's the secret love between winston and julia . so beautiful . soon to be crushed like a flower under some fat tires , though ...
 I thought 1984 was an incredible novel . Orwell 's compelling story of the the future not only presents an interesting and suspenseful plot but also warns the world of a possible society that seems good on the outside but is rotten on the inside . Orwell makes a powerful point that government control can lead to the worst , particularly when it monitors every aspect of peoples ' lives . He also demonstrates the fact that conformity and sameness is not necessarily happiness . I think Orwell was commenting more on communism and totalitarianism than our society , since Americans are allowed to be indiviudals , plus we have the right to freedom of speech -LRB- along with freedom of thought -RRB- . Personally , I would not be able to survive in the world of 1984 , where one can not think what they please , where emotions and ideas are constantly supressed and destroyed . Overall , I thought this was an absolutely amazing book . I especially enjoyed the fascinating concept of doublethink . I recommend this novel to anyone who wants to read a good eye-opening and thrilling book . I plan on reading it again myself .
 I believe George Orwell was a visionary , a bit imaginative , but very intelligent nonetheless . His views on individual privacy and freedom of thought in 1984 are a very serious issue.Freedoms are beginning to be limited in our country , whether in the form of tighter airline security or the banning of books in schools . What is next , the ultimate oppression of our thoughts ? What would it take for a government to control thought?In 1984 , the majority of Oceania 's inhabitants are compliant with `` Big Brother 's '' oligarchical totalitarianism . This greatly bothers me because I think that in the event of another devastating depression era , the world could again turn to radical forms of government , including ones similar to the principles of `` Ingsoc '' -LRB- English Socialism -RRB- . Some say that society would never resort to supporting such a system ; with this I must disagree . Take a look at leaders like Lenin , Mussolini and Adolf Hitler . Society followed these destructive men regardless of what some knew then , but all know now . The people wanted change-needed it ; they were desperate , and this will happen again.Will you be a denier ? Ultimately , a system resembling Ingsoc will be an option , with thoughtcrime as its consequence . Do you wish to keep your privacy , your freedom to thing ? I do .
 I think that part of the impact of 1984 is lost now - I think it meant A LOT more to my parents growing up in the '60s . But the inner themes of the human spirit and how we function in society are just as applicapable today as when written in 1948 . Orwell was a wise , wise man ...
 Terrifying Totalitarian Dystopia . 1984 is not a book . It is a muscle that grips the attention unrelentingly from first to last like a vice , rearranging your consciousness and perception . I pick this book up and can not believe it is so light . Because , to read it is like the feeling Winston gets when he looks at the pyramidal headquarters of The Party
 i thought the book 1984 was the most well written book ever
 I read this book many years ago and have re-read it several times . This is a must-read for all who would dare to close their minds for it describes the end result of a dictatorial society in which no-one is allowed to think , speak or publish freely . The `` Thought Police '' will punish anyone trying to do so ! It is an exciting storyline with a profound message . Yet , despite all our freedoms there are not many such thoughtful , newly written books on the store shelves these days . I would therefore , like to sincerely recommend one that issued recently . It too reminds us to keep an open mind and lend an ear to our global ecological mess . It is a sharp 21st century social critique in the form of an exciting , fun and enlightening science-fiction , entitled , `` ACCUSED BY FACET-EYES '' -LRB- C.B. DON -RRB- -- and just like `` 1984 '' , it too makes one stop to ponder about our many thoughtless human actions ... but thank goodness that we have the freedom to do so !
 Yes , this book is simple to understand by anyone . You do not need to be a philosopher or literature student . This book illustrates Orwell 's vision of what would happen if humanity saught a utopian society . This is a book not of the pleasure and perfection we usually think about with utopian literature . It is the anti-utopia . This book will allow you to see humanity in it 's true light.Orwell uses the ideals of ` the party ' , ` big brother ' or a governmental power to illustrate his point on socialism . What ever Orwells means are , the fact remains that we can replace his governmental control with that of any particular group , and their need for complete power . It is the great agenda conspiracy . He makes his point . What I gather from the deeper meaning of this book is that humanity has an agenda . To gain power and create the world they wish it to be . Power is to be a God . This is the type of book that can be stripped down and analzyed page by page philosophically.The book is about a man named Winston . It is about his struggles to survive the world he exists in . A world where individuality , religion , unorthodoxy , love , compassion , and free thought are crimes punishable by torture and death . The party and big brother are all people in this world are to live for . They are not to live for themselves or their fellow humans . Hate is taught , war is life , the people are simply cogs in the party machine . They are worse than slaves , they are objects in the party 's main goal ... power .
 There are only a few books that I believe should be on the required list for any student ; this is one of them .1984 represents the world that we most feared ; it is a world where pain is synonymous with living , and illusion is synonymous with progress.This book is designed to scare everyone who reads it into imagining a world where there is no such thing as personal freedom , there is no private property , and the ability to love is a crime against society.Prior to the fall of the Soviet Union in the early 1990 's , this was the staple vision of what we considered to be the future of Western Europe and Asia . It is this horrific vision of an all-comsuming and controlling State apparatus that keeps the reader thankful for what freedoms we do enjoy.Orwell elegantly argues that the true danger of the world is that people can be easily manipulated , controlled , and ultimately defeated in the struggle for individuality . Like its counterpart , Brave New World -LRB- by Huxley -RRB- , Orwell creates a world in which individuality is not only lost , but humanity forgets that we ever had the capacity for it.Orwell masterfully describes every detail of this world , with the greatest care to the cold , and impersonal touch of opression . His arguments are both compelling and smattering of intense nuggets of rhetorical flavor ; once you begin this book , you will not want to stop . Moreover , you will feel compelled to continue as you are drawn into the intense world of helplessness and despair that every fiber of your being will rage against . I urge any interested reader to dig into this book , and to finish it in one sitting if possible .
 Viewed one way , George Orwell 's work reads like a quasi-biography . The protagonist , Winston Smith , is a man trapped in a totalitarian society whose first major act of the novel is to begin a diary , so that people in the future can piece together what his present was like and what the past was like , too . That , of course , is exactly what Orwell was doing
 This book is a real kick in the face for anyone who has read it . Especially if you are in the middle of an instituition -LRB- prison or school ... is there a difference -RRB- and have grown up hating beuracrats . Read this book , and burn down London to paraphrase Shaw .
 Wow ! I read this after reading `` Animal Farm '' and found it fascinating . It 's amazing that a book written so long ago could so vividly portray an author 's prediction of how the world would be in 1984 . Slightly scary , when you think of how Communism did take control of an empire . George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is a classic that should always be remembered .
 I read the Penguin Books edition and I loved it . Beautifully cynical and easy to read , I read it in 17 hours . Orwell hit the nail on the head with this publication , about Winston Smith and his coming to terms with the fact that he does not accept the world around him . Word has it that , when Stalin read this , he walked around a room breaking furniture . As an Englishman I believe that Orwell is one of the best writers the nation has produced . Buy this .
 I was amazed at the brilliance of this book ! Incredibly powerful , I cried at the end . What I found the most remarkable was how well thought out the whole system was
 This is not only a book , but a work of art . Orwell was ingenius in telling the horrors of a Totalitarianistic nightmare . Few people realize how important WWII truly was . If the axis powers had succeeded in their task the nightmare of Orwell 's book would certainly become true .
 The main theme is n't a love story by far , it 's suppression and total control , it 's a doom scenario . It 's difficult to say anything new , after having read a couple of reviews , they all say the same . I would like to add that the writing style is boring , it is n't a book that you would read none stop . It is however a `` contemporary '' warning for the dangers of information control that is becoming more and more an issue of today . Read it , for it is a classic and a warning . 5 stars for the contents -1 star for the style
 This book is incredible and terrifying , it is well-written and the topic is highly salient to our time . This is about more than communism , but about humanity . If you have read We , by Yvegeny Zamyatin , you really must read 1984 . -LRB- I , for some reason , read them in that order -RRB- I would say that 1984 is the superior . Erich Fromm 's afterword is worthwhile , additionally , it is quite short and readable .
 Could it still happen ? The ultimate totalitarian state that Orwell foresaw ? Not in every detail but * 1984 * got ahold of my imagination to such an extent that it still gives me the willies to contemplate . It 's almost a shame Orwell did n't name the book `` 2034 '' or `` 2084 '' so that literal-minded school boards could still make it required reading . It 's a masterpiece and remains to be one . The story of Winston Smith 's battle to keep his individuality and integrity will not grow old .
 George Orwell has written another well written book on the issues of communism , and shows his absoluteley remarkable ability to put the reader inside the character . It shows a horrible world , where its occupants are monitored constantly by hidden cameras or concealed microphones . No one can think to him or herself in this country of Oceana , because Big Brother is watching you . In this world , 2 +2 = 5 , because Big Brother is always right . Powered on the hate of the traitor , Goldstein , the Party -LRB- the higher position that runs Oceana -RRB- is unstoppable . George Orwell perfectly illustrates this grim future with such description , it almost seems real . Honestly the best novel I ever read , and from my favorite author , George Orwell .
 This is a book about the ultimate in man 's inhumanity to man . George Orwell , and many others realised that , if you controlled the thoughts of everyone in the world , then you are literally omnipotent - because nothing can be proved to exist outside the human consciousness . The part where O'Brien says that Big Brother will last literally forever gives one pause for thought . Because it is true that , in an Orwellian society , nothing can ever change . Big Brother is literally an eternal God .
 I love reading the clasics , and this is the best I have ever read . The characters are belivable , and the setting was wonderfull . Sure , I 'm 12 and this may sound silly , but I allso enjoyed the love story . The ending was sad , but very well written and thought out . I think this book is realy wonderull and , unforunitly , Orwell did n't miss by to much .
 While this book seems to be fairly standard fare in high school , I managed to avoid it and read the novel as an adult . I 'm glad it took me this long . I do n't think the teenager in me would have fully appreciated it as much . The novel describes a totalitarian society , ruled by the iron fist of `` The Party '' , and where even dissident thoughts , and not just actions , are considered a crime . The plot follows thirty-nine year old Winston Smith , who struggles with accepting the seemingly immortal regime . Much of the literature and other media that deals with totalitarian society owes its elements to the ones developed in Ninety Eighty-Four , and sometimes it 's hard to recognize that that which has now become clich&eacute; was still novel at the time of publication . I think this contributes to the first part of the novel feeling quite slow . However , one thing to keep in mind is that while some plot elements may seem predictable , the reader should be prepared to be pleasantly surprised . One major flaw in the work , in my opinion , is that the narrative grinds to a halt about two-thirds of the way into the book . Orwell introduces what is essentially a treatise on the society he constructed . While fascinating at first , I found that it detracted from my overall enjoyment of the work . The last one hundred pages , however , make it completely worth it . The psychological elements here are terrifying , and even the reader begins to lose hope in this frightening but always possible future . Orwell sends a stark warning to future generations with this novel , which makes it plain to see why it has become such a classic . I would recommend to anyone to re-read if they had read it in their youth .
 George Orwell 's genius and prophetic book does not need my review . I would only mention that Orwell made also a scientific and sociological discovery that is valid in today 's world
 Narratively speaking , it 's no more than an average story . In fact , there are many plot gaps and false steps . But the implications itself are staggering . Somewhere along the way , this book becomes less science fiction and more science fact . Orwell accurately predicts the advent of things like `` perpetual wars '' -- not for the sake of winning , but for the sake of warring for profit , and `` doublespeak , '' or , as we refer to it now , political euphemisms , or `` political correctness . '' When our politicians sidestep an uncomfortable question by answering one that was not asked instead ? that is Orwellian . Even the questioner , apparently , has forgotten what he or she just asked . And when the motive behind a question becomes the question itself , supplanting the original , that too is Orwellian . The removal of certain words from the english language to cover up crimes ? It 's Orwellian , and comes straight out of 1984 -- as when torture suddenly becomes `` harsh interrogation techniques . '' And it is happening more and more ; more , perhaps than we 'd like to admit . For the good of more , the less are squashed , and the president mangles his principles . There are many people today who believe wholly in a past which in fact never actually existed -- unless it was on shows life Leave it to Beaver and Father knows Best .
 All starting to sound familiar ... great book . We could learn some lessons from the masterpiece written by Mr. Orwell . Cheers .
 This book is absolutely phenomenal , George Orwell was very sick when he was writing this novel in the 1940s . The Soviet Union was flooding fear into the world , this book gave a conception to the possibility of communism taking over . And it did this in the most conventional way possible , the book gives the perspective of a normal man in a world that he fears completely . Constantly retaliating in his mind but to scared to actually revolt . I highly recommend this book to everyone , its one of my favorites and definitely worth your time .
 If you 've never read this book , one should . Big Government has a way of wanting to control our lives , and this book depicts that . A good read . I recommend it .
 still a harrowing tale even in the modern age . the bleakness of life told in this vision of the future is a future we should all be trying our best to avoid
 This novel can be read from the left side or the right side of the political spectrum because the overarching horror of the totalitarian state presented by Orwell here is told to us in an honest and forthright manner . Orwell 's narrative retains its relevance because we still seem to go through phases where the freedoms of the enlightenment are challenged from many angles . Whether you read Big Brother as Joseph Stalin or Sam Walton and The Party as being representative of a fascist or communistic authoritarian State , the `` truth '' of this novel , that liberty , personal freedom , and the freedom to speak and be understood are ideals that should be treasured and protected in practice . As long as there are human beings who wish to control and eradicate the humanity of others , 1984 will remain a novel worth reading .
 An eye opener vision of how far big government , big business , and any dictator can control apathetic people and societies when we decide to go with the status quo . We do n't want to lose our jobs so we accept compromising what is right -- it gets easier every time . How about putting the fun and easy things in life before fixing the things in our nation , neighborhoods and families that are failing . More laziness leads to freedoms lost when peoples of a nation live with the mindset of let the government take care of us , let 's trust them to do what is best for us without complaining when the loss of our freedoms are disappearing , slowly , but usually in the guise of - being told these laws will be better for our safety , our pocket books , the health of the earth etc. . . Apathy to the extent of having 1 +1 = 3 be an acceptable `` reality '' ... . we reap what we sew and a whole nation sewing apathy seeds in their lives every day paves a path to our own destruction.Look at what is on TV we have shows telling us vampires , big foot , werewolves , zombies etc. . . may be or are a reality , how many people believe this nonesense ... again I say we reap what we sew . Orwells 1984 is well on its way to becoming reality and noone cares enough to ban together in thought and ideals to say ` no more ' . The USA constitution reminds us that people are willing to suffer all kinds of evils and do nothing until the suffering is absolutely unbearable . That in my opinion is the reality of todays ' America . And it is the picture so clearly painted by George Orwell in his book 1984 . I would give the book a 5 , it deserves a 5 , but my heart can not stand the thought of the horrors my grandchildren and great-grandchildrens lives will be if we pass them our legacy of apathy - sheep led to slaughter , by the actions -LRB- or nonaction -RRB- of our own laziness .
 I want to give you all a heads-up about what reading this book did for me . The more objective things are well documented and I do n't want to go into that . Reading this book really got to me , gave me creepy feelings about my own hard childhood in the family gulag and made it hard to sleep for a few nights . I guess my comment is that a prospective reader might think about this kind of affect and mull things over before getting into it . The book is well written , for sure , and Orwell keeps the action going ... but that action literally goes straight to hell . Not an easy read -- at least for me it was n't .
 Winston Smith , member of the Outer Party , a small , petty cog in the great machination of `` Big Brother '' , tries to step out from the shadow of his life in George Orwell 's now masterpiece , `` 1984 '' . Written over 50 years ago , this book was to serve several purposes , one being a warning to the present that a future like this , however fantastic and unbelievable , could be in the making should we allow for it to happen.Winston leads the dull life of a worker , not encouraged to think , or dream , for feel for himself . His whole life must be driven to support the Party , which promulgates an apparent non-entity Big Brother as the supreme one . Winston early on shows the spark of individuality that the Party so wants to extinguish ; by daring to write a journal on his own , he seals his fate early in the story . Soon he meets Julia , another worker , who charms and dares him even further to enocurage having an affair . Together they make a lethal pair , and some lethal decisions , which leads to the great climax in the Ministry of Love.What lies in the story is an amazing prophecy of government gone mad . The Party believes in creating present truths by writing and rewriting the past on its whim . The Party understands in order to control the people , it must control the language , thereby , creating `` Newspeak '' . The Party makes people simply vanish , eradicating them from existance . The Party realizes the people who follow are merely plebians in society , and therefore , should be encouraged to not think for themselves . In fact , the Party is able to directly lie to the people , using `` doublethink '' , where they say one thing but mean the other.How much of Orwell 's nightmare is something that can be true today ? Do we have a government out of control , one that manipulates information for its own benefit , to justify war , ensure fear and terror reigns over the country ; one that illegally detains people without trial , right to counsel , or even being charged with a crime ; one that wants to extensively monitor our personal phone calls , e-mails , the books we check out of the library , the things we buy in stores . The dots are there to connect them ; the challenge is , will you dare to do it , like Winston Smith dared?I believe 1984 is ultimately a hopeful book . Orwell wants to challenge humanity , that during times of crisis , we are able to rise up and change things , so the fateful prophecy so nobly and horrifyingly espoused in 1984 , will only stay between the covers of the book . The choice is up to us .
 1984 is unquestionably one of the greatest books in the history of English literature . A terrifying look at the dangers of totalitarian government , it is ingeniously written and scarily realistic . George Orwell is meticulously thorough in his depiction of a world that is bleak , hopeless , and horrifying -- and perhaps not as distant as we think . The writing style is factual and almost impersonal , reflecting not only the government but the people themselves , who have been reduced to unthinking robots . Protagonist Winston Smith 's resistance against Big Brother -LRB- the symbolic leader of the Party -RRB- and ultimate complete acceptance and execution demonstrate the debility and irresolution of the human mind and spirit . The authoritarian government itself is eerily familiar , complete with conspiracies , cover-ups , and double-dealing politicians . While the year 1984 is long past , the book is still a relevant and potent warning of what the future may bring if we let it . The concept of 1984 is brilliant , the writing is brilliant , and it is nearly impossible not to love this book . 1984 is a definite must-read for anyone . Enthusiastically recommended ; 5 stars .
 That is what George Orwell warns us against in his bone-chilling and now increasingly accurate description of a world of revisionist history and massive invasion of privacy , abetted by technology to produce a society of conformity and fear.Borne out of Orwell 's personal experiences in Burma -LRB- the present day , repressive Myanmar -RRB- and his observations of totalitarianism at mid-Twentieth Century , `` 1984 '' is the story of an average bureaucrat of middling intelligence who seeks no more than to be a whole man who can think and speak his mind , display passion outwardly , and not lie awake wondering who may be watching him . Paranoia rules . Orwell gives us a riveting , sometimes grotesque explanation of what it finally takes in `` 1984 '' for one man to try to restore whatever remains of his genuine identity and self-respect . Since the first publication of this timeless work around 1948 -LRB- reverse the digits , you 're through the looking glass -RRB- , Orwell 's philosophical sentries have made a point of looking for examples in recent history to prove how prescient he was , and those signposts abound . For example , in the U.S. , the Department of War was renamed the Department of Defense -LRB- Newspeak -RRB- , a soldier in Vietnam had to `` destroy the village to save it '' -LRB- Doublethink -RRB- , certain municipal hate crime legislation was enacted to curb the utterance of mean-spirited language short of action , and law enforcement officials began publicly naming so-called `` persons of interest '' and spending years tracking their activities under the microscope of media coverage . Later , opponents of the Iraq War were branded by the government as unpatriotic -LRB- Thought Police -RRB- . Overseas , Europe and Iran continue to feud over the existence of the Holocaust , with one government staging a conference to help prove it did n't exist while Austria threatens an anti-Semite with prison , raising the nettlesome issue of to what degree free speech should be curtailed in the name of community stability as defined by government . `` 1984 '' does not have a happy ending . Its last four words slam the book shut on freedom . Orwell hoped to foment enough concern with his masterpiece to influence the course of history , and he has to some degree succeeded . There are millions of people around the world who have yet to taste true freedom and who will not relent until they have acquired it . There are others who constantly observe Big Brother , latter-day Orwells who gird each day for a fight to defend individual liberty.A quarter-century after the real 1984 , the public and private sectors , enabled by technology , have made it easier to know what the public is saying , thinking , and feeling . And in our own discourse as individual citizens , some of us have taken to playing fast and loose with the facts , or retreating from the world of terra-firma into a make-believe electronic neighborhood.Will we , as a people , accept the `` truthiness '' of a Web posting , manufactured definitions on Wikipedia , or be content to have high-powered computer algorithms track our Web footprint in the name of consumerism ? Will we retreat to our iPods and virtual reality games ? How well will we pay attention ? How much do we read ? What do we read ? And when are we willing to speak up , and to whom ? `` The price of freedom is eternal vigilance '' . - Jefferson
 Having just re-read 1984 it struck me that , whilst the quality of the writing is `` timeless , '' -LRB- Orwell constructs a better sentence than most `` literary artists '' -RRB- , the book 's themes get more and more frightening as Western culture decays toward the millennium . My first school reading was in the days when 1984 was literally `` the future , '' -LRB- even though Orwell had always intended it as a satire on contemporary Britain , with `` 1948 '' the originally intended title -RRB- ; in England today the resonances are especially profound , and what looked `` old-fashioned '' to ` sixties and ` seventies sci-fi readers has gained a new and bleaker realism . We 're beginning to catch up with the US when it comes to presidential-style `` leadership '' and `` spin , '' whilst the rewriting of history - with its horrible parallels with the politically correct mythologies espoused in transatlantic universities and the like - is already being implemented , with particular regard to the guilty denial of the achievements of the British Empire , -LRB- whilst the Roman and Greek civilisations still manage to escape trendy censure -RRB- . The worst shock comes with the realisation that everything 1984 says about the manipulation and reduction of thought by language-control , -LRB- Doublethink and Newspeak , respectively -RRB- , is demonstrably happening right now . Things you ca n't say become thoughts you ca n't think , and an attempted conversation with most contemporary English youths on the street will reveal how hard it has become for our ill-educated masses actually to formulate rationale thought
 Orwell wrote 1984 at a miserable juncture in history . The Second World War had just ended , the Europe of his memory was in ruins , the full horror of the holocaust had been laid bare and the victorious powers seemed bent on completing the destruction the planet . The best of optimists would have quailed , and Orwell was no optimist . Surrounded by this stark despairing landscape , he wrote a stark despairing speculation . It was his damning indictment of the dark places of our souls.It has been called a masterpiece ; one of the twentieth century 's greatest prophecies ; a visionary dystopia that will speak for all time.I beg to differ.I do not question the brilliance of Orwell 's writing . It exactly conveys the utter dejection and despair that he felt in the aftermath of the war . It is an incredibly taut development of character , theme , setting , and plot that strikes our psyche like a fist to the stomach . It attains exactly the right balance between storytelling and polemic.It is also all wrong . It felt wrong thirty years ago when I first read it . It feels just as wrong today.If we ever manage to create hell , it wo n't be Orwellian . Humans are far more amenable to seduction than oppression . Why spy into every household when one can be persuaded to spy on oneself ? Why use techniques as inefficient as torture when far more can be accomplished by appealing to our basest pleasures ? Why need doublethink be forced when we will freely embrace it where it is invested with enough allure ? And why would the denizens of a misbegotten future bother to listen to voices of discord when their every waking hour can be filled to excess with titillation , shallow ecstasy , and unending bombardment of the senses ? The dystopia of the future will not be one of oppression , but of gluttony.An observant person , looking at the here and now , might conclude that hell has already arrived . But it has arrived via Huxley , not Orwell . We already have the Brave New World of test tube babies , mass pacification , casual sex , and broadcasted voyeurism . The key to keeping a society docile is to make docility so pleasant , so seductive , that we will freely and willingly embrace it over the rigours of a well-examined life . The road to hell is paved with syrup , not vinegar.Orwell was a brilliant thinker and writer , not just of fiction , but of social and personal commentary . His essays are probably the finest since Montaigne 's , and his powers of human observation and his sheer intellect are overwhelming in their stature . This is what makes 1984 so difficult to understand . Such a keen mind should have arrived at very different conclusions from those exposited in this book.In a really hellish future , there will be no need to destroy malcontents ; they will simply be irrelevant .
 So much has been written by others on this classic text that I will limit my comments to that aspect of the book I feel is still the most important - the manipulation of language to control behavior . Orwell understood how crucial meaning and communication is to social and political behavior . The Bolsheviks first and then the Nazis both went to great lengths to manipulate meaning , creating an acceptable vocabulary of politically positive words and images and an equally negative vocabulary for that which was to be vilified and destroyed . Attempting to channel behavior into patterns predefined by these limited modes of expression represents the greatest part of the state propogandist 's art . Orwell reduced the complexity of this enterprise to something that could be seen for the con game it is . His invention of ` newspeak ' demonstrates the reducto ad absurdum of such verbal restrictiveness.In our day , whether Big Brother is really watching or not , we suffer from some of the same contraints of limited language and , in term , limited behavioral options . On the one hand we suffer from a language of polictical correctness that strives to offend no one , but makes speech clumsy and artificial . On the other extreme we suffer from the limited categories that the professional news media use - the narrow meanings available to them for understanding and communicating what is considered ` news ' . Since politicians contribute to this limited vocabulary and play off of it , it saves them from facing much real in depth analysis and critique and limits the public to shallow expositions that distort reality and make meaningful political choice impossible.So 1984 has come and gone and we have n't fallen into the dramatic pit that Orwell pictured , but the language we use to deal with social and political issues has been so attenuated that we are in danger of becoming slaves to a limited set of possibilities because we can not even articulate any alternatives .
 + + + + + This novel by George Orwell -LRB- whose real name was Eric Arthur Blair , 1903 to 1950 -RRB- is about the effects of totalitarianism . Totalitarianism is a characteristic of a government or state in which one political party maintains complete control under a dictatorship and bans all others.This story , which takes place in London in 1984 , follows one man -LRB- named Winston Smith -RRB- and his love interest -LRB- Julia -RRB- as they struggle against this totalitarian party -LRB- `` The Party '' -RRB- whose leader -LRB- actually dictator -RRB- is `` Big Brother . '' The Party political orthodoxy rules the giant country of `` Oceania '' -LRB- in which London is located -RRB- . At the heart of this party 's political orthodoxy is the process of controlling thought through the manipulation of language and information by the use of `` Newspeak '' which utilizes what is called `` doublethink . `` Newspeak is the official language of Oceania -LRB- but is not the only language spoken -RRB- . It is a language that eliminates unnecessary words and is designed to diminish rather than help expressive thought . For example , Newspeak states that there is no good and bad but only good and `` ungood . '' Doublethink is the ability to simultaneously hold two opposing ideas in one 's mind and believe in them both . The three Party slogans that title this review are examples of doublethink . Another good example is that -LRB- 2 + 2 = 4 -RRB- and -LRB- 2 + 2 = 5 -RRB- . The Party keeps everybody in line through Newspeak and doublethink . But they also have other methods . For example , they have the `` Thought Police '' that investigate `` thoughtcrimes . '' These are `` crimes '' of just having negative thoughts about The Party . Another example are telescreens that watch your every move even in bathroom stalls . Thus , `` Big Brother is watching you '' at all times.Winston and Julia are discovered to be guilty of thoughtcrimes by O'Brien -LRB- who is the personification of The Party -RRB- . O'Brien also represents those leaders who use cruelty and torture as their primary method of control -LRB- like Hitler and Stalin did -RRB- . He makes them pay for their `` crimes . `` This novel clearly shows how totalitarianism negatively affects the human spirit and how it 's impossible to remain freethinking under such circumstances.This novel also contains an appendix written by Orwell . Here he explains various aspects of Newspeak and to my surprise he states that by the year 2050 , Newspeak will be the only language that anyone will understand . Why does he state this ? He wanted to keep the fear of totalitarianism alive in his readers well past the year 1984 . -LRB- Thus , this novel is still quite relevant for today ! -RRB- This novel is in a word fascinating ! It is well written and is filled with symbolism and imagination . It begins slow but gradually picks up speed . And the story is very interesting.Finally , after reading this book , I recommend watching the 1984 movie `` 1984 '' starring John Hurt and Richard Burton -LRB- his last movie role -RRB- . In conclusion , this novel is a masterpiece of political speculation that serves as a warning to us all . Read it for yourself to see why it brought Orwell world-wide fame !! -LRB- first published 1949 ; 3 parts or 24 chapters ; 325 pages -RRB- + + + + +
 It seemed so innocuous , just sitting there wedged between two other books on the shelf , collecting dust with the others on my `` yet to read '' list . I may have passed it by altogether had it not been for the fact that I needed to complete my three hundred pages for the second quarter of my junior year . Besides , I 'd read this author 's work before and knew that I enjoyed his writing fairly well . So , without realizing what I was plunging into , I picked up George Orwell 's 1984 ; the most unceremonious beginning for a most extraordinary event.As I unconsciously flipped the pages , not realizing that I was still me and not Winston Smith , the story 's protagonist , barely cognizant , in fact , that this was a book and not reality , I was dimly aware that this was something special ; something far beyond what I had been expecting . If Animal Farm was a slightly humorous , if morbid , look at communism , then 1984 was a ghastly , apocalyptic vision of a demented future . After reading the first twenty pages , I determined that this was the single most quotable book of all time.The infamous Party slogans
 If you have not yet read this classic , you absolutely MUST . That is all that can be said about the book itself . Its impact on popular culture alone necessitates a careful perusal.However , after paying almost $ 9 for this Kindle version -LRB- when I 'm fairly confident that a trip to a used bookseller would have uncovered a physical copy for less than $ 5 -RRB- , I was disappointed to find 3 typographical errors in the first chapter of the book , specifically : `` victory Mansions '' -- On the very first page , in the very first paragraph , no less ! `` The instrument -LRB- the telescreen , it was called -RRB- could he dimmed '' -- On the second page -LRB- depending on how large a font you use on the Kindle -RRB- . `` ordinary shops -LRB- ' dealing on the free market ' , it was called -RRB- '' -- I 've re-created the spacing exactly as it is in this version.I can understand that the publishers are rushing to make their books available electronically , but surely , even Spellcheck would have found some of these errors . Am I the only one bemoaning the lack of craftsmanship in publishing anymore ?
 1984 was n't like 1984 , but if the future will be like this sometime I do n't want any part of it.In the world of 1984 , a communist-ish government called Oceana is in charge of the Americas , Austrailia and the British Islands , at constant war with three other similar governments . -LRB- You 'll read more about that in the book -- it 's pretty fascinating . -RRB- Thinking unorthodox thoughts about the government and the way things are is a crime , punishable by torture and death . Everywhere you go you are in the presence of a telescreen , a sort of two-way TV where they can see you instead of you just seeing them . The English language is in the process of being modified so that unortodox thoughts are not possible.Other than that , the government seems pretty fair ... : -RRB- Definitely one of my favorite books . Read it now , if you have n't already , but I would n't reccomend it to the young ` ins -LRB- 6th grade and below -RRB- ... there 's ... uhh ... stuff they would n't understand .
 After reading this book for a class , I realized how true it was . George Orwell predicted the future and what is really going to happen . Although he figured it to be around 1984 , it is in the process of happening now . The government is slowly taking over us by taking away our God-given individual rights , and they are doing it right in context with their -LRB- insiders -RRB- plan . In 1984 , he said that we were going to end up having a system where we wo n't even have money in our pockets , it would automatically be put into the bank at the end of each work week . Then if we needed to pay for something , we are assigned individual numbers for which we use . Everything Orwell predicted is actually happening now , but most people see it as a good thing that the government has planned for us . If they actually researched more in-depth than the media , they can find out what is really going on . Orwell was not wrong when he knew that the government was going to be controlling our lives , and I personally think this book was a warning . This book was very early for its ' time to most people , but little do Americans know how long this conspiracy has been going on . 1984 was a very scary novel to read , especially to think that it will eventually happen to us if we lose our rights guaranteed to us in the Constitution of the U.S.A.The main point I gathered from this book is that if we do n't take control , we will be controlled .
 Overall , this book is pretty good . It 's creepy , though ! We should all take it as a warning about the kind of world we could become -- one with a totalitarian government who watches you constantly and takes away your every freedom , even freedom of thought -- if we do n't adhere to our beliefs and preserve the human nature .
 In my senior year in high school , I was assigned three books to read ; Fahrenheit 451 , A Brave New World , and 1984 . 1984 had the greatest impact on me of any book I ever read . Winston was one man who thought freely in a world where people were made not to think , or `` doublethink '' . The moral , the lesson , the point
 This is a excellent book . You have to read it . It is a little hard to understand at first , but overall it is great . JUST READ IT !!!
 I really liked this book a lot . The main reason for this is that I managed to read it after I had been in the Army for over three years . After reading it I realized that the Army was n't just an OK place anymore , it was actually bad , very , very bad . After I got out I realized just how much it applied to general society outside as well . I guess what I am trying to say is that everyone should read this book to realize just how important the right to make your own decisions about your own life really are
 This is , without a doubt , one of the best books everwritten . 1984 is n't just a science fiction story , it 's also , moreimportantly , a warning . In a time when cameras are being placed on street corners , it 's almost ironic to watch as so many of Orwell 's predictions have become a reality . It really does n't matter what year this is ; 1984 will always be important .
 We all know that the year 1984 has come and gone , but Orwell 's prophetic , nightmarish vision in 1949 of the world is becoming timelier than ever . 1984 is still the great modern classic of the `` negative Utopia '' - a startingly original and hounting novel that creates an imaginary world that is completely convincing , from the first sentence to the last four words . No one can deny this novel 's power , its hold on the imagination of whole generatins , or the power of its admonitions-a power that seems to grow not lessen , with the passage of time.It is the story of a man by the name of Winston Smith he lives in a time when love of a woman is illeagal not just the act but the nature and feelings to one . A time when you are watched by your television and never have a life by yourself . A time when no one is safe from big brother . And a time when no one can rebel .
 Orwell creates a frightening picture of how easy it is to manipulate human minds using extreme nationalism , unification from a common enemy , misplaced love , and the love of hating things . Readers ask themselves `` WHY ? Why do these people let themselves be subjected to such mind control ? '' Really it 's all the people know . Somehow to them it makes perfect sense that the past does n't exist . Scary . One of the best books I 've ever read
 1984-A good example of what government can and may do . Good warnings of what may happen when government is given too much power and how it may completely take over without being noticed . Depressing but gives good insight . READ IT !!
 1984 ReviewGeorge Orwell 's novel , 1984 is classic , thought provoking literature that everyone should read . 1984 relates to many of the radical ideas of the communist era . Orwell points out the fake reality portrayed by the government with his incorporation of such things as `` victory cigarettes and victory gin . '' This story exhibits the reality of life in many small , exploited countries.The exaggerated ideals 1984 expresses , represents the oppression felt by many in the world that is gilded by a thought of true freedom . The story is very descriptive and allows the reader to feel the true emotions that the main character , Winston Smith is feeling . Orwell shows that in our world everything is deceptive to reality . Conformity is the main concern for the masses working for the elite and even the name Winston Smith is symbolic for this lack of individualistic qualities . This book shows the militaristic tactics used by the government of `` Big Brother '' to inspire people to work and keep an interest in the common good . Every four years the government of Oceana started a fake war with one of the other two super powers to maintain the work ethic and inspiration of the slaving people in the middle class . Winston represents all people who rebel against the system and know that the illusions presented by the government of aristocrats are wrong . He represents the middle class which work as tools of the elite and the proletarians are the people who the government leaves to their own ignorance . 1984 holds a great amount of symbolism and connects fiction with the real world . This book is a must read for everyone and to me , quite possibly one of the greatest books ever written .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is not a prediction of the future , but more of a warning of where mankind could be heading . Written in the year 1948 , this book is a satiric statement of what might come to pass if people did not take action against the problems facing the world . These problems include totalitarianism , fascism , and - most importantly - the use of language to alter thought . This form of mind-control is what gives a lasting impression on anyone who reads this book . Humans are separate from the animal kingdom because of their ability to grasp abstract concepts -LRB- love , hate , etc. -RRB- In 1984 , people no longer have any privacy , the ruling class spy into their homes , and frighteningly - their THOUGHTS . Anyone guilty of a thought-crime -LRB- harboring thoughts against the government -RRB- is tortured until they `` reconsider . '' They are eventually brainwashed through this torture , and the final result is a citizen drained of his personal thoughts and devoted to the government . This thought-provoking satire left a lasting impression on me and I would recommend it to anyone . The symbolism , the characters , and the plot make this story a must-read .
 Orwell understood the why , the what , and most importantly , the who of post modern tyranny . He is a conflicted and tortured man . A man who exposed his own deepest beliefs in `` progressive '' politics and plumbed the depth of the consequences . In the year 2000 Orwell is joined by Jerry Furland , Claire Wolfe , Vin Supranowizc , Neal Boortz , David Horowitz and many others in warning us of the dangers of blindly following the newspeak of the Utopian Left . They are with us today . Just as deadly and just as implacable.The Clintons are , in essence , the quintessential inner party dictators . Gore is a bland understudy . This is still , half a century later , political dynamite .
 It was quite edifying to read the reviews , as you may read , preaching the book 's outdated prophesy and it 's over exagerated message , yet when I looked at where these poor souls inhabited I laughed . We are presented with people from the United States to England to Canada slandering a man who beautifully wrote an inspirational attack on that which would prevent you from living in such a lifestyle as you most likely do live in or want to live in . If you have never lived under tyranny how could you know ? Now please forgive my hypocritical words for I am only sixteen but this along with other books has opened my mind to something so great and terrible . The more I look at who should be my fellow brothers and sisters the more I think about this novel 's relevance . I see how easily one can except anything presented with a superficial answer and how much hate is spread through pride . From the `` Two Minute Hate ' , and ` Big Brother ' to the ` Telescreen ' and the last four words of the novel , this book is a clearer mirror than any other to view our own times , all throughout time , no longer bolstered up with impressions and controversy .
 I think Orwell is one of the English language 's best writers . 1984 is his master-work . However , to really grasp many of the themes in 1984 one must also look at Orwell 's other political writings . -LRB- There is an excellent collection of them on the Web - search for ` George Orwell ' in Yahoo -RRB- . Much of what I would say about 1984 has already been said here . However , it never fails to amuse me when socialists and left-wingers seek to cast 1984 as an attack on capitalism . Even the little piece at the end of the edition offered for sale here tries desperately to protest that Big Brother and Ingsoc might also be the product of capitalism . If you believe this , ask yourself how well the words ` laissez-faire ' would fit into Newspeak.It is absolutely true that Orwell was a ` democratic socialist . ' It is also absolutely true , and Orwell knew , that democracy could produce totalitarianism . 1984 is a critique of two things
 There are many different types of books out there
 with ourselves ... 1984 is an epic of living terror . Of the haunting spectre of communism that has gone paranoid . The central character Winston is a mechanised survivor in this regime where everything is according to the wishes of `` Big Brother '' . Winston becomes a rebel to retain his last shred of humanity . He meets Julia who is a rebel -LRB- but only from the waist down as Winston remarks -RRB- and is well aware of the prevalent hypocrisy and fear.They are unmasked by the thought Police who watch your every move thro hidden telescreens . Winston is arrested and subsequently his reformation begins . He must love BIG BROTHER ... 1984 is a singular in its portrayal of the helplessness of an individual and his acceptance of the sham of BIG BROTHER.Orwell was a genius way ahead of his time and every word of this book proves that fact .
 George Orwell 's prophetic words are coming to pass right before my eyes ; You 'd see it too , if you got off the TV and started paying attention to politicians and the laws they 're passing.I hope there is a revolution of some sort before this grim forecast is played out to the end .
 It 's nearly impossible to reduce what George Orwell achieved with `` 1984 '' , but here are some good examples
 I first heard of this book when , at the age of 17 , my best friend , a year older , told me about it . One year later , I read it as a college freshman . I have brushed up on it several times over the decades -- five decades to be exact . At first , to me it was simply a science-fiction novel . But as the years have rolled by , it seems to me that Orwell 's nightmare has come true . This is true with regard to the endless wars , the shifting identity of the latest bogeyman , the lies that are our daily provender from all directions , the demonization of the individual , the internal spying , the hesitation to defy conventional thinking , the shifting definition of words , the dumbing down , state control of the media , the two-minute hate -LRB- called by another name , of course -RRB- , all the jugglery with `` truth '' and so forth , it is all here and now . I hesitate to give concrete examples for fear that some of you will think that all of this is to be identified with certain factions , when in fact there is only ONE faction in our society , operating in unison like the tentacles of the octopus . It is not simply political correctness , it is everything . This is not something that can be voted out in an election . You will say that our students are taught this book as required reading , they have all been warned , we are on our guard , we can not be deceived . You are deceived every day of your lives , you are surrounded by deception . You deceive yourselves in your very thinking . You think in Newspeak and do not know that this is what you are doing . I have seen this coming and it is before us and in us . You -- yes , even you -- love Big Brother .
 The book is gripping and holds the reader captive for the majority of the book . The characters tale is told intelligently and the plot has all of the litte things it takes to make a good book . However , towards the end of the book it becomes boring unless you really have the perserverence to go on . On a less technical note the book tells a story that you can see in the lay of tomorrow and it is not a good prospect . A time when propoganda is the daily news and and you love your government , dead or alive . They say that love will always find a way , and here it does . For a short time that is . The government goes even so far as to control a persons personal life , and the struggle against them is fruitless , if not gripping . Definetly a good book for everybody .
 By revealing the extreme ; George Orwell , in 1984 , described a chilling reality . This reality was a testimony to the extremes that a government could reach if given the license to do so . Big Brother is a microcosom for the greater socialistic atmosphere that was created in the Soviet Union of the 1940 's .
 I read 1984 when I was in High School and its still amazing how many of us remember it and refer to `` big brother '' in our everyday lives . After all 1984 has come and gone but has the concept of an all seeing government watching our every move ? We are in a digital world we every bank transaction , movie rented , item we buy can be electronically tracked that allow others to see more of our private lives than we realize . Does n't it ever make you wonder where all the junk mail comes from ? The concept is still valid and probably more so ... it would be interesting to see what the generation X'ers think .
 When 1984 was first published , Orwell 's fellow socialists denounced it for its clear criticism of Stalinist Communism along with the Nazi regime and all other forms of totalitarianism . After two generations , the common view was that 1984 was on-target for its time but was now dated as the Communist regimes evolved into ordinary authoritarian ones . Today techno-enthusiasts like Peter Huber say 1984 was based on fallacies , because the spread of information technology aids freedom , not oppression . And to today 's teenagers , the totalitarian experience seems to be ancient history . Why should anyone still read 1984 ? Partly , of course , they should read it for the same reason they should read Wiesel , Milosz , Solzhenytsin , and many others -- because we ought to remember the evils of this century for memory 's sake . But the autobiographies and histories written by those who lived under these most evil of regimes -- important as they are -- necessarily offer a bottom-up view of them .1984 , among many other things , offers insight into the psychology and mindset of the rulers , the torturers , the propagandists . Through reading a -LRB- possibly forged -RRB- samizdat manifesto , through his conversations with O'Brien , and through his knowledge of the workings of the Party 's rewrites of history and language , Smith learns -- and through him , we learn even more -- about the tight links among cruelty , terror , and power over the body and the mind.At the moment we are mostly free of the specific kinds of regimes Orwell attacked , though we should not lightly assume that they will never return . We are not and probably will never be free of those who seek power for power 's sake , of those who use torture and terror , of cruel and evil rulers and would-be rulers . We are not free of the corruption of history and language by politics . 1984 is in that greatest of categories of fiction -- the literature that allows its readers to understand reality better .
 I did n't expect much from a book written in 1949 . I thought I was going to read about ideas which we would view as humorous living in the 90 's . But Orwell 's vision of the 1984 might as well be called any year in the future . For one simple reason , this could happen too easily . The three powers Oceania , Eurasia and Eastasia are in fighting a war that keeps there citizens in oppresion . Only a handful of secretive revolutions toil in the dirty , drab society of 1984 . To read this book is to almost read a non-fictional work of the struggle of man and the over powering forces of government at work . Winston Smith is an ordinary character who leads us through the innermost thoughts of human psyche and the truthes and terrors which lie within . This book is scarier than any work by Stephen King , H.P. Lovecraft or Dean Koontz . Quite simply put the dangers of the olligarchy collectivism seem to real and are just as close to home as they were to readers of the 50 's and 60 's .
 1984 must be called an epic . Few stories have so firmly entrenched themselves into the fabric of our society like Orwell 's masterpiece . From the concept of Big Brother to those of `` newspeak '' and `` thought crime , '' this book has filled several voids in our language . Perhaps the book has frightened us into paying it homage . It hits us at home by addressing issues such as our right to privacy , the extent of control a government should wield over its people , the boundaries of patriotism , the value of love . This novel runs deep in my veins for these reasons and more . In case you had n't noticed the 6 movies , 15 albums and 3,645 features on 1984 , it is the story about life in a hypothetical future . At the time Orwell wrote the novel , the year 1984 was a far-off place in the future . Now it belongs to an era with which we associate opulence and injurious Presidents . For the sake of argument , however , 1984 represents a hypothetical future in any era whereby government has reached too far down our pants . We follow the life of poor Winston , smoking his Victory cigarettes and drinking his Victory coffee , who has the unfortunate affliction of thinking for himself . We follow Winston through the dim corridors of his housing facility hoping that he remembers , BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING . Big Brother is watching Winston and the rest of the community to make sure they stick to the law . After all , they must keep up in their perpetual war with Eurasia and Oceania , the ENEMIES . Of course , Winston has the misfortune of falling in love with a woman , which has no place in the effort to win the war . You 'll have to read the book to find out what they do with Winston ... This novel builds on a brilliant premise that makes the reading - and learning - fascinating throughout . Read it before the government tells you that you ca n't .
 Orwell 's 1984 was a compelling , haunting book . I liked this book and would give it an `` 10 '' because , although it dealt with large contemporary political issues , it addressed them in a personal way . The reader was forced to see that human dignity , intellectual integrity , freedom , and personal needs of love , passion , family , warmth , and security were mankind 's true imperatives . This was a message worth both sending and receiving . It was conveyed on an individual scale that engendered an effective emotional reaction . I liked Winston ; I wished to free him . I hoped he would escape into the `` prole '' world with Julia and be content . When Winston was captured I wanted his torture to cease ; but most of all I longed for his intellectual integrity to survive-its destruction was devastating . For me , therefore , Orwell created an effective warning . Winston told Julia `` we are the dead , '' since because of their individuality , private beliefs , and his intellectual integrity they were doomed . Thus , Orwell vividly reminded us that we must value and safeguard our personal freedoms .
 I found 1984 to be a fascinating and realistic portrayal of human nature . Orwell 's insight into the nature of governments is amazing and enlightening . He has this detached , slightly pessimistic attitude toward human nature that I love . He is so frank about man 's selfishness and greed -- not only as it relates to the governments in 1984 , but also to the rebels like Winston who , in the end , care only for themselves . There are no glamorous heroes in 1984 just as there are any in real life . Orwell has stripped man of all glory and glamour and shown him in an honest , if unflattering , light.I was also very impressed with Orwell 's thoroughness . He described the society , the history and , most of all , the language of the futuristic Oceania in such detail . 1984 is truly a masterpiece .
 Alright , George Orwell was largely wrong in one of his major premises - technology ended up undermining totalitarianism . Technologies like the Worldwide Web have lubricated the flow of ideas ; government hacks are too incompetent , lazy and stupid to crack down effectively on computer users . Orwell , a democratic socialist , was anti-Stalinist to his core and this book is a brilliant attack on the whole Stalin machine . Sometimes the best critics of a system or idea are those who share some of the same assumptions . No right-winger has ever been as effective -LRB- with the possible exception of Solzenhitsyn -RRB- in bludgeoning Stalinism . Orwell is unusually prophetic in his use of the Telescreen as a government propaganda device and indoctrinator . Remember , television was in its infancy when Orwell wrote this book in the late 40s . Television has become a propaganda device though it is not used as crudely as in the Big Brother state of Orwell 's 1984 . Television has effectively dumbed down the population with insipid , trite programming to the point where the average bloke is as intellectually tame and lazy as the Julie Christie character in Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- one has to believe that Ray Bradbury was heavily influenced by 1984 -RRB- . Television has numbed the brains of a majority in the Western world to where they are compliant to the whims and wishes of the current ruling classes . One last night - George Orwell 's mastery of language is a thing of beauty . Read him for the robust joy of the written word .
 This is an incredible book . It 'll totally change the way you think . That 's the irony of the book . Orwell seems to be trying to make you think , Do n't let people control what you think . Irony aside , this foul little book seems to be a commentary on both bourgeousie and socialist society , which makes it ever more timely . A great companion for Brave New World and Animal Farm .
 Unlike `` Animal Farm '' , this book is n't inspired solely by the Soviet Union . The totalitarianism described in the book is very different from every-day life in Socialist countries while not lacking some coincidental similarities.You are going to see a totalitarian regime through the eyes of a small party official . You 'll get introduced to his every-day life and work , and see him starting to have strange thoughts that he 's actually not supposed to think.Orwell 's world is much worse than the Soviet Union ever was . I must warn you that some very brutal scenes are described in detail and are really hard to take . The end is very Orwellian - too abrupt and somewhat disappointing.The movie was pretty good , too .
 I read this book , curious on government issues during the late 40 's . I was shocked at what lie beyond the doors of this classic novel . Orwell has introduced me to a society where propoganda dominates . today , I can easily relate this to the media and press . Orwell wanted to clarify his stand on Communism and propoganda and did so with this intriguing work of literature . What lie beyond the doors of room 101 ? As I say , something worse then death ...
 Twenty years after having read `` 1984 '' , I can still feel its visceral and intellectual impact . IMO , it stands with `` Lord of the Flies '' , `` Age of Innocence '' , and `` Name of the Rose '' as the very best of the hundreds of fictions that I 've read in my lifetime thus far.It 's a testament to the power of Orwell 's masterpiece that , after the title of the book has been relegated to the past , its message of warning is still more relevant today than ever - just look at Iraq , North Korea , Bosnia , Congo , just to name a few.A must-read for those who fight to preserve freedom of ideas , and also for those who seek to repress it .
 Across the country there is a travesty going on . High School teachers are requiring students to read Animal Farm by George Orwell . By the same author there is a much finer example of satire and the multiple levels Orwell attached to each of his books . Nineteen Eighty-Four is simply one of the best books written this century . It approaches a subject matter , Communism , attacks it and then inadvertantly exposes a greater meaning and truth , the essence of freedom . Orwell meant 1984 to be an attack on Russia and what would happen if Stalin and Lenin won . It trascended that and became a handbook for freedom . If anyone does n't come out a Libertarian after reading this book , they did n't read it close enough . One of the many books that will be on classic reading lists for centuries to come .
 George Orwell 's novel 1984 is a dystopia about a world where authoritarian governments rule the world . Everybody should read this book , because freedom of thought is not something that comes naturally to all of us in every country.Even in democratic countries like the United States where people will cross the ocean to fight for democrazy , but ca n't be bothered to cross the street to vote in national elections , freedom of thougth is something each individual has to gain themselves.Apart from oppressive governments sometimes religions decide that they know what 's best for people they have control over . Authoritarian religions and authoritarian governments have so much in common that Orwell 's book could just as well be about religion . Sometimes those in powerful positions even decide that their subjects do n't have to think for themselves , but blindly obey what the leaders think is in their best interests.I was raised a Jehovah 's Witness . 1984 was one of the books that opened my eyes . Do n't be afraid to think for yourself . A good start is to read this book.If you have a loved one whose mind is controlled by a religion this is an excellent gift for them . Because this book is not really about religion Jehovah 's Witnesses can read this book , although they are forbidden to read material that is critical to their beliefs .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is one of the , if not the best science fiction novels of this century . A warning about the menaces of totalitarianism . The novel is set in an imaginary future world that is dominated by three perpetually warring totalitarian police states . The book 's hero , Winston Smith , is a minor party functionary in one of these states . His longing for truth and decency leads him to secretly rebel against the government . Smith has a love affair with a like-minded woman , but they are both arrested by the Thought Police . The ensuing imprisonment , torture , and reeducation of Smith are intended not merely to break him physically or make him submit but to root out his independent mental existence and his spiritual dignity . Orwell 's warning of the dangers of totalitarianism made a deep impression on his contemporaries and upon subsequent readers , and the book 's title and many of its coinages became bywords for modern political abuses .
 I wish there was a way Amazon would let you rate ONE book with six stars , your all-time favorite . If they did that , 1984 would be my pick . I 've read it at least four times , once when I had insomnia I read the whole thing front to back again . The first time I read it was in high school , and I was disappointed because it did n't have a happy ending , because Smith did n't manage to somehow smash Big Brother . But now I recognize the book for what it is
 This book will stay with you forever . It is such a horrific prophecy of socialist control of government that you will find your resolve strengthened to continue to fight for the freedoms with which we are blessed in this country . You will be intrigued throughout this book and find yourself with a new heightened awareness of the brutal nature of governmental control of our lives .
 Breathtaking , in one word . Compellingly written , with a chilling plotline which is familiar to virtually all
 I first read this book about 5 years ago -LRB- being 9 years old !! -RRB- and at the time I did n't understand it well , considering its a book based on life experiences but after it I felt sad and a little scared -LRB- of O'Brien -RRB- . Now I 'm older -LRB- and re-read the book -RRB- I think different of the book . I find it ironic that the bad reviews here tend to have the effect `` it never happened and its unrealistic '' because they do n't seem to think of the effect some things have on them . Personally , I think its double-standards to MAKE people read this since they have the freedom not to.This book is brilliant . O'Brien is probably the scariest person created by an author , and in the end when Winston traces 2 +2 = 5 in the table you see the fraility of the human spirit . You can see many parrells to today in many of the events in the book -LRB- people disappear in Latin America everyday -RRB- . I think this is A LOT better than Animal Farm . Also , for those out there who gave this 3 stars or less , 1984 is NOT insulting communism . You can see that it represents other systems other than communism more . You can see where you would fit in -LRB- I would most probably be Syme -RRB- and where you would turn out . And the best thing about this is that the more you discover about life , the more you discover in this book . I am no way near understanding ALL points in 1984 since I am only 14 . My ending note would be - READ , that is if you dare ... You 'll be trapped into a new realm for life .
 This book should be required reading for every student who purports to live in a `` free society '' . A watershed book . Orwell 's dystopian nightmare grows more relevant with each passing day .
 In high school I read parts for class -- only now did I read the whole thing . I underestimated the length of the Afterword/Appendix so I was not expecting the story to end when it did because it seemed I still had such a sizable clump of paper between the fingers of my right hand . The ending came up so suddenly and kicked me in the face . After I turned the page and saw there was no story left I literally said out loud `` f -- , son '' . No wonder this is a classic . For those of you who think they read it but really only skimmed it for school -- read it eventually . Damn it 's powerful . Part 1 was my favorite . Part 3 seemed to drag on and get redundant but then I realized that 's the entire point . Also I thought it was awesome that it included within itself excerpts from `` the book '' enabling Orwell spit his philosophy right out in front of the reader in an analytical fashion without taking anything away from the story .9 / 10 ... took 2 days to read cover to cover . Left me with that empty `` I wish I knew more '' feeling combined with the dark apathy that was the theme throughout . `` To die hating them , that was freedom . ''
 George Orwell 's prescient view is only incorrect in actual date . The technology to watch like `` Big Brother '' was not fully developed until the turn of the millennium . However , the most important thing to remember to remain free is that Big Brother is not always watching . Rights are endowed by the Creator , not the State .
 I 'm deeply concerned with the problems the United States is facing and this book foreshadows exactly what we 're going through and will go through . If you are worried about your family 's future you owe it to yourself to read this book.Turn off your tv , get off facebook , and please stop living a superficial life of `` ignorance is bliss '' . Spend more time with your family and become more independent of mainstream culture .
 To understand this book , is to have experienced it first-hand . I smuggled a copy of Orwells 's `` Animal Farm '' in German to East Berlin in the mid 1980 's for one of my wife 's cousins to read . I gave them the book in `` Alexander Platz '' thinking we would not be observed because it is an open area . Wrong ! In the 1990s when the tactics came out of the East German secret police , it was shown that the whole area was under hidden video surveillance . Welcome Big Brother ! Orwell 's dystopian world still exists in many forms in our society today . Look at what governments are still trying to do - control the internet , video surveillance systems everywhere etc.This is a classic must read for all . Its message is still plain to see today as when it was written in 1948 and the year that ii discusses . We may not have reached that point of North Korea , but it can become a reality in the near future . This is one of the top 100 literary fiction books to maintain in your personal Library.And remember my favorite Orwell quotes . `` Big Brother is Watching You & Some pigs are more equal than other pigs ''
 the author talks about how the `` big brother '' is mind controlling everyone . i believe this is the case in our own society . with the government controlling the majority with entertainments and news . and the mass also teaches their children these beliefs , and this is how false information passes down . the way to cure this sickness is to read books , and THINK for yourselves . this is the only way to get out of the cycle . i recommend this book to anyone who wants to think for themselves .
 I first read this book in high school because it was required . Needless to say , I have read it a few more times on my own since then . Why ? Because it 's worth it . Orwell offers eerily accurate correlations to a hypothetically world that places heavy reliance on media . Not only do people begin to forgot how to think for themselves , but a world of pure uniformity and lack of individuality begins to develop . One will be shocked at the little things that will remind you of devices that exist in our culture today and perhaps spark a bit of motivation to embrace one 's flaws and unique attributes . After all , Orwell essentially warns in this novel that if we conform the ending wo n't be good . I guarantee one will complete this novel in record time because it 's simply one you ca n't put down until your questions are answered .
 Gods , where do I even start with this?As with To Kill a Mockingbird , I wanted to read this during Banned Books Week for two reasons . First , it 's on the ALA 's list of top banned or challenged books , and second because it 's really , really good.As with all the books I read , there 's always a little part of me thinking about what I 'm going to say about the book once I finally decide to write about it . Sometimes I start composing in my mind , coming up with the pithy words and phrases that have made me into the international book reviewing superstar that I am.This time , however , I could barely concentrate for the cacophony in my head . There 's just so much going on in this novel that doing it any sort of justice would probably require writing a book that was longer than the book that it was analyzing . And as much as I love you guys , I 'm not about to write a whole book about this . Probably because I reckon better minds than mine already have.Regardless , it 's hard to choose where exactly to go on this one . There are so many political , sociological , psychological and philosophical threads to pick up here that no matter what I write about , I 'm pretty sure I 'll get responses about how I did n't mention the solipistic nature of Ingsoc and its relationship to the philosophy behind modern cable news network reporting strategies . Do n't worry , guys - I got that one.I suppose two big things came to mind while I was reading it this time , and the first of them was inspired by the previous book I read , To Kill a Mockingbird . In that book , Atticus Finch talks a lot about bravery . To teach his son about what it truly means to be brave , he gets him to take part in an old woman 's struggle to free herself of a morphine addiction before she dies - an excruciating process that is more likely to fail than to succeed . But she does it anyway . Atticus says to his son about bravery , `` It 's when you 're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what . You rarely win , but sometimes you do . `` The question in my mind , then , was `` Is Winston Smith brave ? `` It 's a hard question to answer , really . By Atticus ' definition , you could say that he is . A member of the Outer Party that rules the superstate of Oceania , Winston Smith is a part of a greater machine . He works in the records department of the Ministry of Truth , diligently altering and `` rectifying '' the data of the past to bring it into alignment with what the Party wants to be true . His is a world where there is no such thing as objective truth - the truth is what the Party says it is.A good member of the Party sublimates his will to that of the Party . What Big Brother wants , she wants . She has no love but love for the Party and no dreams but to do what the Party wants of her . A good Party member does n't have plans or hopes or dreams . He does n't ask questions or idly wonder if things could be different from what they are . A good Party member does n't think . He is born , lives , consumes , and dies.Winston , however , can not be a good Party member . He wonders why the world is the way it is , and begins down a road to assert his own identity as a human being . He knows full well that he will fail , that in the end he and the woman he loves will be delivered into the hands of the Thought Police , and he is appropriately terrified . But he goes through with it anyway . He keeps a diary of his thoughts and actively tries to join an underground movement that is determined to overthrow the Party and Big Brother . He declares himself willing to undertake acts of heinous treason , all in the name of resistance against the Party.And in the end , he fails , just as he knew he would . So does this make Winston , a man who is so far in character from Atticus Finch , a brave person ? Well , yes and no.He does meet Atticus ' definition of bravery - persisting in what you believe to be right , even in the knowledge that you will probably fail . Winston puts his own life on the line multiple times , committing Thoughtcrime of the highest order . But is he doing it for some higher ideal , or is he doing it for more selfish reasons ? Flashbacks to his younger days suggest that Winston Smith was an unrepentantly selfish child , who was willing to disregard the dire straits of his own mother and baby sister in order to get what he wanted . Could we not say that the adult Winston does the same ? That he is more interested in freedom for himself than for others ? Is his rebellion against Big Brother political or personal ? He claims that he wants to see the world changed and freedom brought to all people , but how far can we trust a mind that 's been well-trained in Doublethink?This , of course , gets right back to the Big Question of why people do the right thing , when it might be so much easier and profitable to do otherwise . Atticus Finch could have let Tom Robinson swing , thus saving himself and his family a whole lot of trouble , just as Winston could have just given up and emulated his neighbor , Parsons , becoming as good a Party member as possible . Neither man could do that , though , because is was not in their nature to do so . It was impossible for Winston to continue to live the way the Party wanted to and , given time , he may have been able to reach beyond meeting his own personal needs and seen to the needs of his greater community.Unfortunately , we never get the chance to find out , as the Thought Police eventually get tired of watching him and take him in . To his credit , he does hold out to the last extreme before he betrays Julia in his heart , so perhaps he is brave after all.The other thing that came to mind while I read was the modern use of the word `` Orwellian , '' and how it falls vastly short of what is depicted in this book . It gets thrown about any time a city puts up a few CCTV cameras downtown , or a business decides to put surveillance cameras in their store . It comes up when we put RFID chips in passports and credit cards , or when we think about how much data Google can hold about us . The word brings to mind a sense of constant surveillance , never being able to move or act without some government or corporation knowing what we 're doing.While the concept of the two-way telescreens in this book certainly are a logical extension of surveillance culture , to call a customer database or red light cameras `` Orwellian '' is like calling a Bronze-age chariot a Ferrari . It betrays an incredible lack of understanding of what exactly is going on in the world that Orwell has built . We may be watched by these people , but in comparison to the average citizen of Oceanea - prole or Party member - we are still remarkably free.There are still freedoms available to us that people like Winston never had , and could n't understand even if they were offered . We can protest , we can voice our disagreements , we can channel our energies into whatever pursuit we choose , or not channel them at all . We have the freedom to decide who we want to be and how we want to live , at least within the limits of a well-ordered society . We do not live in daily terror that we might be abducted from our beds , our lives ended and our very existence erased from record and memory . Honestly , I think a few security cameras pale in comparison to the horror that is Oceanea and the world of Big Brother.There is so much more to talk about with this book . I find Newspeak fascinating , and its foundations both amazing and terrifying . The idea that a concept can only truly exist if there 's a word for it brings to mind those `` untranslatable '' words you find in every language . For example , there 's no equivalent to the English `` miss '' in Japanese , as in `` I miss my mother . '' Does that mean that people in Japan are incapable of missing people ? Of course not , but the underlying theory of Newspeak suggests otherwise . Once the party reduces the English language to a series of simple words with no nuance or subtlety of meaning , the idea goes , Thoughtcrime will be literally impossible . After all , how can one wish for freedom if the concept itself is impossible to articulate?Then there 's the idea of the mutability of the past . The way the Party exerts its unbreakable control over the population is by virtue of the fact that they control all media - newspapers , radio , television , publishing of all sorts . If the Party wants to , say , claim that Big Brother invented the airplane , all they have to do is revise all relevant media to reflect their desired past , and then replace and destroy anything that disagrees with them . With no evidence that Big Brother did n't invent the airplane , all that 's left is fallible human memory , and those who do think they remember the `` right '' version of the past will eventually die anyway . Whoever controls the present , the Party says , controls the future . And whoever controls the past controls the present . By remaking the past , the Party guarantees that they can never be gainsaid or proven to have erred in any way.Fortunately for us , Big Brother never had the internet to contend with . As anyone who 's been online for a while knows , nothing on the internet ever goes away . Ever . The words of any leader or influential person are all there , in multiple copies , all of which can themselves be copied and distributed in mere seconds . While it is possible to fake a photograph , the awareness of that possibility , as well as the technology to suss out the fakes , are just as available to anyone who wants them . Even in cases where there are disputes about the past , or re-interpretations of past events , it is impossible for one version to systematically replace all others . While this sometimes results in competing versions of the past , the one with the most evidence tends to prevail.Continuing in that vein , the understanding that the Party controls all information about itself leads to a very interesting question that 's not addressed in the book - is anything that is not directly witnessed by Winston Smith true ? We are led to believe , for example , that there are three world powers - Oceanea , Eastasia and Eurasia - which are locked in a state of perpetual war . The nature of this war and how it serves the interests of these three nations is laid out in Goldstein 's Book , which is the text of the Revolution that Winston and Julia want to join . But here 's the thing - Goldstein 's Book is an admitted fiction , written by the Party as a kind of honeypot to bring suspects through the last stages of their Thoughtcrime . So we have no proof that the world of Nineteen Eighty-four actually is laid out the way it appears.The Party could in fact dominate the world , using the pretext of war to keep the world 's citizens terrified , needy and compliant . On the other extreme , Oceanea could just be Britain , turned in on itself like some super-accelerated North Korea , its borders sealed and its citizens kept in utter ignorance of the world outside . We do n't know . We have no way of knowing , and neither do any of the characters in the book . Even the Inner Party members might not know the truth of their world , and would n't care if they did.One more thing , and I 'll keep this one short - Doublethink . The ability to hold two contradictory ideas in your mind , believing in both of them simultaneously and yet being unaware that there 's any conflict at all . Knowing , for example , that last week chocolate rations were at thirty grams , and at the same time knowing that this week they had been raised to twenty . All I can say here is to look at the current health care debate in the United States . Here 's a fun game
 this book is great . it shows how if we let ourselves become ignorant and do n't protect our rights then we will be taken advantage of . if we do not consistently farmiliarize ourselves with our surroundings we will allow ourselves to be manipulated , and if we suddenly realize and protest there will be devastating outcomes .
 After I read this book , I was so disturbed that I could n't concentrate on my homework . Since I could do nothing else , I thought about the book . I realized how lucky we are that we live in a society with privacy , fairness , and freedom . I though it was inhuman when the man in jail -LRB- I 'm not saying who -RRB- was proud of his daughter for turning him in after hearing him mutter in his sleep against the Party . This is the least of the inhuman things that happen . I really am able to apreciate our living in a free society . I hope others can too .
 After i read this book i made a doodi
 This was a wonderful book where the main character , Winston Smith is compelled to speak out aganist Big Brother and the end result is exactly what any one of us would have done . A lot of people I know hated the ending , but I think the ending makes the book . It shows the way that we as humans really do respond in situations like that . Absolutley incredible . This is one of the best books I have ever read .
 Another Orwell Down the Road ? What Orwell did with 1984 is truly amazing . Look around you today , Big Brother has all but come into existence . They are watching you ! Who is watching me ? You will find out soon enough . I 'm still shivering at the thought . Thank you Mrs. Hanthrop-Fifteen years later I finally did read this book and absolutely loved it . But I must say that was then , this is now . Now I have found the next generation man of insight and novel for my time . Mind Bomb , by John Mayer is comparable to 1984 or Stephen King 's The Stand to which Mayer takes this `` More is NOT better '' idea concerning the awesome deluge of people in the world and really makes you wonder if everything is going to fall apart . Or if there is someone out there ready to rise up and make certain it will . I highly recommend both books . Please read them , but note that Mind Bomb is only available at Xlibris.com.E-Mail me if you have trouble finding it
 Orwell 's masterpiece is a book to be treasured . Read it purely for its entertainment value , or read it for its disturbing view of politics in our world . ' 1984 ' is a novel that has become a classic because it raises issues that are pertinent to our society - even today , more than a decade after the time the novel was set in . This book gives you an entirely new perspective of the world around you - how much of it can you believe , and how much of it is truth `` through the eyes of the Party '' ? Themes including war , politics , love , truth and betrayal are all discussed in a novel that will leave you with a broader understanding of the world , life and mankind .
 This book altered the way I conceived thought and memory . It showed us a world where people had no control over what they remember . 1984 not only a fantastic book but but a piece of literature that intrigues the deepest parts of our minds . Please read this book !!!
 This book is wonderfully depressing and should be plastered on the walls of schools and goverement buildings.Please mail me if you like or dislike thsi book .
 The greatest book ever to be put to print . The first time I read it I became utterly depressed , but I knew the book was too good to be merrely dismissed as depressing . So I reread it and found it a harrowing novel . Helplessness is the best word to describe the feeling of this novel .
 George Orwell was a genius when writing this book . This book is pure genius ! I reccomend everyone to read this book . It shows how much we really have in life , and that we need to protect our freedom and rights at all costs . It would be a nightmare to live in his world
 George Orwell , in his book `` 1984 '' , writes of a future dystopian society where the governments of a few nations maintain control of the world by keeping their inhabitants in submission and fear.Like in his earlier work `` Animal Farm '' , Orwell is making a pointed attack against the Soviet Union and communism . However , Orwell 's work is more importantly a powerful depiction of the power and danger of an unchecked government . He grimly depicts the psychological , economic , technological , and other weapons a government has at its disposal against its people.I recommend this book highly to everyone ; I would even say that it is a must read . The writing is not difficult to understand , however , the political concepts are better appreciated with first hand experience and interaction with government and its potential for power abuse . I first read `` 1984 '' as a sophomore in high school and did not fully comprehend the books meaning . The book is even more valuable as a comparison to modern day political events .
 Put simply this is the greatest work of dystopian literature ever created . It 's not filled with useless details like Atlas Shrugged and is more vivid than anything Huxley or London have ever created.Nineteen Eighty - Four shows the ultimate consequences of government intervention into the individual 's life . The book takes place in a totalitarian state called Oceania where even the thoughts of the citizens are controlled and punished by the ruling party.Follow the life of Winston Smith , a mal adjusted government propagandaist , as he struggles to keep his mind , body and soul free for the death grip of the all encompassing state.A must read for all who value individuality , liberty and non-comformity . Come and discover why Orwell is one of the most influential and referenced author of the last century .
 Several concepts from `` 1984 '' - especially `` Big Brother '' - have been popular cultural references for many years . Despite being familiar with them long before reading the novel , I still found the novel to very engaging and entertaining . One easily identifies with Winston Smith , trapped in a brainwashed society and wanting to rebel , knowing things could be better . Instead of feeling dated , the story feels even more relevant today with the level of surveillance that governments across the globe exercise currently.Some elements such as doublethink may appear to be a bit far-fetched , but still remain scary because one can see a government seeking absolute and unending control going to any lengths to achieve their goal . Indeed , attempting to control people 's thoughts is n't outside of the realm of possibility ; it can almost seem like `` political correctness '' taken to an extreme . So while fans of science fiction and readers of almost any dystopian future story will be familiar with some of the concepts seen here , this is well worth a read , being both one of the earliest examples of the story and still one of the best .
 Obviously a great book , but the Kindle edition -LRB- at least -RRB- omits the Appendix `` The Principles of Newspeak '' which any reader should want to have !
 George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is such a powerful read , and a fascinating look into the world where one is under control of the State through the `` Big Brother . `` There is one quote that stood out for me from this book : `` Who controls the past controls the future ; who controls the present controls the past . `` What if this `` Big Brother '' is true ? Now that would be a terrifying thought ...
 A powerful book , that eerily depicts the direction the world is going where truth is shunted and lies are promoted by all the mainstream media . The three slogans of the Party as described in book is very familiar with what we hear from our leaders in these times : War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryIgnorance is StrengthOrwell paints a picture of how this fascist totalitarian state is controlled by control surveillance , the new language of Newspeak and the three main ministries that are : `` Ministry of Peace '' , which concerns itself with war `` The Ministry of Truth '' , which takes care of news , entertainment , education etc. in short translated as the place of propaganda `` The Ministry of Love '' , which is concerned with law and order and according to Orwell the most frightening one.It is truly a must read book as the rise of fascism is happening . Can also highly recommend seeing the movie called `` V for Vendetta '' , as it is also set in a fascist environment , that closely resembles the one George Orwell depicts in this book .
 This book is a historical masterpiece . The characters , the setting , the message , still ring true today . Individualism is crushed in this books world ; humans become like insects , and think with a hive mind . The doctrine that the people of this world chant like a mantra are all basic contradictions , such as , `` War is peace '' . Putting the mind in a double bind where normal thought is paralyzed . A lot of people say that we are moving forward towards the 1984 world . I agree in a sense but we are going about it in a subtle different way . Such as the current cry for everything in the name of safety , really , Can you ever be safe enough ? Therefore any law could effectively get passed in the name of safety , or battling terrorists or global warming , or equal rights , or etc infinitum . We have to remember to use common sense when something is presented as truth . Further we must be careful and ever vigilant when it comes to human rights and freedom of speech , and learn the lessons that Orwell tried to teach us .
 Reading this novel again in today 's context is even more enlightening . Orwell 's nighmarish vision of the future seems to be drawing closer with every passing year.This book is a classic and simply must be read by everyone . I personally own two copies of this book and believe it should be a staple of every modern library .
 I first read this novel in the early 1970s and again more recently.Reading the novel during the cold war period , the comparative focus was inevitably on totalitarian socialist or communist states as the likely villains . Of course , the closer the world moved towards 1984 , the more we wondered how closely the world would resemble the picture drawn by Orwell.Reading the novel again after 1984 , and especially now that the cold war has ended and been replaced by other threats to humanity , it is interesting to think about what Orwell 's message really might have been about , and its relevance today.Certainly , the psychology of fear and abuses of authority remain central issues . Media manipulation has been elevated to an art form and control of information probably does n't matter much if people are not well enough educated to dissect facts from interpretation and possible consequences from likely causes .1984 is a great novel . It invites the reader to think about the shape of the future and about a more ideal society . One , perhaps , that optimises the balance between individual rights and responsibilities , and collective safety and obligations.Prescience , irony or paradox ? Thankfully , each reader can form their own view -LRB- s -RRB- . Highly recommended.Jennifer Cameron-Smith
 I do not much enjoy reading the works of George Orwell ; they are far too grim and pessimistic for me . Despite their unpleasantness , however , Orwell 's books are amongst the finest ever written , particularly `` Animal Farm '' and his masterwork , `` 1984 '' . Having recently experienced `` 1984 '' , my being is still in a state of disarray , as will be that of anyone who encounters the novel . `` 1984 '' challenges everything humankind stands for , examines what it means to be human , and then spits on the face of humanity . It does more than that , though - it also tears out all our insecurities and flaws , exposes them in bright sunlight , and then strips us of all confidence and hope , leaving us feeling like little more than dust in the wind . And yet still `` 1984 '' is as much a celebration of humanity as it is a ghastly warning of the dystopia awaiting us should we allow the human spirit to be corrupted.Orwell 's novel was written in 1949 , shortly after the end of World War II and the detonation of the atomic bomb , and the paranoia and fear that arose from those conflicts as well as from the threat of communism -LRB- which even at this time Orwell was well aware of -RRB- clearly spawned `` 1984 '' . The book is set in 1984 , probably -LRB- because in the future no one can really keep track of the years -RRB- . The world has been grouped into three opposing forces
 This book shows how democratic countries shows how they look in a totaliterianistic government . When I read that Oceania also included the U.S. I could n't believe it . The whole phrase of `` Big Brother is Watching You '' came from this book . This book comes a little bit short of Animal Farm to me , but it was still a great lead . In the year , the borring movie of 1984 was made , but it 's better to read the book than see the movie .
 1984 is by far my favorite book of all time . I did n't read it for school , and i 'm glad because it would have ruined the book to be over analyzing it the entire time . Which is not to say that there 's nothing to analyize , but it 's best to draw your own conclusions . While i was reading , i was truely affected by this book , and i really could n't force myself to put it down except to sleep.I 'm really tired of kids complaining that it has a sad ending
 George Orwell 's `` Nineteen Eighty Four '' is a brilliant warning about totalitarianism . It is certainly about communism . You can tell from their physical descriptions that Big Brother is Stalin and Goldstein is Trotsky . At a time when many people admired the Soviet Union , George Orwell saw the Soviet system for what it was - a brutal dictatorship based on fear . However , it is not just about communism . It is a warning against all totalitarian systems of thought that seek to impose forcibly a particular ideology on people and to mould people at will . Winston Smith 's struggle to hold on to objective truth in a world of lies and human decency in a world of cruelty symbolises the real life struggle to do just that of so many people in this century that has brought us the horrors of the Gulags and Auschwitz .
 After being a smart English teacher for 41 years in Venice , I 've reached the conclusion that Nineteen Eighty-Four is a vivid satire on the Russian Revolution . I read this book on the Supreme 747 PowerJet on my way to Australia . Despite being disturbed several times by male-stewardesses , I was able to tell that this was a fantastic book . It is unfortunate that this book caused the writer years of sickness and was bedridden for the remainder of his life . And that I was not included in his will . read this book!Judas man Vanen
 Orwell 's 1984 is certainly one of the greatest novels ever written . It is more than the socio-political commentary , on which many other reviewers have focused on solely , but has an enchanting love story weaved seemlessly in to it . I apologise for my ` flowery ' style , but I can not speak highly enough of this novel . It is also written to think about , not just to read . I read a review which stated that the novel had a sad ending . Once you have read the book , ask yourself ` When is Winston at his most happy ? ' . That is the books contradiction , and its achievement .
 I read 1984 for a book report . It is really interesting and does n't make you bored . It is kind of disapointing in the end , but it is the most creative book i have ever read . Im 14 and i really enjoyed this book .
 George Orwell 's nightmarish vision of 1984 proved not to be true , but an intellectual book all the same . The first half , however , was quite dull , and took too long to get to the point . But , if you have patience this book can be a real pleasure .
 An extremely moving and powerful book which reduced me to tears
 After reading some of the review I felt that people needed some information on this book . First George Orwell was a socialist . He fought on the side of the anarchists on the Spanish Civil War . His book is not about the dangers of communism but about the dangers of totalitarianism , the two are unrelated , not that anyone knows this . The book is also about more than this . It is about what is important in life , about humanity in general , and about war , to name a few . I think if people read it more carefully they would find it more worthwhile , but then who cares what I think .
 This was a good book . I just finished reading it for a tenth grade English class and it was good . It was kinda boring at first , but I liked it . I would recommend it to my friends .
 Caters to the paranoia inside you . Everyone should read this book
 I 'm surprised that Noam Chomsky has n't been mentioned in any of the 299 previous reviews . Nineteen Eighty-Four is not just a supreme work of art
 Simply put , I beleive 1984 to be the greatest piece of writing of the 20th century .
 What can one say about this book that has not been said before ... it is one of the most powerful works one can ever read , which is forever fresh and remains relevant no matter what era it is read in .
 George Orwell has to be one of the most gifted satirical authors -LRB- and prophets -RRB- of the 20th century . I did not read this for school , although the only reason I picked it up in the first place was to be ahead of my Lit . class next year . I would be glad to read this book many times over , and hope my classmates will engage in some of the discussions on the books undertones on the strength -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of the human spirit that my family did . This amazing piece of work stands as my favorite book of all time , and the starting point that lead me to dystopian works of Aldous Huxley , and even Kurt Vonnegut .
 1984 is about several things but mostly it is about language
 This book tells us about how one person 's Total thinking can be altered by means of a simple tool called Torture .
 In my opinion this is Orwell 's best novel and is also my favorite book . It can happen to us as long as their are power hungry human beings in this world .
 naturally , the first thing i noticed in this book was orwell 's depiction of communism and fascism . but orwell also drew a parallel between the oceanic society and religion , where a bad thought is a crime , hypocracy is common , the demands of the religion considered freedom , ignorance your only true strength and , yes , two plus two can equal five . Big Brother can portray not only a dictator , but god . does he really exist ? no one has ever seen him . of course , this is only secondary to the main theme of this book , totalitarian governments . this book can be interpreted on many levels . to all those people saying this book was slow and boring
 In my British Lit class we had to read a wide variety of books . From Jane Eyre to Brave New World to 1984 , I enjoyed every one .1984 is a truely inspirational book that engrossed me in it until I finished , two weeks earlier than we were supposed to . It , as well as all the other books I read in that class , made me want to go back to the classics and read them.It gave me inspiration that not all classics are dull and boring .
 1984 was a phenomenal book . Few books I 've read have caused me to think so closely about societal issues , the government , and human instinct . The book proposed a sociey in which the government has complete and utter control over every action and thought that it 's citizens experience . I do n't usually enjoy books that have a science fiction basis , however , 1984 truly captivated my attention , and I found myself reluctant to put it down . It relays the story of a man , Winston , who wishes to change a society where all oposition to the government is dealt with swiftly and severely , usually by death . He joins forces with Julia , a strong willed woman , who also acts as his love interest . Together , they attempt to get in touch with the Brotherhood , an anti-Big Brother agency , in hope that one day Big Brother will be overthrown . The twists and turns that the book contains are exquisite and they culminate into one superb ending . The book is at times somewhat dry , but none the less , I would highly recommend it to anyone who is ready to read a thought-provoking piece of outstanding literature .
 Hmmm ... some pretty hyperbolic reviews for this book so far . Well , I ca n't deny that it is now the equal best book I 've ever read -LRB- along with One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , which I 'm going to read again , to see which is better -RRB- , but all this talk of causing depression and paranoia is a little over the top . Frankly , it made me feel euphoric to be so engrossed and stimulated . It certainly stirs emotion , it certainly is prophetic and it is impossible to put it down , but the real strength for me lay in the absolute craftsmanship present in the writing . I think this is because the book is a combination of fiction and political philosophy - all the more clever because the political philosophy has to ring true in regard to the fictional content , and also be relevant to reality in order to make it 's impact on the reader.Much of it describes the conflict within Winston Smith 's head ; the contradiction between what he believes to be true and what he is told to believe , so you have a lot of thoughts and concepts being discussed at length during the story . To order and structure a novel of this kind and present a cohesive description of a system of government in such a way is an amazing feat . Having seen the film , I could not see how the people employed alongside Winston Smith can be involved in their own deception and be blind to it , but Orwell is absolutely convincing . It is such an intricately woven novel . I have often thought that I would like to write a novel , and one of the things that stopped me is the knowledge that I would not have the patience to get to the end , but then to read something like this makes you realise that there is no point because it would be impossible to write anything as complex and compelling as this . Orwell discusses so many ideas yet every time he revisits one , he takes it further and delves deeper into the system , and deeper into the mind - without repeating himself.Frankly , I find it difficult to explain just how well written this is , to say nothing of the great story.To sum up in one sentence ... absolutely fascinating .
 1984 is , quite simply , a book that everyone should read . It is one man 's view of the world that we were , and still are , becoming , and it is a view that is not a pleasant one . Told through the eyes of an ordinary citizen living in London , George Orwell expounds upon the ways in which an unchecked government would intrude into our daily lives . From the cameras that are always watching , to the children who are brainwashed by the state to spy on `` thought criminals , '' to the revisionist history that is nothing but pure propaganda , and the continual reduction of one 's rations for military purposes , the country that is run by Big Brother is one in which there are truly no freedoms , and those who speak out are quickly silenced.It is also a story of hope , even in the face of such an invincible enemy . The main characters attempt futily to fight back , trying to find their own form of seclusion . Yet , whom can they trust ? It seems as though everyone is on the government 's payroll . In the end , they have to make a last ditch effort for a piece of freedom , knowing the consequences will be severe if they are caught .1984 is , to some extent , a slow read , but this is necessary due to the intricate descriptions of the characters ' ordinary actions . While news of the war is always heard of in the background , the front is far off , if it exists at all . Rather , we are taken into the homes , workplaces , pubs , and streets of a horrifying world in which we have no power , save that to succumb to the wishes of our rulers . 1984 is a warning to those who would place too much power into our government 's hands , for as we have seen in real-life examples , the government is not afraid to abuse the power it is given .
 Written in 1949 , this book has become such a part of the culture that even people who 've never heard of it -LRB- if there are any such -RRB- would recognize the terms `` doublethink '' and `` thoughtcrime '' , among others that this book introduced to the lexicon . The truly scary thing is not that there are noticeable similarities between our political culture and the culture portrayed in this book , but rather the even closer similarities between that culture and our corporate culture.After all , in the corporate world , as in the `` Oceana '' of this book , the `` proles '' -LRB- common laborers -RRB- can pretty much think and say what they want , although it IS possible for individuals to go too far . But if one wants a comfortable life in an office job , one not only has to watch what one says , but how one says it , and what one can be demonstrated to think . If one is caught in the `` thoughtcrime '' of being insufficiently enthusiastic about one 's company , or showing doubts about whether what it 's doing is right or not , one will surely be `` disappeared '' ; one 's co-workers will show up one day and simply not find you there , and if anyone is foolish enough to ask what happened , they will simply be told , in a tone of voice that brooks no further questions , `` s/he is no longer with the department '' . If the offense was serious enough , that person will never work in as high-level a position again , anywhere . They wo n't have been taken off and tortured ; they will simply have been exiled to the status of common laborer , where they 're no longer dangerous.Also , if you doubt the existence of `` doublethink '' , consider that corporations want honest , trustworthy employees , but heaven help the employee who speaks his/her mind -LRB- even quietly , on his/her own time -RRB- if it disagrees with corporate policy.The real world may be more subtle than the novel , but truth is no less truth for being subtle .
 How easily can humans be influenced and manipulated?This question has to be considered to decide whether the novel `` 1984 '' written by George Orwell in 1949 as a `` negative utopia '' is realistic or not.The protagonist Winston Smith lives in London , the capital of Oceania which is one of the three existing superstates . As an outer party member he is constantly controlled and observed by the `` English Socialist Party '' -LRB- Ingsoc -RRB- and its imaginary leader , Big Brother . The country is always in the state of war with some other state to prevent an increase in the living standards to keep the power over the population.The plot of the novel is divided into three parts that reflect Winston 's development in the totalitarian system that requires full orthodoxy . In part 1 he secretly starts to rebel against the horrible circumstances , the emptiness and loneliness of his life while he works in the Propaganda Ministry of the state . The second part describes Winston 's relationship to Julia , an uncomplicated , optimistic woman . When the two are arrested because of unorthodoxy and so-called `` thoughtcrime '' Winston is tortured and brainwashed in part 3 . The novel describes the experiences and reactions to a cruel suppression of individuality . The continuous control body and mind -LRB- emotions and thoughts -RRB- by the Thought Police and the punishment Winston is afraid of , force him to look expressionless to the telescreens while his doubts and emotions whelm up inside him . He tries to express himself in a diary -LRB- thoughtcrime -RRB- though his feelings are manipulated by indoctrination to hatred towards a virtual enemy . In his work Winston has to manipulate himself
 Nineteen-eighty-four is a prime example of what the future may have looked like had the world had fallen to a reign of totalitarism ; a world of total government control . If you enjoy lengthy narratives with details oozing out of the binding , or take a fancy to history and government , this is a must read . If you like books that make you think , this would be a good choice ; however , if these subjects do n't excite you , you may want to stay away from this one . The incredibly detailed writing clarifies and depicts each scene with stunning reality , but can slow the reading with the intriguing , yet tedious facts.The main themes are love , oppression , and hidden rebellion . It deals with the struggle of man against the indomitable machine of politics . Nineteen-eighty-four is set behind the perspective of the main character , Winston . Only what the he sees is what the reader sees . Given this , you see a great deal . If you harbor even the smallest interest in totalitarian government or communism , this is a good read . The book follows Winston through his daily life and describes its intertwining with the people around him , the `` Brotherhood , '' and the `` Party . '' Through hatred of the governmental restrictions and an illegal love interest , Wilson secretly plans the Party 's demise as the plot progressively thickens . The insight and imagination that Orwell used to fabricate an entire world is outstanding . He has a marvelously terrifying viewpoint of Marxist policy , scary to the point of realism.However , as good as this book may seem , it is aimed at the mature reader , a fabulous choice for the high school and college students and great for adults too . So for all of you who have always heard the well-known phrase `` Big Brother 's watching you , '' and never knew what it meant , take the chance to figure out what it means by diving into 1984 ; you wo n't be disappointed .
 Orwell , for a skinny accountant-looking Englishman who 's real name is Eric Blair , you rock for this single shining moment in literature history . Yeah , kudos to you.The nightmarish world of 1984 has yet to hit us yet , though we are getting there sometime . His world of Oceania is completely thourough and believable , with many similarities in today 's society . It 's an Animal Farm for the real world , no metaphors , no representations , just humans so idiots who did n't understand the latter can feel smart , too.Winston , our hero , is almost a perfect mirror image of Orwell himself , wandering around the plot and pointing out the ways people will try to control you without even really trying to point it out . It is written so well it just speaks for itself . It does n't need to be explained , it is understood at first glance.The world is alive with sugar rations , forced morning exercises , paroles , betrayals , hipocrisy , and chestnut trees -LRB- You 'll understand all too well when you finish the book -RRB- . Winston sees cracks , deep and ominous , in his utopia and eventually tries to rebel against it only to be `` re-educated '' . The book explores the meanings of truth , of history , of what really is for our own good.From the first sentence to the last four words , this book is one that will stay with you forever .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is a riveting story of science-fiction where everyone is constantly watched and every move analysed.It is also , and more , a sociological book about totalitarism . It asks the question ?
 George Orwell 's classic ' 1984 ' was absurd to me when I first read it in 1984 at the tender age of sixteen . Now , at twice that age , I realize how close we really are to the horror he envisioned . It is a cynical and depressing look at how weak the human spirit really can be . Even now , it is appalling to see my generation sacrifice liberty for security at every turn . The novel leads you along expecting the best for our protagonist , but in the end his doom is sealed not by his own unwillingness to fight , but the unwillingness of mankind . A society where people would gladly live in shackles -LRB- even in the metaphorical sense -RRB- rather than make a stand for the right to live free , is not so hard to invision . The society described in Orwell 's nighmarish future is only off by a few generations ... we are on the road to `` doublethink '' . WAR IS PEACE , FREEDOM IS SLAVERY , IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . This novel should be read by all high school students , and read again by all parents .
 George Orwell 's novel 1984 is an intriguing piece ofliterature . It is interesting , inspiring , and terrifying all at thesame time . Published in 1949 , the novel 's unyielding dystopian realism gives a warning that concerns the menaces of totalitarianism that Orwell feared could completely grip the world in the near future . The novel is set in an imaginary future world that is dominated by three constantly warring totalitarian police states . The novel 's hero , Wnston Smith , is a minor party official in the Ministry of Truth , where the motto is , `` he who controls the past controls the future , and he who controls the future controls the past . '' Ironically , it is Winston 's relentless longing for ` truth ' and decency that leads him to secretly rebel against the government and its esteemed leader , Big Brother . In doing so , Smith becomes involved in a love affair with a like-minded by the name of Julia . Together , with the purpose of overthrowing the totalitarian government , they join an underground organization called the Brotherhood . Unfortunately , they are both apprehended by the Thought Police shortly after their admission into the organization . The ensuing imprisonment , torture , and reeducation of Winston and Julia are intended not merely to make them submit or to break them physically , but to root out their independent mental existence and spiritual dignity to the point that they betray the only thing that they have ever loved
 `` 1984 '' is a haunting look into a post Nuclear War world where all world governments have evolved into all-seeing , all knowing , ruthless police states constantly at war . It is a very worthwhile read for all of us now in the post-industrial/nuclear era . Whether humanity is capable of degrading to and sustaining such a system is hard to know , but as Walter Cronkite explains in the forward , this book is a warning about what we may be capable of allowing if we are not vigilant in defense of our liberties and human , not mechanized , way of life . Written from the first person perspective , the reader bonds with Winston Smith , a likable and familiar fellow to any reader . We experience the terror and fear omnipresent in his society and join him as he begins to question the Party . The `` Telescreen , '' the infamous device in every party member 's home that both broadcasts the party line and watches the residents is a pessimistic preview of what our broadbanded , HD media devices could become .
 `` In the old days , he thought , a man looked at a girl 's body and found it desirable , and that was the end of the story . But you could not have pure love or pure lust nowadays . No emotion was pure because everything was mixed up with fear and hatred . Their embrace had been a battle , the climax a victory . It was a blow struck against the Party . It was a political act . '' The year is 1984 , or so Winston Smith thinks . Nothing is ever certain anymore except he lives in Oceania and they are constantly at war with either Eurasia or Eastasia . They had always been at war with Eurasia , until a quick announcement and falsification of thousands of records made them always at war with Eastasia . The Party is always right , or so it would seem . By looking at records you know existed , you would find only lies . Winston Smith knows this because he works for the Ministry of Truth , which deals with the falsification of records . The Party is the single reigning body of totalitarianisim for 1/3 of the world . But , is this simply a mere story , or something more ? Was George Orwell trying to warn us of the direction our own government is heading ? This version is a little extreme , but it proves its point . Winston Smith is an average man working for the Party . Scared of it , but also hating it , Winston believes that he is good as dead . He does not believe in the Party or its values , and in this world , that will earn you an arrest from the thought police for thoughtcrime . The Party can virtually read your mind through the telescreen ; a two - way video broadcast system . You can never be alone with your thoughts .
 George Orwell was way ahead of his time with this book . It 's amazing that in the late 1940 's when in the West relatively little was known about the life under communism and it 's impact on everyday life , Orwell was able to capture this so brilliantly ! However , this book is n't just about communism , but about any social , religious or other structure that is trying to suppress freedom and exert control over human mind . Still relevant today.Probably the only thing that he did not get right is that he associated communism too closely with the ability to innovate . When there are no personal rewards and people live in fear , there is n't innovation . But that 's just a side note and it does not take anything away from this brilliant book.It 's a timeless classic that has something to say to every generation and should be a required reading . I highly recommend it .
 I could n't believe myself when I saw this book . Top quality , for such a nominal price . I prefer hardbounds to paperback , and this book for sure is an exception to the fact that hardbound books are grossly costly.I definitely recommend this product !
 Orwell displays brilliance at every turn in this acclaimed work . The depth of social commentary , non-stop plot , rich characters and fluid sytle make this a classic in every sense . The aventures of Winston Smith , the main character , provide incisive , memorable insights into the nautre of human affairs . This book deserves all the praise it has received over the years . Highly recommended .
 Twisted view of a future world , even more creepy looking at it from a time 20 years after this imaginary future ... it is interesting to compare and contrast this book with reality ...
 This has to be one of the most important books in the modern era , never has a book changed the way I viewed government , and society as this book has . You 'll be reflecting upon this book for days and even well after .
 The power of 1984 lies in its author 's uncanny prescience . The ordeal of protagonist Winston Smith is similar to that which many Americans are experiencing today , through the gradual erosion of personal liberties and the creeping intrusiveness of government . The most chilling aspects of the novel concern not its depiction of graphic torture , but rather its treatment of its fictional media , which distorts reality at whim to suit the aims of Big Brother . The extent to which betrayal by government plays a part in the story should also be haunting for today 's citizens . These maladies are too eerily close to what is happening today in America , as media spin distorts every story out of control and politicians are making themselves more impossible to trust every day . That George Orwell foresaw so many decades ago the rise of leaders like George Bush and Dick Cheney truly testifies to his sagacity , just as the story 's power to transfix and haunt modern readers testifies to his brilliance as a storyteller .
 Today 's American is mentally incomplete if he/she has not read this book . If you have n't read it , please do so . If you have read it , please read it again . And keep in mind that reading it is not the goal . Knowing it is the goal.The distinction is important because Orwell so masterfully describes the loss of truth , the loss of individuality , the loss of freedom so subtely and so effortlessly , that the crucial points are missed if the reader has a lack of focus.with uncanny brilliance , Orwell describes the tactics used by a totalitarian state against its own people to gain submission and cooperation . The submission is so complete that the proles -LRB- the masses -RRB- no longer have ownership over their own thought ! It is a subtle and painless process and only Alexis De Tocqueville , in his monumental work , `` Democracy in America '' has come close in the past 175 years of describing it , but even Tocqueville admits that he ca n't give it a name . `` In fact there will be no thought ... Orthodoxy means not thinking-not needing to think . Orthodoxy is unconsciousness '' writes Owell . Orwell later writes that `` orthodoxy is stupidity '' . What the reader needs to understand with this point is that `` orthodoxy '' is the `` news '' we get from our mainstream media , our establishment press . Because our mainstream media is government controlled , as explained in the book : U.S. Television News and Cold War Propaganda , 1947-1960 -LRB- Cambridge Studies in the History of Mass Communication -RRB- , naturally only government orthodoxy will be espoused.In the novel , Orwell writes , `` There is no possibility that any perceptible change will happen within our own lifetime '' . There are so many unbelievably essential tactics described in this book that I ca n't do much justice to them in this review , but the reader needs to connect with Orwell 's cleverness and understand how important it is to Big Brother to control the language and rewrite the history , in fact , write the history before it even happens . This , the torture to get confessions , attacking an ally and blaming an enemy -LRB- false flag terrorism -RRB- is all here and Orwell wrote this masterpiece 60 years ago!This book , Nineteen Eighty-Four , is drawn from heavily in the book , Do n't Weep for Me , America
 This is an incredible book . I was very impressed with how well it is written and amazed that someone in the mid 40 's was able to come up with such futuristic ideas and almost shocked at how much of it pertains to the realities of life . I loved every word of it and was almost sad that it was over .
 Well , not exactly Animal Farm , but the same themes are pushed to their maximum logical end . Orwell writes of a government bent on controlling the people that obviously stems from a comunist base . his stark future is frighteningly belivable and his characters are human to a fault . they live fictiotuious lives to the best of their abilities . they are individuals in a see of conformity no matter what the goverment may say.The book makes the reader aware of any numerous ways that people can be controlled . After reading it , any action heard taken by the government becomes suspect . As good literature should , it demands the reader superimpose the book onto daily life and do all they can to prevent such a future .
 Many people that I have spoken to that have read this book have downplayed it 's genious and told me of it 's tediousness . When I chose this book for an Independent Reading Project in my English class , mostly out of spite and interest in the title , I was brought into a world of tolatanarist leadership and of a little man struggling to find himself.I 'll admit , the book itself is difficult reading , but at the same time is very descriptive and almost fortelling of an apocolyptic disaster . There is not one boring point throughout the entire book , and at every turn , someone is decieving someone else and the world is revolving again.I recommend this book to anyone who has the knowledge to comprehend stereo instructions but at the same time , fully understands them . This book is full of symbols and if you ca n't figure them out in the beginning , you will be lost at the end .
 I think that the book `` 1984 '' , written by George Orwell was a book that raised many questions . It was a book about a man fighting for his rights only to fine out he had to give in a bit . `` 1984 '' was a book that captured me into its story and I could n't stop reading . I highly recommend this book to someone looking for a challenge and a well written book !
 a dark anti-utopian book with under lying meanings about history in foreign countrys
 Orwell 's view of the world in 1984 is amazing , capturing thedeception and reality that exists around us . This foresight from the1950s into the future is great because its accuracy is undeniable . The life of Winston Smith , as well as his interaction with society , can be directly related to the current day.Winston unknowingly is under the watchful eye of Big Brother , who has telescreens and informants everywhere to note Winston 's actions . With today 's video cameras and listening devices , this fiction becomes reality . The Thought Police are comparable to communist governments and the media , trying to conform people to their standards and/or ideas . Love is also restricted , like the love Winston has for Julia . A person can no longer carry on a simple relationship without intervention from outside sources.The novel was truly ahead of its time , and may still hold true for future generations . The primary reason `` 1984 '' remains popular is because it can still be applied to the world today . Orwell has written a marvelous story of the past , present , and future , allowing us to all live the life of the oppressed Winston Smith and see reality for ourselves .
 1 -RRB- Read Erich Fromm 's afterward .2 -RRB- Do n't imply that 1984 was somehow meant to be a prediction for the state of the real world in 1984 . Even if that were the case , the fact that he was n't 100 % right does not need to be reiterated for the 8 billionth time .3 -RRB- Do n't reduce this complex and subtle masterpiece to a mere allegory for Stalinist totalitarianism .4 -RRB- If you do n't know that Orwell was a liberal with strong socialist leanings , read some of his other books and possibly a biography before thinking that all 1984 is about is damning communism or socialism .5 -RRB- If your review is shorter than three sentences , you 're probably not saying anything new , so do n't even bother .6 -RRB- If you just finished reading 1984 for your high school English class , please do not write a review . Wait until you 've gone through college , and read it again . -LRB- related to Rule 5 -RRB- 7 -RRB- Do n't call Orwell `` Eric Blair '' - as if you and he were old school chums . As a writer , he is George Orwell.Thank you . Following these rules , there would be about 50 reviews left and maybe a person would have time to read them all !
 Written in the late forties , Orwell 's 1984 is clearly a product of its time ; a time when the advent and eventual use of the atom bomb threatened the end of civilization . I admire Orwell for the amount of thought and imagination he must have put into the development of this book . It is an example of how a powerful imagination can teeter between extremes of pure optimism and , in this case , paranoia . In 1984 , Orwell 's vision of the future is grim
 After reading a few of the earlier reviews here I can see , sadly , that Big Brother is winning the war against the Individual and against Democracy . When seventeen year olds , `` DO N'T GET IT '' , it is clear that the propaganda and `` education '' that America and other `` slowly turning fascist '' nations are are being hypnotized with are hitting their mark and accomplishing their goals.Anyone who can read Orwell 's call to action and put it down with a yawn is already dead ! Their friends and family should bury them and shrug . Imagine channel surfing when Paul Revere announced that the Redcoats were coming ?! Orwell has made his announcement . It 's up to us to heed the call or be dominated and subjugated by a government no longer of , for or by `` the people '' but rather owned and operated by Big Money , Big Business and Big Brother .1984 has accurately predicted the state that we live in where we are being told by our ? own government that there are threats around every corner , so watch out . Be afraid ! Be very afraid ! BEWARE ! CONDITION ORANGE ! CONDITION RED ? THE TERRORISTS ARE COMING , THE TERRORISTS ARE COMING ! LOCK YOUR DOORS AND HOARD DUCT TAPE AND WATER.I am acutely aware that terrorism is a reality . It has been all through history . But how many times now have we been `` warned '' that a terrorist attack is being brewed ? How many times have we been put on `` CONDITION ORANGE '' ? But no attack follows and no follow up announcement that the `` imminent attack '' was prevented!Where are all these terrorists that planned these imminent attacks ? I would expect to see their faces on CNN every night.This is exactly Big Brother 's STRATEGY . It keeps people in a constant state of low level anxiety expecting a bomb to be dropped on our heads any second ! But no terrorist are found under our beds . Just what does it accomplish to announce these `` alerts '' via Big Brother 's Big Screen and color coded DANGER LEVEL lights?Does he expect citizens to do something about it ? Can citizens stop terrorism if we `` expect '' it to occur at any minute ? Are we being given guns to protect ourselves and metal detectors to check out the bags of the `` suspicious looking dark man '' next to us on the train?How does this work ? Just what does our `` National Homeland '' Czar expect us to do other than worry , kneel and grovel to the Big Brother in the sky?Are we taking classes or receiving instruction about how to identify and thwart terrorists and `` suspicious '' activity ? Or are we just being made anxious and paranoid in the obvious -LRB- at least to some of us -RRB- attempt to get the masses to empty their pockets of even more tax dollars and to give up our few remaining Democratic rights of a FREE COUNTRY ? So that Big Brother can `` better protect us ? '' Please!For the reviewers that ca n't understand this book I say
 This is the ` textbook ' of today 's Democratic party under the spotlight , where they declare the ` days of peace ' under the previous Administration , when in fact we were involved in far more conflicts across the globe than we are today as revealed in a recent report by a University of British Columbia research group . To Democrats , lies are truth and truth are lies . Conclusion
 interesting take on a dystopia future . Most people read this in high school and I was happy to re read this classic with a little more interest and gusto this time .
 I bought this for my wife as she really wanted to read this book . She loved the book and could hardly put it down . Just wish the price was a bit more affordable for a kindle book , but the convenience is really nice .
 Nineteen Eighty-FourBy George OrwellGeorge Orwell creates a world where the government has complete control and even thinking of something that `` Big Brother '' does not seem worthy is punishable by torture and or death . Big Brother has complete control of the citizens and alters the information people receive so that they blindly follow whatever is put forth to them . The main character , Winston Smith , dares to defy what he is being told and tries to rebel , unfortunately he lives in a society where you can not trust anyone and Big Brother is always watching you.This is definitely a thought provoking novel of blind faith , and the inner workings of the human psyche . What makes children turn on their own parents ? What would you do if you were not even allowed to enjoy intercourse ? These are just a couple of the questions that George Orwell brings to mind , I am not sure if we could ever truly know the answers to some of the questions that are posed in this novel and I hope we would never have to find out . It was an interesting book and I am glad I read it . George Orwell was able to capture such a frightening future so realistically some people have begun to believe this story may be prophetic , I myself see it as purely science fiction . This is truly a classic in every sense of the word and I believe it will stand the test of time to scare the daylights out of generations to come .
 My book club has selected `` The Orphan Master 's Son '' for next month . A friend suggested that this was based on `` 1984 '' and that I should read that again , so after 45 years I went back and discovered `` the more things change , the more they remain the same '' . I would not go as far as to say that The Son is too reliant on the work of Orwell , rather to me , it showed a view of what could happen when freedom of thought is held in the hands of a few.Both great books well worth the read and the re-read . Having them now as ebooks also allows a rapid comparison which was very useful . Fortunately , to me , the writing styles were very different and thus both held my attention to the end.The characters in 1984 showed less depth and detail , rather the book focused on the fractured society in which it was set . Quite unbelievable until you realise that `` The Son '' is based in and upon an actual country in today 's world.Having older books such as 1984 available so cheaply is another big advantage of ebooks and Amazon 's service.Neither book is for the faint hearted.Mick
 I found very amazing how contemporary so many concepts in this book are
 I had to read 1984 while I was in High School and I was really too young and sheltered to understand its meaning . As an adult I thought I would give it a second look so I ordered from Amazon via supplier . The book was in excellent condition and it arrived as projected . They even sent me a follow-up letter . Great customer service .
 great book , great presentation , first time i bought something for kindle . really please so far . looking forward to new titles and new features for kindle .
 ** spoilers kind of ** I forgot how odd the `` love story '' is . Almost campy at times , almost soap opera like . Yet it keeps you interested , makes the characters seem alive , and make you realize how difficult it must be . The best is after the ** SPOILER ** capture . You get lost in time just like the main character , that means great writing . If you have the same feelings and thoughts as the main character , you have been pulled in .
 I 'm not a big fan of fiction books but was trying to go back and read some classics this is a great read . You should also read Animal Farm its a quick read and has a great moral to the story .
 1984 is still as relevant today as it ever was - in fact probably more so as some of the things he wrote about actually came true . A must read !!!
 Great ! it has been awhile since I read this ... more dated than I remember . I still like the other ones best .
 If you think socialism , Marxism or even communism is the worst think that can happen then you must read this book . The U.N. wants to take this world right to a place that looks a lot like the world in this book . Do n't be naive , it 's already happening . Just read U.N. agenda 21 .
 Previously read the entire book in the mid-60 's ; now once again , and it speaks so clearly of our current no-party government . Big Brother is to be identified as the collective of multinational corporations and the ultra-wealthy control freaks . The pendulum is beginning to swing the other way !
 What a Story and the twist in the middle . Could n't put the book down and its extremely well written . Classic !
 I really ca n't give this novel any less than five stars . I read it every year and find something new , something often horrifyingly accurate in whatever political climate you 're in . READ IT !
 Chilling especially given how powerful the media has become in our current society . Orwell was brilliant , and in this book , he is able to identify the critical elements of a democratic society that we often just take for granted .
 This book is meant to be a classic , I liked it for the most part but I got to a place where I just got bored and stopped reading it ... it 's been MONTHS and I still have yet to finish .
 The book came in the mail in perfect condition . The 60th anniversary edition is a really nice look than the original and it is also less bulky than the original because the width of the book is longer than the normal version of 1984
 A gripping novel set in 1984 but really set in any day and time .
 As a 14-year old high-school freshman , I thoroughly enjoyed this book . It paints a beautifully tragic picture of what we could be doing to ourselves and to the world.HOWEVER , I am extremely angry at the man who compared 1984 to the Bush Administration . There are two problems with this argument . First of all , I am sorry to inform you that Democrats are closer to Socialists than Republicans are ! Secondly , Democrats are chock full of these conspiracy theories . Leave Orwell and the Bush Administration Seperate!P.S . Try Ann Coulter and Ayn Rand as follow-up reads . Being a Democrat is a phase , you 'll get over it .
 I have read this book so much , this is the third book I have purchased . I have worn out 2 other copies .
 I love distopian Novels dont you ??? The way the magick of the words float off the page and into your minds eye.Warning you that any or all of these distopian futures can occur.Depending on your quantum view point.Welcome to Room 101 Wilson says O'Brien ... I am not going to go into a full synopsis of the book . Thats just lame and a waste of time.Basically if you want to see a socialist agenda for world police state control . Or should i say the illuminati agenda.Then read this book ; i know i did when i used to be paranoid about the NWO.When i reread the book next time and maybe for the last time ; will i when i lift my head off the page be living in that world or imagining it ??? Every day ; i feel we are approching and reproching ourselves towards 1984 's police state and totalitarian ideals.In one way or another we should take a look at the stats . The earths resources are running out . A dictatorship may come about if techno-spirituality or spiro-technology does not come in first.Whether this police and Illuminati controlled state runs by Huxley ; Orwell or Mrs. Atwood . It looks ; sounds ; and feels to me very much like it will happen.I ; like you the reader will have to wait ...
 I was so inspired by this novel -LRB- as well as Orwell 's `` Animal Farm '' and other such Dystopia Sci-Fi Classics -RRB- that I took a further step by associating it with what 's going on in this country right now and might be and thus writing `` Amerikkka '' and `` Amerikkka Part Two '' in which America becomes Orwell 's all powerful `` Oceania '' and the U.S. Preisdent becomes Big Brother . And I add a flavor of Pop Culture into my take on dystopias as well to show that totalitarian regimes need not exist just within the setting of decaying industrial societies like Russia or poor Third World Nations like Cuba , but that they too are able exist in more lavishly posh and weathly settings as well.Bobby Ballistic , author
 have you read ? Its the book everyone is reading now . It shows what its like to live in a totalagrarian society like Nazi Germany or W. U.S.
 unfortunately . its seriously scary how close we are to this book becoming reality .
 It 's 13 now . Lonely . Dark . Without . Winston edits history at the Ministry of Truth . There must be something else . Julia - reluctant patron of Oceania . Para-military . Beautiful . They meet . Sex is illegal . Her role in society demands she adhere to taboo 's as lineated by the I nner Circle . She loves Winston and he loves her . What are these feelings ? All the wars . They submit to one anothers flesh desires and are caught by that ubiquitous Tele-Screen . The de-progamming begins . `` What is 2 +2 ? '' But it 's not 4 . It 's five . It 's 4 . It 's 5 . It 's 4 . It 's 5 . Months of torture produces the proper response . Beaten and now souless , they are allowed to re-enter society . They are very quiet . On a dusty table , in a bad coffee shop , Winston leaves a message
 I think Orwell spent 2 much time on developing his world and his own language -LRB- new-speak -RRB- and not enough time on the story and chartacters . This is quite a simple book and very stright-foreward . The characters seem unrealistic and not very likeable , but his world is amazing in it 's intricate structure . He planned out Oceania down to the very last detail , If only he had spent the same amount of time on the story and charactersthen This would have been a definite calssic , but as is , I still can not say I found it as amazing as the other reviewers . But this is a great introduction to literature , just do n't take it in a classroom setting as it kills the enjoyment of reading it
 A convincing tale of social oppression , forbidden emotions , and daring thoughts , Orwell pulls the reader into his fictitious futuristic world . His fantastic view on the year 1984 from his socialist based political opinion in 1949 is one of the most creative stories ever told . 1984 tells of the `` utopian '' society Oceana -LRB- present day England and the Americas -RRB- , in which productivity is forbidden and intelligent thinking is dangerous . In this super-power dominated by the Party and held back from progression by continuous war , Oceana 's leader Big Brother is always watching every move you make . The story follows the journey of Winston , a Party member that begins to have his own negative opinion on Ingsoc , or English socialism . The reader is absorbed in Winston 's life of dangerous individual thought , his forbidden affair , and his ever-evolving view on the oppressions of Big Brother . Perhaps this tale is so alarming and effective because Orwell 's ideas of this future society are not entirely impossible ...
 An absolute must read for young adults that are being seduced by repackaged Communist and Socialist idealism .
 One of the best novels ever . A must read . Review 's ca n't do it justice . Pick it up and start reading , the ending will knock your socks off .
 * '' George Orwell 's 1984 is a novel to set in a dystopian society . That is to say a society ruled by the few for the benefit of only themselves . The overwhelming majority of people in Orwell 's Oceania work for the ruling caste in every sense . The masses of the citizens in this dystopia also live their lives under the control of the rulers . Even the reproduction of human beings is done in a controlled environment in a scientific manner.Orwell 's Oceania is made up of the inner party -LRB- rulers -RRB- , outer party -LRB- workers -RRB- , and the Prols -LRB- isolated poor -RRB- . Winston , the main character , is a member of the outer party in Orwell 's dystopia . He works to maintain the society in which he lives while he despises it . Winston secretly wages a revolution in his mind until it can no longer be contained there . The problem is that in Oceania there is no place to rebel from or rebel to . Winston ends up falling into the hands of the state which attempts to fix him or cure him . Orwell leaves it up to the reader to decide whether the officials of Oceania have won and Winston has changed . -
 I read this book back in high school , thinking `` Well , it 's a classic . One of those books I SHOULD read . '' I was right . There are so many things I have not forgotten about this book , and given that it 's been that long ago , it 's amazing.I think that we all know how the story goes . Government censorship , Big Brother is douple plus un good . No books or writing . So on and so forth . Authoritarian , totalitarian , dictatorship . Not sure what exactly the government would fall under ; not a big government/history buff.This is one of those books I am truly happy to have read . There 's constant references to this in media , pop culture , etc. . It 's just an important piece of literature . I think every single person who cares about their own intelligence should read this book . You just HAVE TO ! Nuff said .
 I 've read excerpts here and there . I saw the movie years ago . But I never read the book until now ; the book is a monster . This is not a work of pure art or beauty , but it is a masterpiece of ideas and imagination . It is deliberate and powerful and still totally relevant . In a way it 's a political treatise disguised as a novel , and it will have you nodding your head as you consider the state of the world today - perpetual war , sophisticated systems of propaganda , distorted news , doublespeak , the surveillance state ... the list of parallels goes on and on.It is also a masterful novel , aside from the brilliance of Orwell 's ideas . When the telescreen `` surprised '' Winston and Julia , I almost fell out of my chair.Certainly not a fun read , it is grim and bleak and wretched . I have to wonder what possessed Orwell to conceive such a hellish world . But boy is it convincing . Some of the violence seems almost gratuitous , as if he was taking some perverse pleasure in it . But again it works so well .
 I 've always heard about this book . In my English classes the Sci-Fi geeks would do nothing but rave about it . At work , the conspiracy theorists use it as a jumping off platform . And , for me , it was a good read . I loved many of the powerful descriptions ; things like , '' ... and they would sit around the table looking at one another with extinct eyes , like ghost fading at cock crow . '' I do have to admit that I thought the book had its dull moments , and that other times I thought it was terrifyingly harsh . By the end , I found myself sort of lost in the things unsaid . And , finally , at the last sentence , I realized that the book that had taken me so long to read because of lack of time , was stunning . I finished in it the morning , and by that evening , I was reeling over Winston 's bullet . This is a book that I intend to read again . I hope that I am able to devote myself to it next time . One more note to myself
 The numerous references to this novel in pop culture make this a must read . In addition , the discussion in the afterword by Erich fromme was well informed added to the presence of this novel . I definitely recommend it .
 I 'm really glad I saw this book in my ma 's house and decided to grab it for a vacation . It was a great summer read and it kept me intrigued the whole time .
 It started off a bit slow as it laid the ground work but as it dived into the flashbacks and relationships of sorts it had me glued to the screen as I wanted to find out what happened next . You can clearly see a tortured soul in Winston as he tries to make sense of it all.The language of `` Newspeak '' can throw a person a bit but thankfully there is also a glossary to help you get through it . Overall this was an outstanding book that I would suggest to anyone they must read .
 I am really satisfied with my purchase . Everything went great . I ` ll recommend it to others .
 I read 1984 for summer reading and enjoyed it greatly . It 's a book that makes you think , and makes you excited TO think about everything going on . I was actually eager to write an essay and discuss the book once school started . There 's so much to this book.It 's a book where , at the end , there are more questions than solutions . Your head is left spinning . And yet , it could n't have believably ended in any other way . It 's frightening and intriguing.This book is great for conspiracy theorists , and anyone who likes great , thought-provoking literature .
 George Orwell 's classic , 1984 , was a fantastic read . It illustrates a world in which people are merely shells of themselves and only live to please their government in it 's hunger for power . The protagonist , Wilson , refuses to settle for that existence . He analyzes his surroundings and hates the all knowing , totalitarian government.Wilson struggles to live such a life . He must hide his thoughts and feelings from the Thought Police . As a reader you can sympathize with Wilson and his struggle . It is quite difficult to imagine living in such a controlled state where one ceases to be human to become another senseless drone . He is not allowed to show emotion . He is not allowed to love in this empire that runs on hate . To love is a crime in Oceana . On the other hand , members of the Party are forced to attend the daily Two Minutes hate that forces extreme nationalism into people 's thoughts and corrupts them to hate an invisible enemy.These practices that Wilson is subject to make the reader thankful for our world and hopeful that such an existence will not be the future of the human race . The novel exaggerates human behavior in a way that almost makes it seem as though this could be possible . George Orwell tries to convey a message of peace and togetherness through this harsh example of what may come to be . He urges the reader to prevent our world from being ruled by hateful warmongers . The moral of the story is to be aware of yourself and hold on to your humanity . Being your own person and showing compassion for your fellow man are the most important things you can do . Wilson is a great protagonist in that he desparately tries to maintain his humanity even in the face of extreme oppression and opposition .
 Read this book 40 years ago and find it very interesting in light of the events of today . George Orwell may have had the date wrong but the basic premise is spot on for today 's world of managed news , wars , big brother watching , global chaos , and the struggle for the human mind , that we see everyday in our politics . The competition for the mind in todays world is very destructive to our way of life .
 I enjoyed this novel so much ! I 'm still reading it but it is so engaging that I ca n't put it down . George Orwell was a great writer and he always had that vision of the future that was truly amazing . It is a sin not to read this novel !
 So much has been said and written about this novel that it would be difficult to come out with something new and original . surely it is a book that will be remembered in history because it is ever still so relevant . I would just say that if you like this book and the developpment of a dystopian government that controls everybody you should definitely read Democracy Society by John Christmas , different style but equally good
 This was my first time ordering 1984 , and figured it 'd be a drawn out and dry book considering when it was written . I was quite surprised when it kept my attention after the first few pages ; the parallels between what is in the book and what is going on today are unnerving . Read it and see what I mean . Read other reviews to get a better idea of the synopsis of this book .
 This book is great example of Hegel saying `` Government is God walking . '' Government controls every aspect of life in for the sake of protecting itself and its war making apparatus . This book invokes the dream state of left leaning ideologies National Socialism taken to its full extent . This book that shows the meaning of state is father and social services are mother .
 Orwell is one of the few writers who can effectively describe a future like the one in 1984 and still maintain a sense of reality while doing so . This is one of those books that everyone should read just for the sheer fact that it has so much depth and a huge base of messages to pull from that it can leave a reader thinking to himself for days about the meaning of symbols or plot points . As far as symbolism is concerned this book has some of the greatest ! The depth and dimension that Orwell is able to add using objects like a paperweight or even Wilson 's ulcers is remarkable . Mastery of the art of writing is reflected in author 's ability to turn the mundane into powerful tools which sub-textually say more about the story than perhaps whole chapters could.The plot of the story , in my opinion , moves pretty quickly . This can sometimes be a bad thing , but considering the length of the book and the way that Orwell handles it 1984 's plot is engaging and entertaining . The one complaint I have is the suddenness of a love plot that develops . It has always seemed to jump out of nowhere , although I know that it would be hard to develop it more fully and still keep the main story moving . The description of the setting is phenomenal throughout the book . It is very easy for the reader to picture the place that Orwell is trying to take you . The images of Big Brother , the monitors , and even the government buildings all help to drive in the point of the book , an action which is mirrored in the repetition of these objects in the book.The most blatant allusion that Orwell makes is to communism . Describing the working class as Proles brings to mind the Proletariat hero of Marx and Engels ' Communist Manifesto . In the Manifesto , the proletariat rises up out of frustration over broken promises and minimal compensation for their exploitation . The rebellion results in the capitalist system being over thrown by a united people and then establishing a society were all needs are met and where everyone is equal . This type of utopia seems like a logical desire from a working class that has been exploited and subjugated ; however , Orwell very delicately handles the situation of the Proles and leaves the reader free to interpret what may happen . All that we really get is that the Proles have been relocated to a specific area and kept there pretty exclusively . This means that the more educated live away from the uneducated , drunk , slum-living working class of 1984 . On a note of optimism Wilson notes that only the Proles , who are the majority of the population and ought to be the primary benefactors of `` the Party '' -LRB- which they clearly are not -RRB- , are capable of rebellion . By sheer force and numbers it is only in the Prole populace that a successful rebellion could ever really take place to over through Big Brother , however , without well educated people among this group of people could the rebellion ever come up or reach the broader whole of the populace ? It is those segments of a story that allow the reader to develop their own opinion that make a good story a great one . 1984 is a brilliant book not only because of its subject matter , symbolism , or depth but also because it is though provoking . The reading does n't end when you finish the book and that is the hallmark of a great piece of literature .
 I have heard the book 1984 mentioned many times in my life , and I finally decided to sit down and read what all the commotion was about . I must say that it certainly lives up to the widespread expectations . The author 's writing style , his talent in story-telling , the complexity of the characters , and the plot itself are remarkable . As you read the book , it gives you the feeling of seeing the scenes with your own eyes . The author describes each detail with such emotion , that you ca n't help but think you are watching a movie , rather than simply reading words on a page.The main character is Winston Smith and he represents the modern day , average man -LRB- even though it was written more than 50 years ago -RRB- . He presents questions and doubts that any one of us would have . As he goes through the journey of the book , things become confusing for him , and at points you are left confused as well . The author does such a great job at embodying the reader with Winston , that you try searching for the truth , just as Winston is . I found myself going back through the text , and searching for an answer that it is virtually impossible to find.The book leaves you with many questions , but you must understand that was the point of the author . You are Winston , and just as Winston is complicated , so are we . I must warn you that it is a disheartening tale , however it will definitely satisfy your thirst for a good read .
 It 's 1984 ! But not the 1984 you 'd expect . There are no headbands , hair bands , sex , drugs , rock and roll , or Regan . Instead there is Oceana , East-Asia , and Eurasia , and the only thing you have to yourself are your thoughts .1984 takes place in the post nuclear war society of Oceana . Where people are constantly under watch by the government .1984 is about one man 's struggle to thrive , in Oceana . His struggle against the government by joining a forbidden society and participating in a forbidden love affair . All in all 1984 is a philosophical revelation told in the form of a modern thriller . It is exciting yet still provokes philosophical thought . However sometimes the constant rants are not only superfluous but can appear unscientific . But all in all , 1984 by George Orwell is a well rounded novel.One interesting and rather exciting aspect the novel explores is the creation of new words in Gilead and destruction of obsolete words . Words like thoughtcrime and doublethink are created . These words are created for the government as a means to control the people . This thought provoking concept is one most people never examine.Even though the chapters are philosophical , some are hardly scientific . There are 10 pages in the middle of the novel dedicated to a giant rant , rather than any substantiated claims . The novel has several of these rants , and quite frankly , I get tired of them.But all in all , I would recommend this novel to everyone and in particular high school students . I like the fact that it is not only a thriller , but a novel that critiques the governments and societies that govern us.What I do n't like about it is the fact that sometimes it appears to be ranting without evidence.But all in all , I recommend everyone read 1984 .
 I had heard many great things about the works of George Orwell , particularly with regards to 1984 . As the brief description adequately puts it , this masterpiece is filled with almost &#34; dangerous &#34; ideologies , which are cleverly portrayed and frighteningly prophetic . I highly recommend this book to any person who has questioned authority .
 In the past I 've been reluctant to read 1984 because I thought it was `` good for me , '' like medicine . And the novel seems to have become very dear to one side of the political spectrum lately , the left , which enhanced my suspicion that 1984 was going to be a dreary exposition of an oppressed society not worth living in . I 'd also seen the British movie released in the year 1984 , which was good , but dreary , as I remembered it . But I sensed that there was something wrong with Michael Moore 's quote of Orwell in Fahrenheit 911 , which might mean that there was something wrong with our current embrace of Orwell , and that gave me the final push to read the book . To my everlasting gratitude , I found that 1984 is one of the most human novels I have ever read . It has a moving love story -LRB- which I had not remembered at all from the movie -RRB- , and it has more than enough challenges to all forms of politics , left and right . The book is especially challenging if you do not read it merely as a political commentary but also as an examination of the human soul , particularly your own . It is the kind of book that delves so unflinchingly with cruelty and evil that it 's hard to put down but also difficult to endure . It will leave you shattered ; a truly great work.The context of the novel was helpful to me when I did examine its politics . I wo n't give away the plot , but I will talk about the society Orwell lays out in the beginning of the book.Orwell wrote at a time when it seemed that communism was on the march everywhere . Eastern Europe , North Korea and China , the world 's most populous nation , had all recently fallen . The year after the publication of 1984 , communist nations invaded both Tibet and South Korea , though the latter was not conquered ; communism would not spread by full-scale invasion again until South Vietnam fell in 1975 , but in the meantime , socialist and Marxist revolution would continue to threaten everywhere . Orwell saw the incipient Cold War of his time , with good reason , as the kind of perpetual warfare that is described in 1984 . He felt that the democracies of the recently finished World War had not left behind their wartime command economies , and this was true in many ways ; he probably believed that they would remain that way if they seriously meant to embark on an arms race or war with the communist world . The U.S. had moved toward socialism with the New Deal , and after the war with Hitler it had become a kind of New Deal big brother to a ravaged world ; and Orwell wrote 1984 while living under a Labour government ; so if we try to judge his thoughts from his novel , he probably felt that an ongoing state of war would lead the countries of the West into the kind of dictatorship seen in Russia , one that was socialist in name , but that really betrayed the ideals of socialism . -LRB- Orwell considered himself a socialist but was critical of communism -RRB- . In that way , he saw England , the U.S. and Australia forming a society , Oceania , little different from Russia 's or China 's . The novel reports that atomic warfare occurred in the 1950s , and such a thing in real life might very well have produced suffering , privation , revolution and dictatorship throughout the world.So when the novel opens in the year 1984 , the West has essentially gone down the road of warfare , which has destroyed all the free elements of its societies , such as private life and free markets . Orwell was essentially criticizing the left for going down the road of communism and not genuine socialism , as he saw it.Yet it 's easy to find places where the novel challenges the right of today . For instance , Orwell 's description of doublethink seems to explain how Saddam Hussein 's government , openly built upon Stalin 's model , knew that the American army was approaching Baghdad in March 2003 , while describing the situation , in press conferences , as the exact opposite ; yet George Bush has had a similar tendency to speak about the situation in Iraq as if things are going just fine , when clearly they are not.Orwell says that in the world of tomorrow , the war is meant to be perpetual , and this does seem to indict both the Cold War and the war on terror . Michael Moore quotes 1984 on the concept of perpetual war , but the quote comes from the movie of 1984 , not the novel . The novel itself says that `` the object of the -LSB- perpetual -RSB- war is not to make or prevent conquests of territory . '' Fahrenheit 911 , and the movie of 1984 , both avoid this phrase , since American interventions in Korea , Vietnam , Afghanistan and Iraq do look like conquests of territory.Orwell writes in 1984 that the societies of the future do not ever try to conquer distant lands , and restrict themselves to lands on their borders , because contact with the enemy by millions of their own soldiers would run the risk of genuine , human contact with people described in wartime propaganda as brutes and animals -- and all this would reveal the lies of the Party . Orwell was right about totalitarian societies ; all have invaded nations on their own borders . They have killed tens of millions at home or close to home . The U.S. and Britain , by contrast , have exported both armies and peaceful civilians , and their press , to far-flung societies , often literally on the other side of the world.There is much here that the left could embrace , but much that challenges the left as well . 1984 does not seem either to challenge or support the right of today in the same degree ; it seems to me largely a book about the left , by a man of the left.As a critique of Western democracies , 1984 is very powerful , but I have read that Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World is even better .
 I have read many reviews that consider this book a `` warning '' and seem to think that this is the direction that American society is heading . Personally , I find it a little hard to believe that the American society that so treasures its freedom of thought and actions , as well as its privacy , could ever evolve into the society described in this book . I did , however , enjoy the book and would recommend it , but not as a `` warning '' . If anything , it would , perhaps , make the reader value his own freedom .
 This is a great book , I have to say . It 's not very long , but there 's alot in it . It an almost science-fiction , it was written about 1984 in the future . The government was completely in control of everyone 's life . So it gives a very interesting view of the world , something everyone should read . It wo n't take you long , but it 's necessary .
 This book hauntingly describes the danger of the totalitarianism . It 's sad that so many people nowadays try to change this nation into communist or socialism -LRB- same role , just different name -RRB- not really knowing the truth , just based on some political ideology that human history had repeatedly proved to be failed . In fact communism is the worst political system that ever presented on earth . Because of its brutality , I escaped from that regime . And I am happy to be in this country where human freedom is mostly respected , and protected . Communist lies saying every one shares equally
 Read NO PLACE TO HIDE by Robert O'HarrowCheck it out on www.muckraker.orgHey , folks , Big Brother has arrived Big Time !
 1984 is extremely influential on the way we as a society label each other and our government with names such as `` Big Brother '' Orwellian and such . These names like calling someone a Nazi allow us to appear to argue but actually allow us to dodge the real issues . This is fairly ironic considering the origin of such terms . Basically 1984 is set in London in the distopian future . Orwell wrote it in response to Stalin 's corrupting the ideals of Socialism . He was a socialist and so was really bothered by that failure.The plot to 1984 is n't so important as the setting . Basically the story follows Winston Smith . Smith harbors less than perfect views of his environment , for which he will one day be arrested regardless of his actions . Not loving the government -LRB- thought crime -RRB- is the only crime that is recognized . Hidden cameras and microphones are omnipresent in the city , included mandatory TVs which ca n't be turned off , only show a single government station and contain hidden cameras through which `` thought police '' may monitor what is in front of the TV at any time . Social interaction does n't exist , since that would be considered weird and therefore criminal.There are three classes of people in London
 The name of the book that I am reviewing is 1984 by George Orwell . I choose to give this book four stars.The reason that I give this book four stars is because it is an excellent written book that gives a scary future of what the people in the 1950 's thought the world was coming to . It follows the main character Winston Smith who is a member of the party of Oceania in a oligarchial world of three superpowers
 Orwell 's classic dystopian novel is an excellent read . I was forced to watch the movie as a sophomore in high school and was n't interested in it , nor was I old enough to really grasp the concepts . That has changed however . This book is enthralling to the point that it is hard to put down . Following Winston Smith in his life under the totalitarian regime of Oceania , 1984 weaves a scary and alarming story of what happens when government gets out of control . In today 's political environment , it is a shining example of what we , as citizens , need to be on the lookout for in the name of `` national security '' . The political propaganda used by Big Brother is quite relevant to that which our own political parties push on us during elections -LRB- obviously to a lesser degree -RRB- .
 1984 is a book that can be talked about for hours and hours . This book compells the mind to think about where society is heading . It is amazing to find the many similarities between this book and today . Although 1984 is an exageration of reality , it still hold a certain significance.The book follows a man named Winston , who is a man that works inside the government that . Winston is a smart man that knows how things run and knows what is going on , but this knowledge puts him in danger , for `` Big Brother is watching `` 1984 is one of my favorite books because of how hard it makes you think and the many different ways you can think about it .
 A true classic that transcends the boundaries of time , generation , global power distribution , and world culture.With every passing day its pinch is more real . Everytime Fox News does Big Brother speak to control my thoughts while I watch my projection tv , everytime I hear Pink Floyd 's Another Brick in the Wall , everytime a non-lobbying blogger is incarcerated , and everytime a new country in the world is branded a regime or evil based on Big Brother 's agenda ; I think about this book , and my heart skips a beat.What 's interesting is that futurists of our era , who have written great classics with dated titles such as 1984 -LRB- also . 2001
 With American politics trying to become big brother this classic tale of a bleak future looks more and more spot on . Regardless of your political leanings this cautionary story will help you reevaluate what could be in store for this world .
 1984 tells the story about what the writer George Orwell thought the world would look like in 1984 if Hitler and Stalin would have seen the victory together in the 2nd world war . Orwell projects a totalitary and brutal world . The world has become a totalitary nightmare . The government and its leader Big Brother control their citizens with an iron fist and a heart of steel . Everybody is being watched every second of the day were ever they might be.The main character of the book , Winston Smith , has felt a feeling in the back of his mind his whole life . He has always felt that something is wrong , there is something in his society is not the way Big Brother claims.On a deeper level 1984 is not about a single person , it 's about a society , a dictatorship more totalitarian then anyone might have imagined . 1984 is one of our times most discussed and quoted books . How come ? First of all it 's a brilliant descriptions of the hitting similarities between fascism and communism even thought the ideas are different the product those ideologies being with them are always dictatorship and oppression.Up until 1984 there was a saying all over the world . When a state or government did something to control or supervise citizens people said `` This is like 1984 '' , it became a expression.In my opinion 1984 is one of the best books ever , mostly for its extremely hitting critic towards society . Certainly the book is written in a past time , but still it tells us something about today society . George ORwells nightmare during the forties is alarmingly much like the world today.Even if you look past the society critic , 1984 is still a very good book . Orwell is in my opinion a master when it comes to describing environments and persons . The half sci-fi environment feels as realistic as anything I have ever read.At last , some words of wisdom . George Orwell have been quoted many times , this is one of his more famous quotes from 1984 , think about it fore a moment . '' - Political language - and with variations this is true of all political parties , from Conservatives to Anarchists - is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable , and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind . '' . / Jakobs Erik DanielssonGagnef , Sweden
 Orwell 's tale of a society where not only behaviour , but also thought is controlled , seems to grow ever more relevant as the years pass and new technologies of surveillance emerge . 1984 's concept of ` Big Brother ' has passed into everyday use , and the ` telescreens ' used not just to broadcast , but to watch people , increasingly appear throughout the real-world society in the form of surveillance cameras . Whilst the totalitarian governments of ` Oceania , Eastasia and Eurasia ' depicted by Orwell may seem to have passed -LRB- in the majority -RRB- , his general sense of helplessness , as expressed through both the protagonist Winston , and the oppressive atmosphere , is as relevant today as during the years of the Cold War . A timeless and enduring tale that will remain relevant and controversial well into the future , despite being set in the past .
 Written in 1948 , George Orwell saw the trends in society that he felt would lead to an over-bearing government who traps the minds and lives of all of its citizens in the near future of 1984 . Orwell switched 1948 to 1984 , but his future society is an eerily accurate portrayal of the future that is more 2006 than he could ever really have feared.In 1984 , there was a lackluster film of the same name that tried to capture the paranoia and the futuristic evil society . The film failed , but Monty Python alum Terry Gilliam fortunately brought us his brilliant version in his 1985 film `` Brazil '' , which was originally titled `` 1984 and 1/2 '' . The story is the same premise as Orwell 's 1984 , and is a must see for those who enjoy the book.I also recommend the equally inspired book/film combinations of Kurt Vonnegut 's `` Slaughterhouse Five '' and `` A Clockwork Orange '' by Anthony Burgess . These movies are just as powerful as the books . But by no mean should you miss out on reading the books in favour of the films !
 Many readers will love the way that Orwell is able to paint a vivid if bleak picture of the futre of London . In this masterpiece of dystopian literature , you will find yourself questioning everything that happens in the book . From the perceived reality to the altered history , it is difficult to tell what is real and what is planned . This is also the brilliance of the book since you are able to feel as Winston does , never quite sure what the Truth is . For those that are fans of dystopian lit and even casual readers , 1984 will grip you from the beginning until the ultimate end .
 There is nothing that I can add to the cacaphony of praise and reverance for this book . I wo n't really try , other than to say that it seems to me that the story in 1984 is so compelling and the scenary and mood are so masterfully described that I think that the reader can miss the fact that this is -LRB- a -RRB- fiction and -LRB- b -RRB- it is fiction written so well that you almost forget about the writing and enter the world itself . As a piece of creative art , this is extremely well done . I 'll add a little to the chorus that 1984 describes a world -LRB- or at least a political unit -RRB- that could exist and has and does exist to some extent on Earth . It 's not America - otherwise we 'd be arrested for participating in this forum ; but it does bear clear resemblance to the Communist regimes that arouse in Orwell 's day . Of course , those regimes were too heavy to support themselves for long . Perhaps that is the ` unbelievable ' part of 1984 , that a totalitarian regime has the stamina and resources to so control it 's subjects that even the past can be erased and every single citizen can be monitored inside and out - and individually tortured and reprogrammed as needed.I am not an Orwell student , but it seems to me that Orwell may have had a personal struggle with grasping the concepts of reality and truth . The thread that runs through 1984 is the control of the Party over history and thus over reality . We see Winston Smith broken down to believe that things he saw and knew in fact never really happened , and that , if he was told so , that 2 plus 2 equals 5 . Orwell takes Smith to a nightmarish place where the only thing that you can really know for certain is the thing that is right in front of your face , and even then you may be mistaken . Caeser and Charlemagne and the lack of hot water in your shower and the misery in your mind are not really there unless the Party says so - and how can you say otherwise ? I suspect that Orwell dwelt in a place a little like that . What did he struggle with ? Ethics ? Economics ? God?Anyway , great story , beautiful descriptive fiction , and thought-provoking premises . Add to that the gifts to our cultural lexicon of `` thoughtcrime '' and `` Big Brother '' and `` Newspeak '' and even the title itself -LRB- a year now more than two decades in the past -RRB- , and you 've got yourself a classic that must be read .
 Fast shiping , the item arrived as described . Different cover though , but it 's alright.I have not started the book yet , but I have heard that it was a great book
 If you believe our world is going to turn out like this in the future , we 're in for BIG TROUBLE ! book is excellent and shiped fast
 This is yet another book that is difficult to put down . There are a few sections that you have to trudge through but it is entirely worth it . This is a very thought provoking novel and is beautifully written .
 1984 has come and left , some may say that this book has lost its importance after the collapse of communism . I think that if we want to keep our freedom than we need to pay attention to the politicians we elect and the agencies that they are suppose to regulate . The important point about 1984 is that if you do n't pay attention 1984 can always become a reality . Need to listen to some of the people running for the top spot in this country and you can see them building their own ministry of truth.R HemingwayPast Twilight
 This book had its ups and downs . But it finished strong.I was mildly interested in Orwell 's dystopian society . My interest waned until Julia , Winston 's love-interest , is introduced . I almost put the book down when Winston reads ` The Book ' . In fact , I did n't bother speed-reading through it but literally skipped several pages . These pages pulled me out of the story but just as soon as it was over -LRB- many pages later -RRB- it jumped right back without missing a beat.I 'm not often interested in long narrative . Give me the bare facts and let 's get on with the story . But Orwell does such a wonderful job of scene-building that I frequently relished his descriptions of rooms , weather and personal effects . I felt the bone-chilling winter , the guilt , the longing . The suffering.But most of all , it was the ending . Like Animal Farm , I was impacted by the story long after I finished . His portrayal of the systematic breakdown of a human being , the stripping of a soul and the remolding of a mind , is chilling to the very last line.After all , 2 + 2 = 5 .
 I read 1984 and LOVED all of it . -LRB- except the ending was a not really what i would have liked to happen -RRB- Its a great book , definitely one that everyone should read in their lifetime . Orwell is an amazing writer . 1984 is one of my favorite books .
 1984 , is a book every high school student should read -- it is compelling and truthful about what can happen when the government is not kept in check by its citizens . Another novel , which is newer , yet fascinating , The Gateway by Castleberry , should also be read -- not just by highschool students , but by anyone who appreciates our history and wants to go back in time and visit their great-grandparents . Castleberry 's , The Gateway , has received only the Highest ratings and reviews on Amazon.com for its realistic blend of physics , rural American history in the late 1800 's and its extremely haunting message at the end of the book .
 If you read Nineteen Eighty-Four trying to see where the author or right or wrong about the future , it will be disappointing -- as most books of this kind are . Obviously , the book was written in a whole different political context . However , if you go past all that you 'll see that the book is really about the human nature -- our way of keeping all this contrary to our interests under surveillance , then control , and perhaps our tendency to eliminate them . I liked the book very much .
 Winston Smith is a pitiful lead character , yet we doubtlessly empathize with him and feel his infinite despair . His destitute disenfranchisement from any semblance of normality is not only shocking and frightening , it is downright abominable . I would hate to spoil this ingenious book for anyone , so I will refrain from dissecting the ending . However , I must say that it did leave an immensely pungent taste in my mouth - as is intended .1984 is as potent as it is mesmerizing . It is infinitely unique as there is no other book quite like it , albeit Brave New World is strikingly similar . Two Minutes of Hate is classic . Who can not appreciate the ThoughtPolice , DoubleTalk , DoubleSpeak , and the many other Orwellian words that have been firmly implanted in the English language ? 1984 could very well be the most profoundly provocative work of the 20th Century . 1984 projects an appalling , yet veritable premonition in lieu of our continually decreasing civil liberties . Highly recommended by this humble reviewer . Enjoy .
 The power of Orwell 's writing comes from the ideas expressed therein , not from the characterization or the quality of the writing . Orwell 's characters in this novel are crafted of the finest cardboard , the writing is crafted of the finest of didactic lead , but the ideas therein are important -- because they are prophetic of what 2004 could be , and what 2003 may be becoming , if the current leadership of our country has its way .
 If you read one book in your life this one should be it . I read this back in the 7th grade -LRB- I am in college now -RRB- and I can not say how much I appreciated this book . From the expansive sci-fi in it to the vocabulary words to represent the society ... this is a work of art.If you have n't read this book ... read it . If you have read this book , then read it again .
 1984 has some of the most powerful images of totalitarian authority and lasting depictions of a world devoid of moral structure -- of any work from the 20th century . Yet , the greatest contribution of Orwell to our present day is his critique of language and it 's effects via his fiction.As O'Brian says to Winston `` You 're not very good at metaphysics . '' If you want to understand the philosophical ramifications of relativism this book is a great place to start or , if you read it in a literature class a while ago and currently have an interest in ethology , deontology , aretology , moral philosophy and ontology , a must read - again.Morality can only be viewed as a positive , yet even now our language has begun to be distorted by subjective interpretations of our words . Example
 Walter Cronkite said that this story has . . `` a power that seems to grow rather than lessen with the passage of time . `` This story is even more relevant today than it ever was . If you want to understand today 's events and where we might be going - READ THIS BOOK ! Any thinking person will see the relevance , all of those less cerebral should still take the time and either read or listen to the audio verion of this story.I simply can not emphasize enough how vital a part of your personal library this book should become .
 Big Brother is watching and I do n't mean the reality tv series . This book is not only an interesting read , it also holds a deeper meaning . It is a window through which the possible dangers of communism/socialism in the extreme can be viewed . A comparison can also be made to Plato 's idea of a utopia.This book makes one question the validity of our own past and reality as we know it .
 I will start off by saying that if you have not read George Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' then you have missed out on one of the true masterpieces of English literature . The ideas presented here have become so essential a part of Western society that phrases such as `` Big Brother is watching '' and `` Orwellian doublethink '' have become forever incorporated into our vocabulary . `` 1984 '' is above all a commentary on the social and very human forces that drive authoritarianism . At every step the role of human nature , a nature which is at times so independent and yet at other times obedient , is explored in multiple facets . What motivates us as social beings ? What creates the need for control ? How do we , beings whose ultimate love and need is freedom , become acquiescent in authoritarian governments ? Orwell answers all of these questions with amazing clarity and directness . He convinces us with his powerful vision of the `` future '' that human fragility and human strength are two sides of the same coin . Without one the other can not exist.The issues raised in `` 1984 '' are extremely valid today . In the terrible aftermath of September 11th , Americans , as lovers and upholders of liberty , have been eager to protect these most valued keepsakes . Yet this protection comes at the expense of freedom , the ultimate goal , with greater government surveillance and control over the lives of innocents . Thus we face the classic dilemma of `` 1984 , '' as puzzling a problem today as it was then . All we can hope is that as individuals we do not face the same fate as the protagonist , whom we last see proclaiming his love for Big Brother .
 Wow is the first phrase that came to my mind after finishing this book . It is one of the best I have ever read and certainly my favorite read over the last year . I am sure everyone knows the plot by now so I will not rehash . But I knew the general plot beforehand i.e. `` Big Brother '' and the thought police , and I was STILL overwhelmed by 1984 . Orwell 's writing makes you keep coming back for more , always eager to find out how the current situation will turn out , and what will happen next . Besides the sketch of a tyrannical government using mass propaganda to literally brainwash its citizens , Orwell also shows how powerless the ordinary citizen becomes , how much trouble must be gone through to engage in illegal conduct , and how brutal the aftermath of getting caught is . And the love story , which I expected to be the weakest part of the book , is actually fascinating and heartbreaking . A Must-Read if there ever was one !
 No matter what happens in the world this book continues to provide us with warnings . With the coming of Homeland Security we should be ever watchful that the small liberties we enjoy are n't taken away . Orwell writes of a world in which the masses have been deemed weak and harmless , while the intellegent have been brainwashed and those that are n't are vaporized.With the government asking our country 's truckers , toll booth collectors , garbagemen , etc , to bascially spy on the population and report any out of the ordinary occurrences this book once again proves how on the money Orwell was .
 `` Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four . `` In the world depicted in this powerful novel , the use of logic is prohibited . Citizens are required to follow the Party 's ideas , believe the Party 's lies , hate the Party 's enemies , rejoice at the Party 's victories . If the Party contradicts itself -LRB- which is common -RRB- , the members are forbidden to ask questions , but to follow blindly , as sheep led to slaughter . Big Brother perfected what the Communists only dreamed of -- absolute obedience , total loyalty to a cruel master . Even simple human emotions are discouraged.What a perfect setting for a love story ! Of course , there is romance entwined into the precise fibers of 1984 , but the novel is not a love story . It 's a society story , a political story . A story of human existence , if you will . This is a story about an eternal food chain . Though Winston 's story is not the message , one grows to love him for endeavors to understand his twisted world.I read this book after hearing about it for many years . People will hear of it for many years to come , no doubt . The main message of the novel leaves the reader reeling , suddenly needing some time to reflect . Questions arise in the reader 's mind
 A frightening look at what might have happened at the end of World War II , `` 1984 '' provides a fascinating look at a fictional society that is the PERFECT dictatorship . The Party is all-knowing , its citizens under complete control , and the truth is subject to the party 's wishes . It would be impossible to overthrow the Party . A very disturbing book .
 This book is skillfully written , intrusting , and entertaining . It is not a difficult read , but is not oversimplified in its language , and despite being written in 1949 the story and language do not seam dated -LRB- this , I consider it worth noting is the opinion of a high school student , who read this book voluntarily , rather than for school . -RRB- The books image of life in a society , that is an example of a communist society as it is most commonly perceived , though is certainly not a society that follows the equality based principals of communism -LRB- no ` communist ' nation ever has -RRB- . The story , in summery , is definitely worth reading , and I would recommend it to anyone over the age of 14 . -LRB- Worth is that I read , and liked , Animal farm , though I do not consider it to be nearly so good a book as 1984 . I would recommend that to anyone as young as 12 , due to the simplicity of its language .
 1984 is the best book I have ever read . The storyline is supurb ; there is suspence , pleasure and even horrer . Although you may not expect it , 1984 is quite scary and it plays with your mind . It gets you thinking things like ; `` what if the world was like this . '' and `` How horrible it must be to live like that . '' at the end it made me want to cry , shout and screem all at the same time . I have made everyone in my class read it and I give you some advise - READ 1984 ; THE BEST BOOK EVER !
 Winston Smith is a normal person in 1984 . Constantly being monotored by a telescreen , he can not do anything against the government , or the thought police will arrest him . His little hidden betrayals to the Party soon transform into a conspiracy . He knows inside him some day he will be caught and killed . Winston knows the Party is wrong , but can not prove it . Maybe he is wrong , and the Party is right ? The book is wonderful , and could very well open your eyes to what the government could be doing behind our backs . Winston is led to believe that he has a memory disorder that causes him to believe events that never happened have happened . The reader is led to believe that Winston is right , and is perfectly sane . Some slogans that seem to be oxymorons make perfect sense . `` WAR IS PEACE '' `` FREEDOM IS SLAVERY '' and `` IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH '' are a few . This book will have a very big impact on you , and your view of the world .
 reading this book was n't a lot of fun , but it was good for me . It 's a classic for a reason , and should be required reading not necessarily for high school students , but at least for frosh/soph college students . The scenario is extreme and highly unlikely , but serves as a good and fair warning from an age when totalitarianism was a frighteningly real threat to humanity . If you have n't read it , pick up a copy - it 's cheap , and it 'll do you good .
 1984 was one of the best and most thought provoking books I have ever read . Is it just a matter of time before the Thought Police come for me or you . Maybe one days opinion pages like this can be used to convict me . Think about how much computers know and continue to learn about you everyday . How many cookies are in your computer . BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU !
 Many people will tell you about how it focuses us on warnings of totalitarianism and communism and the like . But you know , sometimes a book is just a book and there is no hidden meaning . Winston loves Julia and Julia loves Winston . I hate it when teachers and `` experts '' try to get you to see the `` meaning '' behind the book . What if it 's just a fictional story about a man who lives in a future world where people live in fear of being found out and he falls in love with a woman ? I wo n't give away the ending . I only gave it 4 stars because some parts of the book are a bit tedious ... especially when Orwell -LRB- Blair -RRB- begins to tell you things that you know you read not 30 pages earlier . Just remember it 's a love story ... and a good one at that .
 The book is not only well written but , in my opinion , an accurate picture of where the world is headed . Although parts may get a bit confusing , if you plow through those parts it all makes sense in the end . A bold and daring novel written as fiction but parts may be frighteningly real when you look around you at our current society . I recommend it to everyone but specifically those who are either paranoid or totally detest the way our society behaves .
 The book was scary ! It woke me up about the governments absolute power . It is a scary , story about the geovernment controlling its entire population . Telescreens follow and record every movement , speaking to you if you are doing something wrong . It will scare you every word you read . I would recomend reading it , if you would like nightmares , about the government controlling you . Every foot step , `` Big Brother is Watching You '' . WAR IS PEACE , FEEDOM IS SLAVERY , IGNORANCE IS STRENGH . The thought police enforce the crimes that Big Brother makes . If you are involved in a thought crime , you will first disappear from the population , and you will never be heard of again . They government brings you to their jail , and it involves severe gang beatings , and tortures . Everybody works for the government , but their job descriptions are faint . On what exactly the do , Winston -LRB- main character -RRB- gets a list of names , and is told to delete them off the computer , but he does not know what for . He deletes everyones name and erases their past . The beginning gets off to a slow start , but it is well worth the ending . It wraps the whole book up . Giving the total image of the governments power .
 George Orwell 's classic `` 1984 '' is thought proviking and has not lost any relevance since the collapse of the Soviet Union . When the book was written , people were just learning about the pros and cons of Communism -LRB- I 'm not going to make any political statements in this review . -RRB- Arguably , the book reached its prime in the cold war era , but it still as relevant as Orwell 's other essays such as `` Shooting an Elephant '' , which , athough it dealt with British imperialism , is still very relevant when applied to other reigons of the world . The protagonist in this story shows the futility of rebelling against a totalitarian state when advanced to this level . I thought that the story makes a strong point even though the events in the story are not probable to occour in the near future . I personally am a big fan of negative utopias -LRB- `` We '' by Zamyatin is very good , do n't waste your time with `` Brave New World '' by Huxley -RRB- because they show the human 's primal desire to live and be free in a very raw manner . The policy of never creating martyrs for opposition really struck a chord within me . I have read this book at least five times and have come to appreciate it greatly . It probably is my favorite book , second only to The Brothers Karmozov .
 If we will not defend love and truth , this stuff book writes about can really happen . We are defenders ! World is becoming darker and darker . It 's up to us , to make good . Stop the mad politics , who kill people , and think , they are doing the right thing ! Book is very good , everybody should read it , and also must understand what it means . MY father grew up in communist state , and they were teached in school , that this book is a NACI book ?
 1984 was a brilliant work of literature that should still be studied today . The issues presented in the story affect all nations and all people around the world . It makes you realize how influenced and manipulated people can get because of a dictating government . I recommend this book to anyone and everyone because it is important that we know about what could happen if we let the government take things too far . Also , there is a love story involved in the book , which holds your attention well . A book like 1984 helps to remind you not to take things for granted , because once you read about what Winston and his people go through , you realize you probably have it so much better .
 Most certainly a must read.This book shows how the government can easily take control of its power , and use it against the ordinary people . They control your memories.A must read for any conspriracy theorist , or just about anyone else.Big Brother is watching .
 What can I say about this book that has not been said many times by people that are way more respected than me . This is a look at psychology as well as polotics . This novel reveals the strenghts ' of human spirit as well as the weakness ' of the human mind . Orwell wrote this book as a warning . Educate yourself , read this book .
 personally i beleive every individual percieves reality differently from that of another ; according to how society perceves them . Here Mr. Orwell clearly provides the ideologies of one man and how it relates to others/it 's society . in all actuality no one is right nor wrong , they simply comply or not to that of one persons individualistical thought which has spread-out . `` I.E. is censorship ok in our society ? ''
 If you have not read this , I strongly recommend it ... ESPECIALLY if you are like me , and somehow `` escaped '' having this assigned to you either in high school or in college , but have always wondered what the hype was all about.Too many times today , you will hear this book discarded as a bunch of prophesies that were way off -- e.g. , that in the year 1984 there would be computers and `` telescreens '' that would all but read our minds ; that `` Big Brother '' would always be watching us . Many , I 'm sure , feel that since this is NOT the case today , that Orwell and his book were / are a wast of time.As for me , the more I read this , the more I see how the overall concept of `` Big Brother '' -- i.e. , how information is `` cleansed '' to `` protect '' us ; how we are teaching technology itself to out-smart , or at least , stay one step ahead of us -- IS , in fact , all-too-real in our lives today!In any case , very intriguing !
 `` 1984 '' is a classic novel that centralizes around the theme of what happens when human civilization has lost its innate , human qualities and is predestined to have its individuality debased even more . The author , George Orwell , conveys this throughout the context of the book by showing that the government controls virtually every aspect of human life . The main character is Winston Smith , and he is a slightly rebellious and wondering adult who questions the validity of past events and the overall value of human life.On a scale of one to ten , I would probably rate the book an `` eight '' because it is a very captivating novel to explore the depths of human thought and fictionalized imagination . However , the concepts are slightly difficult to comprehend , so a person who understands the concepts of utopia would really understand the plot . I would recommend this novel to people who enjoy reading other pieces of literature by George Orwell -LRB- such as `` Animal Farm '' and the essay `` Shooting an Elephant '' -RRB- because it is yet another book Orwell probes the concepts and ideas of civilization and government , and the results of corruption . I must mention that Orwell uses a direct and rebellious tone , as the plot is in perspective to the third person point of view of Winston Smith . He uses interesting diction as Orwell assumes that the reader knows the order of society in `` 1984 . '' It also contains a lot of detail and imagery as he continuously describes the atmosphere of futuristic society .
 I first read this book when I was only 17 or 18 . I was very impressed with it then and continue to be so now that I am in my early 30s . I can not remember how many people I have suggested this book to but ... I will continue to recomend it . 1984 opened my eyes to a thing that most choose to ignore . Way before its time , 1984 will continue to facinate readers for years to come .
 There are many works where the story is the content . These books are usually for entertainment . This book uses the story to deliver its content . It uses the story to illustrate some awsome philosophical ideas . By presenting the ideas in a story they are easier to understand and they are more entertaining.I could not put the book down as I got towards the end . This is the only book I have ever read that has given me the shakes .
 Thankfully in the year I was born which was 1984 , the world was n't exactly like it was in the novel.What makes 1984 important to the modern reader is several things.First is the fact that culturally its an incredibly relavent book . Most people have today heard terms like `` How 1984 '' , `` Orwellian '' , or even `` doublethink '' , in the modern vocab . Hell , even Radiohead did a song called 2 +2 = 5 . The reader , particularly the young one trying to grasp a sense of history , in the sense of the progression of modern thought , will find this book very important.That relates to the 2nd reason why you need 1984 , not only is it culturally relavent in its influence and often referenced nature . But it is one of those books that have shaped the way that we think , particularly in the free market west , and has helped give us moral justification in avoiding what becomes the excessive totaltarian nature of many collectivist style government . Perhaps in Orwell 's mind he may of been more successful then he orginally planed to be in his warning , as he was a english socialist , and was deathly afraid of what he had seen happen with Stalin in Russia.As a story , 1984 is a well thought out and griping story . The intergration of idea 's , action , depth , and even a great deal of dark satire blend together well.Although it is a good idea if one does have at least a decent understanding of Marxism before approaching it , as i 've seen younger people in my generation approach the novel without the understanding of Marx and walk away with little more comprehension of the tale 's warnings then they could.Overall however , one of the few books everyone in our culture should at least attempt to read .
 one of the best books i 've ever read . makes you think about what is true and what is n't . though written in the 50 's i believe , the concept can be applied to the present and the future .
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston smith1984
 This book was great but made me so afraid for the future . The book was written sometime in the 40s or 50s and takes place in England in 1984 . In this futuristic world Big Brother is the boss and everything he says is right even if he 's wrong . Everyone is under constant surveillance and history can be erased or changed at Big Brother 's whim.The form of government in this book is similar to that of any tyrant totalitarian . What happens in this book is something that I believe could happen to society if we let the government obtain too much power over the people . It really gave me a new perspective on just how easily things can change in the world . Overall I was really nervous for the future of the world , but I could n't put the book down . It is really well written and it kept me guessing until the end.I felt really badly for the two main characters . I could n't even imagine what I would do in their situation . This was a great book . I love it . This is a must read for everyone .
 This book was amazing ! I 've never read anything like it , not even other Orwell . After this I read every book and paper he 'd ever published . An ominous vision of his future and our present .
 I recommend 1984 because it was a great book for people who pay attention to the government and its happenings . Its not only politics its has a hint of a love story , but its mostly about the control of the government in a totalitarian society . It was really interesting how it gave a look at the life of somebody in that kind of society where you have no freedom or choices . 1984 makes you want to know whats happening in government more . It was also fun to see what he thought 1984 would be like because 1984 was nothing like it.The book i believe would to be too hard from anything below 6th grade , a slight challenge for middle schoolers and a perfect level for mid highschool any older or wiser it would be a great quick read .
 This book is incredible . So he wrote this book in like 1950 's I believe ? and hes writing about 1984 . . about the future . . and he was right . . he does an amazing job writing about how the government controls the people . . about how the government uses propaganda , how the government watches the people , listens to the people . . this book is good if you care about the world . this book is good if you are aware of propaganda and how people are fooled by it . this book is good if you are someone who does n't want to be controlled or fooled.kindof like the way we are today sadly . .
 Katelyn Bollow Hour :4 Book Project1984 was one of the best books I have ever read . The main character , Winston , goes through a series of events . First he gets a little green book that he writes nasty things in . He goes on through life watching this girl who seems suspucious . She gives him a note that says
 `` 1984 '' has made an impressive impact on literature , as well as society in general . It is a classic of the dystopian -LRB- or `` Negative Utopia '' -RRB- genre . Though it was written in 1949 , and the real year 1984 has already passed , the totalitarian society of the future George Orwell describes is remarkably believable and seems more possible than ever.The world of `` 1984 '' is much different than our present world ; the territories are now divided into Oceania -LRB- which includes Great Britain and the Americas -RRB- , Eurasia -LRB- includes the Soviet Union -RRB- , and Eastasia -LRB- includes China , Japan , and Korea -RRB- . These three powers are engaged in perpetual war , in which alliances are constantly formed and split . The governments of each of the three `` superstates '' has an enormous amount of control over the citizens and media . `` Big Brother '' , ruler of Oceania , is seen as an omnipotent , infallible leader . The departments of Oceanian government are the Ministry of Peace -LRB- concerned with war -RRB- , the Ministry of Plenty -LRB- concerned with rations of food and other goods -RRB- , the Ministry of Love -LRB- concerned with the arrest and torture of those opposing the government -RRB- , and the Ministry of Truth . The Ministry of Truth is perhaps the most influential of the four , as it is concerned with spreading propaganda of the Party -LRB- the only political group allowed in Oceania -RRB- . The government places `` telescreens '' in most of the citizens ' homes and various public places , which are generally unable to be turned off . These telescreens continuously provide information about government affairs . They can also be used as monitors for the government to observe what citizens are doing inside of their homes at any given time.The book centers around the protagonist , Winston Smith , a citizen of London , in Oceania . He is employed in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth , where he alters recent and historical articles and documents to coincide with what the Party desires to be represented as absolute fact . He finds his work challenging and interesting , but starts to increasingly wonder about the real facts that are hidden in the past and deeply questions `` Ingsoc '' -LRB- the form of English Socialism in Oceania 's government -RRB- . Winston begins keeping a journal of his thoughts about life and government , sitting at a place in his house away from his telescreen so he ca n't be watched . This is just one small part of a chain of events that leads him to become increasingly evasive and defiant of the Party , trying to keep out of the government 's watch.Winston becomes romantically involved with a girl named Julia , who also detests the government 's restrictions and lies . Winston and Julia try to sneak away to places free from government surveillance as often as they can , so they can be together . Winston hears rumors of a `` Brotherhood '' , a group secretly working to disobey , and perhaps eventually overthrow , the Party . He constantly searches for evidence that such a group really does exist and that there may be hope for a revolution after all.Orwell takes important details into consideration to make this society seem real , particularly `` Newspeak '' . Newspeak is regarded as Oceania 's official language , and is `` the only language in the world whose vocabulary gets smaller every year '' . The goal of Newspeak 's usage is to narrow the range of thought and individuality . Synonyms and antonyms are constantly being obliterated and many meanings can be summed up with greater rapidity than in `` Oldspeak '' -LRB- standard English -RRB- through abbreviations . Though Oldspeak is still used throughout the course of the novel , Newspeak phrases often appear in government publications and occasionally in dialogue . One of the common expressions , `` doublethink '' , occurs when citizens accept the government 's new and false facts as truth , in the place of previously established and real facts . The fear and oppression within such a society , where words are twisted in the government 's favor and freedom of expression is destroyed , is conveyed with incredible believability in Orwell 's work .
 It was interesting to read this book again in 2006 . It is fascinating to read this book and then analysis and compare the different governments in today 's world .
 Because nothing else will be able to compare . this book is number 3 on mensa 's top 12 list and number 1 on mine . George Orwell 's predictions of a horrible socialist oppressive future puts our own society in perspective . The only thing greater than this book is the last 4 words which will send chills down your spine . A definate must-read .
 One of the great books of the 20th century - it is amazing how much of Orwell has entered the language
 1984 is a book about a controlling government taking too much power over it 's people . This book totally reminds me of my favorite movie series , Star Wars . The dictatorship is close to the communism in present-day Cuba where the people have no say in any matter . The government known as Big Brother has developed a language , Newspeak , for the people of Oceania . The language prohibits people from acting against Big Brother . All citizens are under intensive constant watch including the main character Winston Smith . All thoughts , actions , and words are recorded by telescreens at all times . These telescreens are watching for anything out of the ordinary . Winston is constantly thinking rebellious thoughts while knowing the government is `` ungood '' . The common English word `` bad '' translates into Newspeak as `` ungood '' . The setting holds three superstates Oceania , Eastasia , and Eurasia who all have simmilar governments looking to gain ultimate power over the other two.As the book goes on Winston finds a co-worker and future lover Julia who thinks the same way as him . The two share thoughts and present them to O'Brien , a third worker who is believed to be in charge of `` Brotherhood '' . Brotherhood is the rebel group who disagrees with Big Brother . Two weeks later we find out the secrets of Big Brother . Doublethink is the known method used by Big Brother to have a single person think to opposite thoughts and believe both . O'Brien tells us about doublethink with `` Reality exists in the human mind , and nowhere else , '' says O'Brien . '' ... In the mind of the Party , which is collective and immortal . Whatever the Party holds to be truth is truth . `` Orwell obviously was a strong believer in the warnings of a `` controlling American government `` The book makes me think to myself could this all happen if the government became everything it has become throughout 1984 .
 Very good book , and certainly deep in terms of political ideas , but a little slow in the middle , and the ending is too pessimistic . `` We '' by Evgenii Zamiatin -LRB- which was written first -RRB- is similar and though it has its own weeknesses is probably a better book overall . Nevertheless 1984 is a thought provoking book and well worth reading .
 When Orwell originally wrote 1984 , it was to be called 1948 . This was because he 'd figured that by 1948 the world would be split into `` superstates '' , and all a form of some totalitarianism or other . And a terrifyingly new kind of totalitarianism . One that utilizes technology to invade the privacy of every one of it 's citizens . Orwell gave us the term `` big brother is watching '' . And this is done by cameras that are placed everywhere . Knowing it to be impossible for someone to watch you 24 hours a day is small comfort when you never know when you 're being watched.It bothers me that Orwell is not considered to be one of the great authors of the 20th century , as he was so adept at breaking down complex societies , and goverments into contexts that most everyone can understand . Both in 1984 , and Animal Farm .1984 is the story about an average man who finds more and more that the life he 's leading , and the government he works for is wrong . Horribly wrong . The society he lives in is sick . In time he discovers , through a forbidden book , that the decades long war they 've been fighting against the other superstates is actually a fabrication based on the concept that war can sustain an entire economy , because everything that a society produces is destroyed . And that stoking the fears and hatreds towards the other superstates can create a nucleus that a society can form it 's self around . We are versed on double-think , and double-speak ; where one can spout , and believe government rhetoric , all the while knowing the truth right in front of their face . The book is endlessly fascinating , well written , and deeply provocative . It is , after all , a classic .
 One of the most irritating and literal-minded criticisms of this book is that the events in it did n't happen in 1984 -- as though Orwell were writing prophecy rather than social commentary or just plain fiction . In fact , the majority of thought-control processes he described are in full effect today , as Fromm 's splendid addition to this edition makes clear .
 A while back I started listening to a record by Radiohead . At first two songs really struck me as `` Whoa '' but I could n't figure out why . I listened to the rest of the songs and they soon struck me as `` Whoa . '' I continued listening and I wanted to know what other people thought . I found a comparison between the book Nineteen Eighty-Four and this album . I did n't read anything more than the idea because I knew that I wanted to investigate for myself . I read the book and for the longest time I could not figure out any minute connection between the two . I listened day and night and eventually it made itself clear . OK Computer is the soundtrack to 1984 . Each song has some relation to this book . This book is great , and everyone should read , while listening to radiohead . yeah .
 This book is very engrosive and is what I consider `` literature . '' In my mind literature is what makes you think . And take my word for it , it definetly makes you think .
 I realy loved this book . It was eventive and had good ending -LRB- which surprised me -RRB- The charecters were well thought out and had recognizable -LRB- for lack of better words -RRB- emotions.THis is one of my favourite books .
 This book is incredible . It is almost haunting how close to home some of it hits . You must read it for yourself to truly understand how startling it is .
 1984 is a book written in 1949 by George Orwell and is a prediction of what he thought the future was going to look like in the year 1984 . The book revolves around Winston Smith and his life in the outer party , the middle of three classes . Winston lives in the country of Oceania , one of the three major superstates in the world.Orwell secretly hates the communist government though it is very hard for him to do so because there are Telescreens in every room that see everything . To add to the effect there are posters hung everywhere with a face that say `` Big Brother is watching . '' Propaganda is constantly shouted through the Telescreens and everyone but Winston believes it for fact . The past is constantly changed and is made to appear that life had always been the same if not worse than it currently is . Winston hopes that the government can be overthrown and he hopes for the success of a secret organization targeted by government propaganda simply known as the brotherhood . He meets a woman who loves him and in secrecy they defy the laws of the government . He also suspects a man from the inner party is in on the plot to overthrow the government.This is a very good book no matter how long after 1984 it actually is now . It provides a very real picture of how the government can control huge populations in poverty . This book gives a view of how life would be if communism were to take hold on very large portions of the world while ridding itself of certain fatal flaws that have caused past governments to collapse . Some of the things in this book are very hard to imagine because they are impossible . Doublethink , for example , is a concept in the book where someone says one thing and believes it , and then believes something else that is contradictory to the first thing , which is hard to understand because it is n't possible for people to actually do so to the degree done in the book , but that is one of the few things that are impossible in the book
 1984 . It was a year , and it is also a book . The book is a classic . You can not finish high school without reading it . And why is it considered a classic ? For the creepy window it gives us on what the future may be . And like all disturbing images of the future , people are now convinced it is coming true.As is the case with many other modern classics , as time goes by , people are absolutely convinced that the situation is getting worse , and that slowly , slowly we are moving towards a totalitarian universe like there is in `` 1984 '' . What I think is that with so many people reading the book , we 'll stay farther away from the disturbing image Orwell -LRB- or Blair , more accurately -RRB- painted for us . `` 1984 '' ca n't really be summed up , but it 's pretty simple , when you think about it . Totalitarian state . No freedom , even in your head . Methods of brain-washing . Constant propaganda . It 's as freedom-less as you can get . And in this state you have a few people who try to fight back , but by this time it 's practically impossible.I both liked and disliked this book . I think that it 's definitely creepy and good , but on the other hand , there were many parts that were simply too boring . As someone who has managed to survive through the great unabridged classics -LRB- think War and Peace , The Count of Monte Cristo , etc. -RRB- , having twenty pages of `` 1984 '' be unreadable was an incredible failure on the writer 's part . There were parts that did not have to be as boring as they were . Honestly , the plot is a bit flimsy too . The love story is n't exactly a love story , but more of a passion story . I happened to enjoy the second half of the book much more , where it all starts to make sense and become clear how the government has so much power.If you want me simply to tell you what the book is about , I ca n't . It 's not exactly describable . You have to read it to understand . You should n't trust other people 's opinions either . Everyonoe thinks differently in regards to this book . You have to read it to find out , and you HAVE to read it.On the other hand , if all you 're looking for is the `` anti-utopia '' book , go for the much better , much more interesting `` Brave New World '' . `` Brave New World '' follows the same concepts -LRB- though it preceded `` 1984 '' -RRB- , but is written in a much easier manner and is a superb book . Read THAT first , and then move on to here.I recommend you read this book . While it 's not superb , it 's the sort of book everyone needs to read . It is informative , slightly creepy near the end , and very powerful at the end . It does its job , showing us what the world may be like if we do n't take care of it . It 's a must read , but beware of some boring parts .
 this book was unstoppable!i couldnt put it down.i suddenly felt like i was being watched from everywhere just like the folks in the book.ive read it twice.the 1st time i was on winstons side but i learned to love big brother by the time i was done the 2nd time.big brother is watching!writer george orwell gets a lot of props for `` animal farm '' but this ones way better !
 In Erich Fromm 's afterward , he says
 Im a big fan of Anti-Utopias and this is arguably the best in the genre . Orwell takes you on a journey of Hope and dispare , love and betrayal . while this is a great story what kept me reading is that this book is very well written and I couldnt wait to pick it up again and read on . If you are interested in books of this type , books like `` Men like Gods '' - HG Wells , and `` Brave New World '' - A Huxley are also excelent . For a little Harder read try `` Utopia '' - T Moore The language is a little difficult and with out understanding the latin and greek humor it is still an excellent story .
 Orwell goes into extreme detail and outlines , with vivid detail , life in Oceania . The thought of 24 hour monitoration and all aspects of the ` Party ' are not as far-fetched as one would think . This novel is scary in its possibility and will leave the reader thinking .
 I heard so much about this book before I read it that I kind of thought it pointless to actually read - but I was mistaken - this book has so many levels on which it can be enjoyed - not just the obvious reasons ! The ties to modern society are fairly obvious - especially the idea that one can be watched at all times -LRB- sattellite imagery -RRB- . The overall idea , however , is that it is hopeless to change a system that is based in such fundamental deception . It makes us ponder our own fate and how much control we actually have over our lives . When people know what your deepest thoughts are your deepest fears they have power over you ...
 Did George Orwell actually believe that in the year 1984 the world would resemble the chilling , bleak vision he portrays in this novel ? This is a truly engaging work because it 's a cautionary tale speaking strongly against Fascism , Communism and Totalitarianism that Orwell saw rise in his time during World War II . Orwell 's characer Winston - drawn from Winston Churchhill-is a British man living in Oceania , which is presumably the UK or the West , is a working-class stiff slaving away in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth , which ironically specializes in destroying the truth and giving it an illusion of truth through re-editing . The official language is a mutated English , Newspeak , that is so incredibly condensed it 's purpose is to eliminate elaborate and intelligent thought ! Instead of saying thinsg like evil they use `` ungood '' , instead of using the whole word Ministry of Peace they say Minipax . Winston secretly loathes the stifling and totalitarian world he lives in . The empowered Party , headed by a fictitious Big Brother , is constantly monitoring everyone 's thoughts , and urging families to spy on one another . Eventually , Winston falls for Julia , a rebellious girl from the supposedly virginal Anti-Sex League . But Julia is no virgin and has engaged in sexual relationships with even members of the Party . However , because they fall in love with each other and are against the institution of the Party , they are punished through torture and seperated . The story is well-written , with enough description and character development , particularly that of Winston and his enemy , the wicked Party pawn O'Brien who works in the Ministry of Truth . O'Brien 's character is devilish and cynical , a man who represents devotion to the Party and its system of mind control . They have everyone so subjugated that they believe one plus one is four if the Party says so . What is the theme of 1984 ? If we are not careful in preserving civil liberties and maintaining strong democratic systems , we will live as close to this nightmarish world as possible .
 Though the novel does drag when you read tracts from the conspiracy 's manual , I found the novel to be rather enjoyable . The idea of how the world would be shaped and for what reasons was interesting , and the narrator was able to lead the reader into the world and allow the reader to be engulfed into things.The end was well done , and it was a good closure to the work . The character does not die , but he is changed . Indeed , he awakens to thye doctrine of the state and accepts it . Yeah , he has been tortured and brainwashed , but he does not give in under that torture , though seeds are definitely laid.If you have the time and you like depressing books about totalitarian states that try to stamp out individual thought and reason , go ahead and pick this book up . If you want something lighter though , I would try to find something else .
 I would never have come to the conclusion that Nineteen Eighty-Four was going to be as it was - frightening , thought provoking and ultimately distressing . To think that a work of fiction from the 1940s could so accurately discribe elements of life today is amazing , and almost unheard of.This book speaks about a guy by the name of Winston Smith . He seems like a pretty cool guy in the story in the story . He started out with thoughtcrime . He graduates through a series of misdemeanors and even plans to overthrow the government that took him in as an orphan.It is a book that makes you aware because your every move is watched and where the media is controlled . This book has it 's own language , a twisted corruption of English , which can in part be seen today . It is easy to imagine that a camera is on you all the time , that people can look inside your head . This book makes you wonder about things like that . Like what if somebody can come into my mind and read my thoughts and what if somebody is watching me all the time and I never sat down to think about this . To me the book was very good I think if you just give it time and really get into the book you would really enjoy yourself . It is kind of scary , but hey so is life .
 This is the first time I have read 1984 . I guess it never came to be that any of my high school or college classes made it a required reading.Obviously , there is nothing one can add today to the discussion of the central theme of the book that probably has not been discussed already . However , I think it is a book that one needs to read and discuss today , and in the future , in terms of the parallels we find in Orwell 's 1948 vision of 1984 and the world of today . It 's bothersome to realize how many connections you can find on a global or national scale and then again on a smaller , local day-to-day scale . On the smaller , local scale I mean to include not just governmental but also office and even family.Orwell truly had an ability to identify and register the extremes that man is capable of obtaining . Through looking at the extremes we are able to see the potential harm that slight breaks in treasured behaviors and freedoms can lead to . Unapproved monitoring of the population , taking the face away from the enemy , the use of language to deny freedoms or manipulate facts and fear , torture for the sake of confession and re-education have all been headlines or points of discussions in the recent past and I am sure will be in the future . After all , man is man . Somehow Orwell captured a timeless and scary side of man in 1984 . My one knock on the book is that somewhere in the second part of the book , I put it down and gave it a rest for some time . Somewhere in the middle of Winston and Julia 's sadly dark utopia , I moved onward to something else . I did come back to it though and am glad I just did n't leave it unfinished.Anyway , enjoy the book . It 's a great read that has multiple connections real or imagined to our lives .
 This is a review of George Orwell 's 1984 . I had never gotten around to reading it before this . I found it to be great and truly profound.Big Brother is watching you ! This is that book . One of the scariest I have ever read - not as in Dracula , but as in we have to make sure we do n't slide into this and we may have started to.I saw a few parallels between my own experiences and what goes on in the book . That was more than a little upsetting.The whole thing about DOUBLETHINK was especially unsettling . People today do use this all the time - especially in the media . Not a good thing . Maybe if more people read this book , they would realize what they are doing and stop . I know I will be on the lookout so as to avoid being guilty of this myself.Though Orwell may not have thought about this when writing , he did seem to provide readers with a warning against politically correct speech going too far . Consider the issues with NEWSPEAK in the book and see what you think.There is a movie version with Richard Burton that is well done , but read the book first.If you have n't read 1984 , then get hold of a copy and read it . If you have already read it , then read it again .
 If you read the book and look at our government you will be somewhat disturbed .
 Imagine a world where `` freedom is slavery , '' `` war is peace '' and `` ignorance is strength . '' The things we take for granted -- love and sexual relationships , a difference of opinion , private thoughts -- are taken away from you . Your nation -LRB- or in this case , the `` Party '' -RRB- is your whole reason for being . You owe everything to it , including your life and every thought , and no other aspect of your life matters . In every corner of the city , telescreens -LRB- video cameras ? -RRB- watch and dictate your every move , and the `` Thought Police '' are on the lookout for signs of traitorous thoughts . Once captured , traitors are erased from humankind as if they had never existed in the first place . The past does n't exist , and no traces of history remain . Sex , wine , coffee and other pleasures are not allowed unless it benefits the Inner Party in some way . The world consists of three areas
 This book is a classic , and should be read by everyone claiming to be literate.The good thing about this particular version is that it 's relatively inexpensive , and does n't have a lot of extra material.The bad part about this particular version is that the afterword , written by Erich Fromm in 1961 , has been overtaken by events . Communism has been exposed as an unethical , immoral system , and I am offended by Fromm 's suggestion of some kind of moral equivalence between capitalism and communism.There needs to be a new afterword , written sometime after the World Trade Center attacks . It would actually be nice to have two small afterwords , written by people on different sides of the political aisle .
 The slogan Big Brother is Watching derives from this work . Winston Smith decides to keep a diary , -LRB- against all regulations prevalent in Oceania -RRB- . He detects that a man named O'Brien is a fellow dissident . Smith works at the Ministry of Truth . The really scary organization is the Ministry of Love . The danger of history is not knowing history . Winston Smith has a problem . He remembers . Ingsoc may have dated back to 1960 . Newspeak has a vocabulary that grows smaller every year . There is a Ministry of Plenty , but there is rationing . Winston separated from his wife eleven years earlier . The Party prefers celibacy.Winston believes the best chance for the future is the proletarians , -LRB- proles -RRB- . He decides to wander among them . The one thing they pay attention to is the lottery . There are big prizes . The book shows Orwell 's mastery of the uses of propaganda , the perils of bureaucracy , and an understanding of totalitarian trends as exemplified by the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany and in smaller ways by the modern democracies of England , the United States , and the colonies of India and Burma . Orwell was a student of the uses and abuses of authority . Winston Smith 's descent among the proletariat resembles Orwell 's experiences , THE ROAD TO WIGAN PIER and DOWN AND OUT IN PARIS AND LONDON . Loving details of the scene reflect also Orwell 's love of Dickens and Kipling.A girl from the Fiction Department writes a love note to Winston . He is amazed . They arrange to meet at a crowded square . Even though there are telescreens , it should be okay . -LRB- Not only is the Party Puritanical , but it is expected that Party members engage in wholesome communal activities . Sexual privacy induces hysteria . -RRB- Surveillance of citizens is carried on with the cooperation of other citizens rather in the way of Stasi or the block captains of Chairman Mao . Winston rents a room above a shop . Julia brings Inner Party coffee to the meeting , not the victory coffee everyone else drinks . Winston and Julia know their conduct is suicidal , but they continue . Winston is no longer bored with life.Julia believes that everyone secretly hates the Party . As under Stalin , there are show trials . -LRB- Taking things a step further , there are hate campaigns . One means of civil control by the Party is mass demonstrations . -RRB- Children are encouraged to spy on their parents . Winston explains to Julia that the past is actually being abolished . Suddenly Oceania is at war with Eastasia . All information concerning Oceania 's war with Eurasia has to be obliterated.The Party has an enemy , Emmanuel Goldstein , a Trotsky-like figure . There is an anti-Party organization , the Brotherhood . Goldstein has a book , although most copies have been destroyed . O'Brien endeavors to get a copy of it for Winston and Julia . Reading Goldstein 's book , Winston learns that the three superstates are permanently at war . Even if war hysteria is continuous , war takes place on the margins , and is the product of specialists . War can not be decisive because the parties are too evenly matched . War uses up surpluses . A war that is continuous ceases to be dangerous . Party weapons are doublethinks and the mutability of the past.The end is nightmare . There is a Cold War flavor to this , -LRB- Orwell seems to have anticipated everything -RRB- . Beyond politics there is the point , raised recently in a journal , that the author of this masterpiece was dying of tuberculosis during its composition . It is his testament . Our clever author has left us with a prized gift at the end of the volume , an Appendix detailing the Principles of Newspeak . Bravo -- this is a book to be read and reread only by the strong-minded .
 This is the gold standard dystopian novel which all others are wan and pale by comparison with , and it is so clear and brilliant that it makes the mind reel at its inventions and delivery . If it were discovered a few thousand years from now the reader would still get the sense that at best , civilization was teetering on the edge of annihilation at the hands of its own institutions . There is a timelessness and immediacy in the prose which defies description . Every character in this book is suffering in ways that strip him or her of all the joys that can be shared between people . Only a genius in immense pain is capable of producing a work of this caliber ; this is the culmination of a life that was , in the writing of this book , essentially sacrificed . When some people die young we think they left great works undone , but if someone makes something like this , it 's something we should all be thankful for and leave it at that ; no one having done a thing like this can have died in vain . Of the few that can make a book like this in the first place , only one of them has . This is a treasure of the most vital importance and I say this without hesitation or fear of contradiction , one of the greatest books ever written .
 Absolutely scary outlook on the ramifications of allowing government to creep incrementally into our lives -- eventually consuming and controlling every one of our actions . Not possible ? Perhaps . Or are the first signs showing in our own government?This is a must read .
 1984 is about a man named Winston Smith and the totalitarian society he lives in . Winston becomes a free thinker in a society where the Thought Police will kill for doing such criminal acts . He starts to rebel against Big Brother in ways that I couldnt even believe -LRB- writing in a diary , having sex , purchasing certain items at a store -RRB- . Winston 's journey is a scary one from beginning to end . Part three is especially creepy . I know that this story is very extream , but it is kinda crazy how it describes things that happen in our world today .
 Big Brother is watching in a utopian vision of 1984 where everyone is being watched . With the invent of modern cell phone technologies and such it is entirely possible that we are all being watched by someone or multiple someone 's without being made aware . Love is also forbidden and mixing between classes is frowned upon . Love in modern society is under attack by the pressures of a bad economy , work schedules , children , and fifty bajillion other things and I personally have noticed that there is n't exactly a lot of mixing between people of different ethnic and cultural backgrounds and occupations , so my thought is are we really that far from the basic concepts of 1984
 I 'm a first time reader of 1984 and am in love . I ca n't believe that it did n't show up in my reading list before now ! I have been a long time fan of dystopia and am so excited to have read finally a founding book of the genre.I was absolutely enthralled . It has been a while since a book has grabbed me like this . To say I 'd recommend this book is a gross understatement . If you 've been holding off on reading this stop holding off !!
 I read this book many many years ago as a teenager . Since then it has had a lasting impression on me . It really makes you think . It was a pleasure to read and have read it a bunch of times since then . I 've also seen the movie which of course was n't as good . Everybody still constantly talks about major concepts introduced in this book . The world is slowly becoming a mirror image of this book . This book is highly entertaining to read and will change your life as you know it . I 'm glad I was forced to read as a teenager .
 Too much has been said about this novel to even try to be original in a review . I will underline that this is one of the most important books I have ever read . It taught me the value of freedom , its pricelessness in fact.The book is written very well , fluent prose and gripping plot , but that is not its main value . The value is its moral about democracy , which we may take for granted now but is to be nourished all the time . The book , of course , was written in the late forties , at the height of Stalinism , so it is obvious it refers to that scenario , at the peak of the Cold War . But too many people seem to forget the value of democracy today , in the information age.One could argue that Orwell was wrong about the state controlling people through technology , in fact internet has provided all of us with tremendous power of horizontal communication that governments have a hard time controlling . But the game is an ongoing one ... not yet over ! I think this book should be taught in schools .
 Well I just finished reading this book about a half hour ago and I 've been trying to find even a sliver of hope within its pages . When O'Brien hands Winston the book about the underground movement known as The Brotherhood and swears Winston to do anything for the movement , I have to believe that there is a possibility that the Brotherhood does actually exist and that O'Brien is an actual member of this Brotherhood . I recognize that later in the story O'Brien is the one torturing him but remember that one must always show no sign of deception to Big Brother in order to not be discovered . O'Brien must play his role in order to avoid detection and may have simply been better at avoiding detection by being a long time member of the underground movement and knowing ways to avoid detection . Winston may have been discovered through his careless acts by the various spys and/or telescreens.I felt that the arguments between O'Brien and Winston was the climax in the story and it was my favorite section to read . The ending where Winston meets Julia again one last time seemed to me to be the saddest part of all as Big Brother has destroyed there love for one another and their humanity .
 Over the years I 've read 1984 many times , the first time was for a book report in High School and the last couple of times as a paperback . Happy to have 1984 in my electronic library . Buy , read , rate this ebook , your opinion is important .
 A classic book with a very , powerful message . It is beautifully written and one of my all time favorites . I recommend it for everyone .
 George Orwell 's last book - 1984 was published in 1949 for the first time . It has since been reprinted in 1961 , 1977 , 1981 and 2003 . Many reviews have been written . I do not presume to have anything new to say about the book.As the author of the foreword of the Centennial Edition , Thomas Pynchon , observed `` It is not difficult to guess that Orwell , in 1984 , was imagining a future for his son 's generation , a world he was not so much wishing upon them as warning against . He was impatient with predictions of the inevitable , he remained confident in the ability of ordinary people to change anything , if they would . '' It seems to be a thread woven through the book ... `` that human decency , like parental love , can always be taken for granted - a faith so honorable that we can almost imagine Orwell , and perhaps even ourselves , for a moment anyway , swearing to do whatever must be done to keep it from ever being betrayed . `` In his Afterword , Eric Fromm offers this observation . `` Orwell ... is implying that the new form of managerial industrialism , in which man builds machines which act like men and develops men who act like machines , is conducive to an era of dehumanization and complete alienation , in which men are transformed into things and become appendices to the process and production and consumption ... Orwell ... is not a prophet of disaster . He wants to warn and awaken us ... the danger with which all men are confronted today , the danger of a society of automatons who will have lost every trace of individuality , of love , of critical thought , and yet who will not be aware of it because of ` doublethink . ' `` Fromm continues `` Books like Orwell 's are powerful warnings . and it would be most unfortunate if the reader smugly interpreted 1984 as another description of Stalinist barbarism , and if he does not see that it means us , too . `` As in all timeless creative writing Orwell has given us , the reader , many lessons . He has raised the alarm - it is up to us - 21st century humans - to heed it .
 I personally hold this book in so high a regard that I find myself unable to make it justice by way of an extensive review , so I 'll try to keep it brief . For me this is perhaps the greatest novel of the past century , almost any other book looks childish and frivolous by comparison as regards style , narrative pace , plot , structure and of course allegorical and metaphoric power -LRB- `` The Trial '' by Kafka , is the only other worthy contender of `` 1984 '' that I can think of -RRB- . Orwell masterfully describes a nightmarish future in which all individual liberties have been rooted out . The book chronicles the alienated existence of Winston Smith , a minor bureaucrat , and his personal and solitary rebellion against the establishment until the final annihilation of his personality . There is terror and horror in literature -LRB- as understood by authors like Poe , Lovecraft , Barker , etc -RRB- and then there is this book , which is one of the most disturbing experiences a reader can face in a lifetime . Some people hate it precisely because of its very bleak denouement . I can tell you that this is a compelling novel that will stay with you after days of having finished it . It is also one of the very few literary triumphs hailed in equal measure during decades by critics and readers alike . No other writer that I know of has been able to describe the sheer abstract terror exemplified by the infamous Room 101 . Horror has many faces and the powers that be many ways of imposing their tyranny upon an isolated individual . Unfortunately , there are things worse and more humiliating than death , and that is what the protagonist of this terrifying novel will discover ... It is difficult for me to find any kind of flaws in this book , the underlying message is tremendously powerful and the writing addictive and stylish , plus the plot leaves you virtually breathless . It ranks easily as the very best dystopian fiction ever written , and it does n't look like it is going to be overthrown in the near future . George Orwell who , some years prior to the publication of this book , already showed to the world what he was capable of with his amazing `` Animal Farm '' , inscribes himself with ease among the greatest authors of all time thanks to this masterpiece.Do not go to your grave without having read this book first .
 I had to read 1984 in high school for English , usually I never engaged with the required readings for class and sometimes I would n't even read the book , but 1984 was an exception . I could not put this book down , I read it slowly not wanting it to end and it completely took over my mindscape , I was thinking about it constantly ! I remember we had to do chapter summary oral presentations in class and we went through about 10 chapters a class , but I was only up to chapter 4 at the time , I used to either block my ears or skip those classes ! Riveting read ! Chances are if you 're reading this , you 've already read 1984 , and if you have n't then you must pick it up . Basically the plot follows a character named Winston Smith as he attempts to hang onto his humanity and creativity in a dystopic society that has abandoned both . The world of 1984 is one of Big Brother , constant camera surveillance , ` thought police ' , thought crime , new speak and even more Orwellian insanity .
 Loved the book . But if you read it , skip the intro ! It is extremely spoiling for the plot , it annoys me that it was n't put at the end . After reading a couple of spoilers I skipped it . Similarly , it annoys me that the ebook is the most expensive option.Other than that I find this an epic book , a must read .
 It is a world very much like ours today - no privacy , ignorance of the world and wars around us , everyone conforming to be no different than ones neighbor , and government only telling the public what they want them to know.Open your eyes and read this warning to what very well could become true if we do not change .
 I read this book about 25-30 years ago and it seemed so unrealistic back then . But -- now children Do spy on their parents , and what is a fad if it 's not dressing alike to an extent , and how about the schools now using uniforms , ie . dressing alike to know if you belong there , and oh yes ... Big Brother is watching us now -- cameras at traffic lights , speed sensors on the interstates and turnpikes . Oh , and the news that the media prints is n't always true and is n't that `` history '' ? This book does get tedious at times but it 's definitely worth reading , I know I have thought about this book of fiction/fantasy off and on for the past few decades . Is n't that a sign of a good book worth reading ? My daughters are now reading it for English class and they 're struggling through the wordy tedious parts but I tell them they wo n't forget this story .
 When i first read this book , i was in 9th grade and i was 15 , now admitedly , i have n't grown up that much since then , as i just started 10th grade , but my feelings about this book have totally changed . when i read it , i hated it . i thought it was just awful . too sad . but now i look back , and i realize what a wonderful book it was , maybe not happy , but good . so true . it had such a powerful message that could n't be ignored . i am now so glad that i read it . i think that everyone should read it . you may not find that it is the most entertaining thing that you have ever read , but if you sit and think about the book , and then about society , you would really see things in a totally different light . it really opened my eyes . i really think that everyone should read this book . you will never regret it , in fact , you will be extremely pleased that you read it . there is no way you could n't be glad you read it . maybe you will be like me , and you wo n't like it while you 're reading it , but once you are done , you will be glad that you read it . so please , read it .
 Well here we are in 2000 , the year 1984 just a memory . Our fears of Orwell 's book being a prophecy fully abated.Like most people I first read this book in school . Like most people I came away with the idea that the collectors of information will end up like Big Brother . I too cried ' 1984 ' when the government tried to collect even more info on us.Shortly after Princess Diana 's death , though , I read this book for a second time . I then realized that we have been looking for ` Big Brother ' in all the wrong places . Big Brother is n't the collector of information , he is the controller of information . Who controls information today ? The media . Compare Princess Diana 's life to Winston 's . Very good book . Well worth reading again as an informed adult . At least that is this proles opinion .
 I have read 1984 many times . Each time that I have read it I come away with new insights to its pure genius . The very concept of ` DoubleThink ' and ` NewSpeak ' are not just literary devices in a great book , they are current trends that exist in todays world . In Americe , the land of the free , the insidious grip of Political Corectness has worked it 's way through society . We have manged to criminalize words , because their meanings have been perverted by special intrest groups who have their own agendas . New words or terms have been formed to gradually herd people into new ways of thinking . We have a leader who by all indications has broken the laws of the country , the bonds of his marriage , and the basic morals that all people are expected to live be . Most anybody can recognize this yet at the same time can not see where any wrong doing has taken place . A court appointed counsel has taken the form of Goldstein , where virtually every crisis and point of evil in the nation and possibly world has been blamed on him somehow . The internet has come into most peoples homes and office . A person can not go anywher now without being watched by security cameras or electronically tracked at airports and by credit card transactions . It is 1998 now , but in many ways we are living in 1984 . We just have n't looked up and noticed it yet .
 love this book , no problems on my kindle fire . amazon wants me to write more blah blah blah blah blah
 This is a powerful book that I first read in high-school and like with most everything in school you do n't fully appreciate until you are much much older . With that in mind I recently re-read this classic and was shocked and appalled how much of George Orwells dark and dreary vision has become a reality in our lives since my high school days.Winston the protagonist in this book is a low level party grunt working at the Ministry of Truth in a fictional London dedicated to scrub history books and records of inconvenient facts , such as who we are at war with and why to streamline history into lockstep with the ever changing party line . Orwell foresees technology that for his day was in its infancy and describes how this technology can be used to oppress people and that whoever controls the past will control the future -LRB- and present -RRB- . Orwell Imagines a world in which every home has a two way ` television ' , that is used inbound to disseminate propaganda while at the same time allowing the thought police to check up on its citizens . Virtually every inch of his imaginary world is covered in listening and spying devices and even small deviations from the norm carry the death penalty . Winston 's crime is to keep a journal to record his own version of history , this will ultimately bring down the thought police on him , who -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- captures , tortures and kills him , but not before breaking his spirit and making him love big brother and his henchman.The most striking thing about this book is that we can see almost all of Orwells more imaginative concepts come to life in our modern day society , not necessarily exactly the way the author envisioned them , but in a more subtle but no less disturbing way . One ca n't help to draw parallels between Orwells concept of thought crime and the political correctness movement that is doing its best - and succeeding in - making certain words unspeakable and by extension certain thoughts unthinkable . It 's chilling to read a news article on how interest groups trying to change Mark Twains classic to strike a specific word from the book for school versions where it is appropriate in both the text as the context of the time it was written . The ministry of truth resides not as a specific location it rather resides with special interest groups fighting to revise history.The Internet - obviously unimaginable at the time - serves as a close and even more powerful parallel to the ever present surveillance in Orwells world , but instead of a government forcing us to be available -LRB- and surveillable -RRB- we willingly surrender our deepest emotions , private thoughts and actions to social media sites like Facebook and twitter where they are for sale to the highest bidder including our government .9 / 11 as global watershed moment has served as justification for more and more snooping and warrant less searches while our airports serve as testing ground on how much more privacy intrusion we are willing to take at one point . In the name of ` homeland security ' we are living in fear of the boogie man , not Goldstein , but Osama Bin Laden and his band of Islamic terrorist serving as the external threat on which more and more intrusions on our personal freedoms are being justified with.If you ever wonder how a prequel to 1984 would look or how Orwells world got to where it is , turn on your TV and browse the Internet and you will find that you are living it . It is not 5 minutes till noon , it may be 5 mi uses past noon and we have n't realized it yet ...
 cool so far but have not finished ... creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy ... basically because it 's something that REALLY could happen
 Everyone should read this for a perspective on government invasion of privacy . It is very interesting that Orwell wrote this in 1949 !
 Besides being one of the first non-modern novels I 've read , it also remains one of my favorites for three reasons :1 . the symbolism and themes revealed in this book are amazing2 . the sytle and tone of the novel are easy enough for most non-literary critics to understand , but it will still capture the attention of the most advanced reader3 . its plot and message have encouraged me to read more classical novels
 Inspiring piece of worldly paranoia , that is truth , quoted well into the twenty first century as the future , and it is , not because mankind does n't think it will ever go this way , but because we know full well we are , but somehow are allowing it to happen everyday . It is decentralization of power from the human being , in all aspects of one 's life , to a higher power , a bigger cause , communism called the great Lucifer because all was given to the collective body and not to God , now God is the great Lucifer because we give ourselves to the collective body of something that we can not prove , so Science is the great Lucifer , producing weapons to kill the world a million times over , toxins to poison us a million times over , are all forms of giving to a collective body the nature of death ? Is it the giving to a collective body that robs the soul of its power ? Is it giving oneself wholly and utterly to something other than one 's own self the conduit of decent into the investment of despair . 1984 sees men and women working their themselves to skin and bone to achieve a greater good that never emerges , the ultimate failings masked by a strict authoritative regime , BIG BROTHER , the power all seeing and ever controlling , rewriting history , editing the world around them , at war with this nation one minute and switching to another the next , neighbours up and vanish and protagonists invest in each other for but a fleeting glimpse of love only to be captured by the THOUGHT POLICE for engaging in illegal activity , men at the top of this society using torture and mind control to enforce a pathology of unquestionable and undeniable supremacy of all the power to the BIG BROTHER system , and that this is the system and that is why they are alive at all , at which point we question if it is worth living at all to which Orwell delivers a resounding , no , of course it is not worth living this life , why bother at all , and that this is a piece of work that must be understood by everyone and anyone who can read and is certainly mandatory reading for anyone in least bit interested in politics or political science.Unfortunately however we tend to vote in military commanders , lawyers and extreme capitalists into government and then ask why it is all going down hill.The problem is there is no terminology in the English language to describe the act of one human being killing their unborn future children by process of setting up a bad management system with a legal body incorporated into that system before they die . This prison kills , yet it is justified . 1984 is maybe that word , filicide being the closest English equivalent .
 No novel seems to be more relevant these days than George Orwell 's 1984 . While the year has passed the ideas of trickery and deception by the government still exist . Oceania could easily be the United States and Big Brother could be any one of the three letter orginizations in the US . No there arent telescreens everywhere , but thanks to the deceptivly titled `` Patriot Act '' Orwells nightmare is eerily closer to reality than ever before . Read this book . Period .
 Everyone must read this book . If you read Animal Farm and thought it was good wait until you read this ! It blows away Animal Farm by far ! It shows what George Orwell projects as the future when he believed at the time would be under strict totalitarian rule . If you think communism would be a good form of government you might change your mind by the end of this book for it shows how society will be enslaved by its rule and eventually even the freedom to think will not endure .
 1984 by George Orwell is a story of a totalitarian government and a man living under its power . Winston , the main character , struggles to fight the ruling outer party , even though his works for them changing historical documents to fit the parties needs . I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys conspiracy stories . The only negative thing I can say about this book is it becomes slow in some parts , but over all it is a great read .
 Great book . Some of it is funny too . The ministry of Love , which is in charge or torturing , is called Miniluv in the language of Newspeak . The book presents a picture of a futuristic cruel society . Unlike A Brave New World , I would not want to live in this society . Some of the things that go on in this book one can relate to the real world . For example , in the book constant war is a stimulant to the economy , which resembles how some presidents use war to stimulate a bad economy in our times . The book also contains a book within a book , which appears to be an original concept . The book within the book describes an elaborate construction of the workings and politics of the Party . The torture that takes place is incredible . The Newspeak language was an interesting idea designed to reduce the possibilities of thought crimes by reducing the numbers of words in the language . The ideal speaker quacks like a duck , duckspeaking , such that speaking originates from the larynx as opposed from the brain . Duckspeaking is a marvelous , but scary idea indeed .
 I first read this book on a friend 's reccomendation and since then , it has become one of my favorite books of all time . many other reviews give you the plot summary , so i wo n't bother . I would highly reccomend this book to anyone , especially someone who wants to think about the direction our society is heading . it 's kinda disturbing , but only because it 's plausable.happy reading .
 1984 is frightening . 1984 is thought-provoking . 1984 is a literary masterpiece , warning society of a possible future that would more or less end meaning in life . There 's little more I can say . Just read the book for yourself ; it 's what I call required reading .
 This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch . With his descriptive depiction of the future , Orwell really puts the fear into the reader 's heart . With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime , Orwell 's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s . The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today . With America 's War on Terrorism , the Bush Administration has started restricting American 's basic civil liberties , such as a right to trial . This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell . Still if this book has one message , it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish , not taken for granted . This book is a crystal ball into our country 's future and deserves to be read .
 I would like to make a very brief comment on other reviews.Wh do so many reviewers of this book confuse Socialism with Communism ?
 ... well imagine your face being crush by a foot , for ever . Yeah yeah I have to admit I took it from 1984 , but it 's ok because its only THE BEST BOOK OF ALL TIME . I loved that book , poor M. George , he had one sick mind . In this book , around the 1950 's -LRB- I 'm not sure sure , but I know it was during the first or the second war -RRB- George Orwell imagined what the world would be like in 1984 . The Government , or should I say YOUR BIG BROTHER , knows everything , EVERYTHING ! He hates people that are againts him , so free-thinking and having friends is a crime . With so much power , it 's easy to make people believe events that never happened . The kids , ahh those stupid kids , let 's brainwash them ... yeah , and let 's turn them against their parents , they are so young and easy to manipulate . Yes this book is creepy , so creepy , that you 're happy of the world that you are living in right now , that 's what makes this book such a masterpiece . When you read the book , you hate BIG BROTHER so much , you want to the guy to beat up his ass , but who is MR.BIG BROTHER anyways , no one ever saw him before , right ? You just cant wait to reach the end , and the ending wont let you down , it 's one of the best endings I ever read . Everything is good in this book . If you like DAN SIMMONS , ALDOUS HUXLEY and RAY BRADBURY , you 'll salivate over this book.There is no hope if you do n't have power , there 's only hope in BIG BROTHER ... and Do n't forget , BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU .
 George Orwell depicts a horrible totalitarian state that suppresses all opposition . In 1984 the world is divided into three parts , Oceania , Eastasia and Eurasia . These three parts are constantly at war . The charismatic figure of Big Brother stands in the forefront of the Party . It is a figure of mythical power . Winston Smith struggles against the Party , he rebels against Big Brother and the totalitarian regime . But his rebellion will result in his own destruction . We should bare in mind that this novel was published in 1949 and we so realise that Orwell 's imaginary future world is a brilliant creation , his vision of brutalised and manipulated humanity is gripping and unfortunately still supremely relevant .
 I first read this book in grade 7 . I was just discovering books at the time and soaked up the distopia genre.I gave book reports on Clockwork Orange and Brave New World , instead of The Outsiders like other students . I reccomend this book to anyone who enjoys a good Terry Gilliam film -LRB- Brazil , 12 Monkeys , King Fisher , Montey Python -RRB- or for teens who do n't want cheesy books aimed for your age -LRB- i hated the Outsiders -RRB- .
 It 's amazing that George Orwell , over 50 years ago , has so accurately predicted the state of present day America through the fictional , yet chillingly realistic story of Winston Smith . The book reads as if it were written only yesterday with many aspects of the story describing the current state of affairs in America and warning of the dangerous path that we as a nation are travelling down - a path where we are coaxed by fear into giving up essential liberties and freedoms in exchange for greater `` protections '' from numerous false threats to our security . Ours is a nation that has become consumed with fear , and consequently one whose people are willing to swallow whatever bogus stories our leaders come up with to justify their unjustifiable wars and the profiteering they engage in . '' -LSB- The people -RSB- could be made to accept the most flagrant violations of reality , because they never fully grasped the enormity of what was demanded of them , and were not sufficiently interested in public events to notice what was happening . '' Ignorance and fear have taken over our lives in America , and Orwell shows us in frightening detail where it must eventually lead . This book is a must read for every American .
 Dear `` reader from Mt. Pleasant , MI '' : What on earth are you talking about ? You think Orwell actually wrote 1984 because he was mad at the world ? Christ , you make it sound like 1984 is the work of a nihilist . 1984 is a dark satire of totalitarian governments . No , the Soviet Union was not as bad as Oceania , but a satire is supposed to exaggerate.The novel has a perfectly legitimate political purpose , and has nothing to do with Orwell being mad at the rest of the world . You clearly did n't understand much about the book at all.As for why I liked it , most of it has been said already . It offers great insight into human nature and politics . Plus it 's very well written . It is also probably the most immediately interesting and intriguing books I 've read .
 I just got finished reading this book and I thought it was great . It did a wonderful job in portraying a scary future in witch the government rules over it citizens harshly with no thought to privacy . The population in the fictional country , Oceana , is split into three different classes . The Inner Party represents the upper class , the Outer Party the middle class , and the Proles , the lower/slave class . Winston Smith , the protagonist , is a member of the outer party and works in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth , rewriting and altering records , such as newspaper-articles , of the past . The main rising action in the book starts when Winston starts to have critical thoughts against the totalitarian Big Brother , the symbol of the party . He buys a book , which is very illegal and uses is it as a diary . In each room there are `` telscreens '' which are basically television sets that show propaganda and political pamphlets but also have a built-in camera and microphone , in order to spy on people . Winston eventually develops a relationship with a young girl Julia who works in the department next to his . They are successful in hiding their illegal affair for a number of years but are eventually caught . I do n't want to give the end of the book away but just read it for yourself ! It is definitely worth it .
 I just got finished reading this book and I thought it was great . It did a wonderful job in portraying a scary future in witch the government rules over it citizens harshly with no thought to privacy . The population in the fictional country , Oceana , is split into three different classes . The Inner Party represents the upper class , the Outer Party the middle class , and the Proles , the lower/slave class . Winston Smith , the protagonist , is a member of the outer party and works in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth , rewriting and altering records , such as newspaper-articles , of the past . The main rising action in the book starts when Winston starts to have critical thoughts against the totalitarian Big Brother , the symbol of the party . He buys a book , which is very illegal and uses is it as a diary . In each room there are `` telscreens '' which are basically television sets that show propaganda and political pamphlets but also have a built-in camera and microphone , in order to spy on people . Winston eventually develops a relationship with a young girl Julia who works in the department next to his . They are successful in hiding their illegal affair for a number of years but are eventually caught . I do n't want to give the end of the book away but just read it for yourself ! It is definitely worth it .
 A Review by RyanWinston Smith is living in London , a city in the oppressive super-state of Oceania . The year is 1984 . Oceania is a nightmare of totalitarianism . The Party controls everything , from Oceania 's history to people 's freedom of thought . War is peace . Freedom is slavery . Ignorance is strength . Big Brother is always watching you . Winston Smith is a rebel who is desperate to overthrow this all-powerful system . Nineteen Eighty-Four documents his quest for a way to defeat the Party.This book astonished me from beginning to end . The things I love most about it are its unrelenting darkness , each part 's unique theme , and its overall message . The dark tone fits the book perfectly . The way everything unfolds paints a picture of bleakness and horror . The layout of the story is what interested me the most . It 's organized into three distinct parts
 A Review by Jordan1984 , by George Orewell is a book about what our Country could be like in a negative point of view in the year 1984 . The book begins with a future Government trying to gain complete power of the world and its people . In this world there are no freedoms , no freedom of thought , no freedoms at all . The thoughts of the totalitarian Big Brother and the Party were nothing but complete power . Can you have complete power without pain and torture ? The Party and Big Brother control everything , history , science , time , everything . Also the Party and Big Brother believed that if enough people believed something is it not true ? They think if enough people believe that 2 +2 = 5 then does it not?I liked how the book kept you in suspense and how it was somewhat dark . The plot is very well done . I also liked how Winston started as a Loyal to Big brother and then changed and joined the rebellion . The author allows your mind run wild with ideas of what is happening or will happen to Winston . I really liked how the author actually made you think that it is possible for out government turn out like this or maybe already headed that way.I would recommend this book to anyone who likes sci-fi books and dark adventures and mysteries .
 First off it was a great book , and i wanted to say something to Sheri that lives in Grennsboro , north Carolina , when you said that George Orewell needed to stop writing books i almost crapped my pants because he has stoped because he is DEAD stupid!Anyways it was a great book and you should read it . It makes you think about what our country could have been like if we made the wrong choices or lost a war .
 I finally got round to reading this ` classic ' , and I must say I was n't too disappointed , as up until now I 've disliked nearly all the so called classics I 've read . The first two parts of the book are largely mediocre - Orwells writing style has never really been particularly special and the world and characters he depicts are somewhat clumsy.It is only upon reading the final part of the novel that this book rises above the crowd , as Orwell firmly clarifies the message of the book , not only depicting the true horror of an omnipotent dictatorship , but also the systematic manipulation of information and fact to it 's ultimate extreme . This latter point has tremendous relevance as it does occur in western societies , hence in America words such as ` liberal ' have had their meaning altered by the media to the point at which they become non descriptive , merely remaining as a form of abuse . This use of language manipulation is revealed in the book to be the final step in ultimate control - to manipulate peoples actual ability to think.The book does leave the reader with much to ponder , and indeed many will take different messages away from it , though I must admit how anyone who has read the whole book can go away thinking that it was merely a straight forward attack on communism , is beyond me . Left , right and centre poltics are all capable of using the methods warned against in this book , and have all done so to a certain degree.Overall , well worth reading .
 George Orwell wrote a classic novel , 1984 , which was , at the time , science fiction . It was a look into a forbidding totalitarian future . The enemy was Communism.After the inevitable nuclear war , the world has been divided into three sectors . The sectors are at continual war with each other , necessitating severe restrictions on personal freedoms . London is capital of the sector of Oceania . Here , Winston Smith is a clerk , working for `` Big Brother , '' the media-hyped totalitarian dictator who keeps a close watch on all of his subjects . One can almost hear him saying , `` If you are talking on the phone with someone from another sector , we want to know . `` When Winston discovers a little personal freedom , he is amazed . Delving further , he carries on a love affair . But this is all forbidden . Officials try to brainwash him into giving up his free will , using torture , sleep deprivation , and psychology -LRB- finding out what he fears most -RRB- . Finally they make up give up not only his free will , but his reason . The interrogator holds up two fingers and gets Winston to say he is holding up three fingers.One can hear the chilling line in today 's world
 Certainly not a book for high school kids -LRB- I wish teachers were assigning more age-appropriate books -RRB- . I first read it at 17 , and that was too early . One of the greatest masterpieces of world literature . The book is too complex and multi-faceted to be discussed here . Indeed , it is like a Rorschach test - everyone finds something of oneself in it , or projects on it something that is not there . I would just like to correct some gross misinterpretations .1 -RRB- This is not a prediction . Maybe Orwell should 've called it `` Any year '' . The year 1984 came up simply because he took the number of the year when he was writing -LRB- 1948 -RRB- and reversed the last two digits . This book is not a prediction , it is a warning and a description .2 -RRB- This is not a satire or an exaggeration . OK , maybe to a small extent -LRB- governments still can not read people 's thoughts -RRB- . It is certainly not a fiction about a made-up world and it is not just a philosophical musing on life and humanity . While to the people in the West it might sound exaggerated or absurd , to those from the Communist world it is very precise and factual . Orwell is the only Western writer who got a true description of totalitarian communist reality . He got it perfect down to tiny details , such as the absence of razor blades .3 -RRB- This is certainly about Communists , but it is more than just about Communists . By the time he wrote it , Orwell was not a communist any more . He was not a Trotskyite -LRB- in Animal Farm Trotsky/Snowball is just as much a pig as Stalin/Napoleon -RRB- . He was not a socialist or an anarchist . He was an individual beyond labels . 1984 is a book about totalitarianism in whatever form and under whatever label .4 -RRB- This is not about all of us . One has to make distinctions . Modern U.S. is far from an Orwellian society , surveilance cameras and political correctness nonwithstanding and whatever paranoids might think . Most of the newspeak in the West is self-imposed
 George Orwell , whose real name was Eric Blair , was nearly alone amongst British socialists in his ability to see through the socialist rhetorical fog and saw that Russia 's Stalin was not a socialist but an anti-socialist tyrant . George Orwell was to British socialism what Robert Higgs is to American conservatism . Higgs can see through the propaganda and information warfare propagated by the British sleeper cell in Washington and he sees George W. Bush as the anti-American , anti-conservative monstrous tyrant that he is.Orwell , who worked for the BBC during World War II and was therefore quite familiar with the state 's disinformation methods in support of information warfare , could see right through Stalin 's disinformation as easily as Higgs can see through Bush 's today . Bothersome to Orwell was his fellow socialists refusal to see the truth on Stalin or that Soviet Communism was actually a betrayal of socialism . Orwell wrote `` Animal Farm '' just to make this point . Yet too many socialists remained duped over Stalin just as too many conservatives remain duped today by George W. Bush and his army of word-pushers . So Orwell set out to write `` 1984 '' to explain to us how people are duped by statist techniques of information warfare ; how people can believe `` WAR IS PEACE '' ; and how socialists were duped by Stalin . He drew heavily upon his experiences at the BBC where he had signed the Official Secrets Act barring him from mentioning anything he had done . So he set the novel in the future and maintained that any similarities were pure coincidence in order to cover himself from being charged with violating the Official Secrets Act.In 1984 , there is a dreary monotony of provision in society rather than a vibrant free market ; the heavy hand of the state has stunted everything . Food is bland and often rationed . Technical innovations are controlled by the state ; two-way wall-sized televisions spy on people ; the Thought Police -LRB- a futuristic version of Homeland Security , or is it vice-versa ? -RRB- monitors thoughtcrime . Hidden microphones add to their NSA-like arsenal of state control and state terrorism.The novel 's main character is Winston Smith - nearly forty and one of the few remaining humans that can remember having parents , who had sacrificed their lives to the state so that the youthful Winston may have a chance at life . He works for the State as a wordpusher , rewriting current events and even history books - turning history into `` his story '' . Yet , he is society 's few remaining yet hidden libertarians - a person who thinks and feels for himself . Watched always , he must remain on guard to never betray any emotion.The plot centers around Winston meeting a female supporter of the Party whose hidden agenda is much more hedonistic . They have a relationship between them , at the risk of all . In fact , they know their relationship is doomed and their actions to be suicidal . The heavy weight of the state looming over their heads is tragic . Like an Iraqi or Afghan today , they never know when the crushing weight of the state will descend.In the end , the state catches up with the two individualists . They are arrested and sent to a type of Guantanamo Bay where Winston is finally broken by his fear of rats - `` Do it to Julia ! Do it to Julia ! Not me ! Julia ! I do n't care what you do to her ... Not me ! Julia ! Not me ! '' . Winston lost his love for Julia - his ability to sacrifice himself on behalf of another . Yet through sacrifice lies our hope.Pynchon 's Foreward is awesome
 Is n't it eerie how the Patriot Act could have come straight out of this masterpiece ? Do n't we have people in jails right now in Gitmo , people who have been detained for no legal reason , except they might be `` terrorists ? '' Does n't the government now have the right to tap our phones and spy on us without a court order -LRB- a la Big Brother -RRB- ? Many people thought this book was silly when the actual 1984 came and went without this apocalyptic vision becoming reality . However , 20 years later , you ca n't read this classic without getting a familiar chill down your spine as a `` president '' tries to find imaginary weapons while seemingly rewriting history ? If any English teacher wants to assign this book in 2003 , they can find plenty of real world parallels to it , which should get the kiddies ' attention !!!!
 So powerful and yet still so relevant . Shows you power of independent thought .
 1984 offers a brilliant foreshadowing of the world we are coming to . The inhabitants of Airstrip One , or London , are constantly under the watchful eye of Big Brother , the semi-divine and metaphorical leader of the party . All citizens of Oceania , one of three superpowers in the world -LRB- the other two being Eastasia and Eurasia -RRB- worship Big Brother . The slogans of the party are War is peace , Freedom is slavery , and Ignorance is strength . You can see all of these things in today 's America . George Bush told the nation that he was entering into a very long term war that would lead to peace in the middle east . Sound familiar ? Meanwhile , the government , in order to ultimately protect our rights , has passed bills such as the Patriot Act , which allows the government to tap into our phone conversations and even enter and search our homes without a warrant . This clearly and directly infringes on our fourth amendment rights , which states `` The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause ... '' And in today 's society , there is certain knowledge that the general public is better off not knowing about . Who knows what the government is really up to ? But if the general public knew all of the coverups the government has committed over the decades , the nation would panic and riot . The three slogans of the party , as predicted by George Orwell are very true today.The citizens of Oceania all believe in the party and in its slogans . They all wear blue overalls and conform to the party 's principles . Much of the book is a shot at communism . This is evident in the fact that there are no laws in Oceania , yet you can be put to death for exercising free speech . Here Orwell was attempting to point out the hypocrisy of communism , the whole idea of `` do your own thing , but only within what your comrades limit you to , '' and I think he succeeded.In Airstrip One , there are four ministries which are the headquarters of the party . They are the Ministry of Love , the Ministry of Truth , the Ministry of Peace , and the Ministry of Plenty . One of the main principles of the party , Doublethink , is in full effect here . Doublethink is the practice in which someone simultaneaously believes two contradictory things for the benefit of the party . It is a common practice for any party loyalist . This applies to the ministries because they each concern themselves with just the opposite of their names . Love with torture , truth with lying , peace with war , and plenty with poverty . A loyalist must be able to practice doublethink because often times the party will state two contradictory things both as truth , and you must believe everything the party says . Doublethink is a fundamental practice of a partymember.But there is one man in the book who does not conform to this way of life . His name is Winston Smith . All through his life , he knew something was wrong with the way the world was . He would try to think back to when the world was n't like this but he could never remember it . He knew that the party was not infallible as was the common belief . He stood and cheered at the news of a victory by the Oceanian army , but his heart was never in it . He thought he was alone.Then he met a young woman . He hated her because of her party pride . She proudly wore her Junior-Anti sex league sash and imploded at the sight of Emmanuel Goldstein , the leader of an association of anti-party advocates . But after a while he finds that she 's not what she seems ... Ok . If you 're still reading this , which you 're probably not , I 'm not going to give away any more . But I strongly suggest that everyone read this book . It not only got me way into politics and the Libertarian cause for individual freedom , but it changed my life . Peace and go to www.lp.org
 so i assume everyone already knows what an amazing book 1984 is , and if you do n't , well , in case you have n't figured it out based on how this sentance has begun , it is . amazing that is . read it , it 's great . the deal with this version is that pynchon wrote the intro , and that 's what i 'm looking at here.so , i was rather , as it were , stoked about this coming out . pynchon is one of my favourite authors , and to have him writing the intro for such an important book was , to say the least , an enticing concept . well , unfortunately , i really did n't think much of his intro . basically , the biographical information is presented in a rather dry and uninspiring tone , and the philosophical aspects seem , in the worst sense of the word , academic . it provides a somewhat interesting picture of socialism 's evolution and existence , but , ultimately , i found it failing in its -LRB- presumed -RRB- goal of introducing the work at hand . moreover , i found it rather wanting for pynchon 's personal style . basically , i 'd recommend checking this out of the library for a reading , but if you already own a copy of 1984 , do n't bother picking this up as a second for the sake of the intro , it is , unfortunately , not worth it . on the other hand , if you do n't already own 1984 , get two , they 're cheap .
 With the advancement of Homeland Security here in the United States we are beginning to see the onset of a true big brother . The number of agencies FBI , CIA , INS , and other alphabet soup organizations are now cross matching databases . They are gathering information from local municipalities and those that are in the system , better not have anything to hide.September 11th accelerated the path that we were already on . I hope that some sanity is also metered out in the process.After being a futures author , investor , and broker for the past 11 years , one of the glaring points in the book is how statistical data is constantly being modified and rewritten to serve who will benefit from the moment . I just hope that these `` mistakes , misquotes , and misinformed '' changes never occur in such a draconian fashion.Great book . Everyone should have a copy on their shelves .
 1984 is my favorite book . Its not just its prophetic insight , or its plots many twists and turns , its just that it is equally profound and entertaining . Sure there are a lot of profound books , and yes , there are many entertaining books , but this book is both . Its one of those books that you finish reading and you just cant stop thinking about . `` What 's for dinner ? '' `` Who cares , I just read 1984 , food 's not important . '' Its unpredictable , its innovative and creative , and its captivating ; all while making very good political points . Theres much more I could say , but I think this does it justice .
 1984 was such an amazing book I do n't even feel worthy to write a review of it . I feel that I lack the writing skills to fully summarize Orwell 's masterpiece . I also feel I lack the ability to write a review about this book without hitting every possible cliche used to describe it , such as it being `` Orwell 's masterpiece '' or that `` 1984 is as timely now then it was then . `` It 's odd , though , that my school never had me read this book . It 's that book my teachers would always mention , but never put it in the curriculum . It really is a long read and I know that students today would object to that . And hell , in school I barely read , so I 'd definitely object to it . But this year I 've been struck with a burning desire to read , and read I have.I 'm not going to elaborate what this book is about , since it 's pretty well known . Even I had a basic idea of the plot years before I read it.All I can say is it 's the most captivating book I 've read . Never have I felt such empathy for the protagonists of the book , nor ever felt such hatred for the antagonists . The ending really brought out my emotions . Meaning , I did n't put it down and go `` Oh , it 's over . '' I put it down and said `` Why is it over ? `` It 's a beautifully written book . I do n't think we 'll ever have another author like Orwell , who 's hatred of dictatorships and oppressive regimes and hypocrisy was poured into his two most famous novels , Animal Farm and 1984 .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- As for Orwell , I recommend `` Keep the Aspidistra Flying '' more highly than `` 1984 '' . But if you must read something dreary , Kafka is more profound and more imaginative -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . nston believes that there is another man who believes that the party is a fraud , his name is O?Brian . He helps them join into the brotherhood . The only problem with all of this is that they are all being watched and heard by the telescreens that are set up everywhere . The party has set up divisions within themselves to stop such things as thought crimes , and other things . Anything could give you away may it be a twitch , or your heart beats too fast . The type of conflict in the story is person vs. society ; it is Winston and some of his friends against the world . I think that this book is really good and shows some of the conflicts that we face in our own lives today . Sometimes we feel like we want to get away from it all , but we are still being watched . We still end up finding places that we think are safe to speak our minds and safe to act as we wish but find that we are still being watched and being seen . In the book Winston and Julia think that they have found the perfect place to be alone and do as they please but find that they are still not by themselves , they are still watched which is the cause of there downfall . The book showed a relation to Christianity because of the fact that there was a higher power that no one could see or touch , but all felt was there . The Big Brother character of the book is like a god to the people of London in the story . Winston and Julia are the ones who feel like the party has too many rules and can not be tolerated . Just like in life , a lot of people feel that Christianity has too many rules and is too overpowering . Christianity is a force like the party , it will never be defeated , and it will always be there . In the book Winston feels like the proletarians -LRB- common people outside the party -RRB- are the only ones who could defeat the party . I think the proletarians are like us , we just accept Christianity and do not question it . We figure that God is a force that should not be reckoned with so we do not object to it . Only a few people think that Christianity is untrue like how Winston feels about the party . 1984 was written in a 3rd person point of view and in a very descriptive point of view . I would give this book a rating of eight on a scale of one-ten , one being the highest and ten being the lowest . It showed how life could have been in 1984 , although almost none of the things were accurate it still showed the conflicts of life , and the conflicts of trying to be different . I recommend this book to any one from twelve to any age over that . It is a tough book to read because of all the in depth description of everything but should be read by everyone .
 Eric Blair 's 1984 is not only his finest work but also one of the most influential and provocative books of our time . The work obviates to us to full actuality how the world had evolved for the worse during the dark period from 1932 to 1949 . Winston Smith and O'Brien are the most important characters whose keystone dialogue raises alert for the prospect of human future.Prophecy or Caution?While we might prefer to interpret `` 1984 '' as a precautionary tale or some social warning , bloodshed , warfare , massive torture and murder , not to mention Stalin 's cruelty , the Nazi mechanized techniques of organized massacre , the Cambodian , the Iranian and the Iraqi , the North Korean , and all the other countless horrors , have inevitably to a certain degree changed `` 1984 '' from caution to warning , further elevating the work to a 20th century prophecy.Despair about Future of ManA sense of hopelessness about the future of man hovers over the book . In a way `` 1984 '' is an expression of such a hopeless mood about the bleak future of man . It warns readers that unless the course of history -LRB- and leaderships -RRB- changes men all over the world will forfeit most of their human qualities and become soulless automatons without being aware of the depravity.In the Winston Smith-O'Brien dialogue , `` Imagine a boot stamping on the human face-forever '' might have exaggerated the current state of human soulness . The 20th century history has confirmed and fulfilled dehumanized practices as mentioned in `` 1984 '' like 24/7 surveillance of all sounds , activities , and conversations ; deprivation of freedom of speech , penitence for thought crime and wiping out of existence and memory and thus forfeiting any way to make appeal to future . For example , a Party member lived from birth to death under the eye of the Thought Police . Even when he was alone he could never be sure he was alone . Wherever he may be , he could be inspected without warning and without knowing that he was being inspected.The Party tacitly encouraged prostitution as such outlets for instincts that could not be altogether suppressed . This unforgivable crime was promiscuity between Party members in order to remove all pleasure from sexual act . Even to his wife , a Party member was expected to have no private emotions and no respites from enthusiasm . A real romantic love affair was all it took to crumple the Party . Desire was deemed thought crime , which entailed death.The Party saw that it was not infallible and that all its belief rested on the omnipotent Big Brother . It therefore called for an unwearying , moment-to-moment flexibility in the treatment of facts-alteration of the past and rewrite of history in order to wipe out existence of certain human beings and historical facts . It was not merely that speeches , statistics , and records of every kind must be constantly brought up to date in order to show that the predictions of the Party were in all cases accurate . It was also that no change of doctrine or in political alignment could ever be admitted . Whatever the Party held to be truth was truth . It was impossible to see reality except by looking through the eyes of the Party.Notwithstanding the Party contrived to have its way and imbued the belief in people , how could the Party control people 's memory ? The Party had wiped out most of the older generation during the great purges and the few who survived had long ago been terrified into complete intellectual surrender -LRB- sounds familiar like the Chinese Cultural Revolution ? -RRB- When memory failed and written records were falsified , the claim of the Party to have improved the conditions of human life had got to be accepted , because there did not exist , and never again could exist , any standard against which it could be tested . `` 1984 '' is meant to be read as a warning , an exhortation , and not so much prophesy . However exaggerated and haunting the negative utopia is being depicted , the book is a startling work of an imaginary world that is convincing . 4.0 stars .2004 -LRB- 4 -RRB-
 1984 is indeed one of the best books I have read , its a books that got you thinking about the events happening around you and getting you to arrive to your own conclusions . I do not think that a long continnous read is desired for this book , its a book that should be read in smaller sections and then * absorbed * , rather then in a long contineous run which in the end the reader fails to grasp the smaller more important details of the book.In visiting literary post boards , and from people 's reactions in school -LRB- high school that is -RRB- , I have noticed many people fail to see the clear difference between Bigbrother-ism and communism.Is Communism the same thing as Bigbrother-ism ? To be frank , the answer would be an stern no.If you have paid enough attention to Emmanuel Goldstein 's essay on `` War is Peace '' -LRB- chapter 3 of Goldstien 's book -RRB- you should have noticed that the constant warfare is support by the government of the 3 powers -LRB- Oceania , Eurasia and Eastasia -RRB- because without constant warfare a hierarchical society would cease to exist ! The goal of communism is certainly not the existance of a hierachical socieity , but rather the elimnation of one.Stalinism , Maoism and perhaps even Leninism is not true communism , but a distorted version of communism , Stalinism , one can honestly say , is something that resmbles Bigbrother-ism . The constant warfare , as explained by Goldstein , is to prevent the build up of WEALTH in the general people . If WEALTH was evenly distrubuted , then POWER would be impossible to remain to a small privileged elite , therefore in order to have power , warfare is needed to take away wealth from the people and spent on military purposes . Therefore , one would be utterly mistaken to think of communism -LRB- the word `` commune '' as base -RRB- as the same thing as Bigbrother-ism . What Orwell offers us in 1984 is not something completely fantastic but very much likely to occur in the near future . Keeping secrets from the general masses , lies and propganda and the distoration of certain truths exists in all of the powerful `` democratic '' states . Orwell 's Big brother simply goes a step beyond the conventional control and offers us a view of extreme control , in which only a small amount of people actually notices it . Rather , the general mass accepts it and whole-heartedly welcomes it -LRB- same as some of the general masses today -RRB- , a very horrific thing to see.All in all , Orwell 's book offers us a great , relavent story and desveres to be read by all who has an interest in our political future .
 This is a great book . The book is full of suspense , you never really know what is going to happen next . It is also scary that someone would predict the future to be so negative and it is even worse that some things in the book are actually happening today . The author really brings the to life book by using good diction . Overall , I immensely enjoyed this book and I believe it is a must read for all people .
 1984 is probably the most bonechilling novel I have ever read . It is n't even a cheap thriller either . A true testiment of the reality of human nature and that of the future . I cried at parts . Everybody should read this book at sometime in their life or they will be missing out on a chance to really understand how frightening Bolshevism could have been . I would also like to say that you should n't read this book to young or you will be shocked and you will also not fully understand it .
 In light of our current climate , a totalitarian government , the ministry of truth , newspeak , doublethink and the thought police seem chillingly real and not too far removed from our present circumstance . Inspite of the stark , cold , lonely world which Orwell warns us about , Winston , the main charecter shows us the real strength and ultimate weakness of human nature.It is a strong thought provoking and yet extremely touching work of genius.This is one of those books , which you will want to read again and againAs Orwell said `` during times of universal deceit , telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act ''
 George Orwell wrote 1984 to show us his grim view on what shape life would take by the year 1984 . Orwell not only wrote about the world of the future , but also stood out by writing his idea of the supremely successful , and everlasting government , the anti-Utopia . Within the story Orwell created the Brother Hood , an evil organization with advanced technology and the desire for power , even at the expense of sanity . Winston , the main character of the story , is a comrade under the Brother Hood . He turns out to be quite the odd man out , since Winston is always seeking for some sort of salvation from the evil grasp of the Brother Hood . Since the Brother Hood watches everyone in Oceania , the country Winston lives in , twenty-four hours a day through two-way telescreens , all personal and social lives of its countrymen are eliminated . The Brother Hood skillfully takes apart all connections between its citizens , leaving them weak and alone , also preventing them from rebellious organization . The Brother Hood destroyed the bonds between family members by instilling pure fear , the fear that your spouse , or even your child will turn you in for thought crime . To commit a thought crime , it would have to appear that your mind is thinking in some way that is opposing the Brother Hood and Big Brother 's , the supreme ruler of the Brother Hood , bests interests . This is the Brother Hoods way of controlling what you think ; giving them the power to break a man 's sanity , and mold him in any way they please . This society formed as the anti-Utopia has one advantage over other ruling parties , it does not promise love and equality for its citizens in the end , but sets forth to create hate , separation , and total inequality among people , making their rule everlasting and indestructible .
 _ Yeah . So I was bored . I picked this book up and read it cover to cover.When I finished , I was sortof angry , to be truthful . I was mad at the author when I read the ending . I wanted , y' know , a black-and-white storybook-type finale and was pissed when it did n't come . Yup.But after my temper had cooled and I pitched a couple pillows around the room -LRB- not literally , whaddya think I am , insane ? -RRB- , I sat down to think about what the author was trying to say with his book . And now I am really happy with the way he concluded the tale . Yeah , I know . I sound like one of those annoying English Teachers with their `` What does this Symbolize '' questions -LRB- no offense to all you teachers out there -RRB- . But seriously . This book reminded me of all that BullS *** propaganda pervading countries around the world - And YES , that includes the US . The `` Big Brother is Watching You '' that runs throughout Orwell 's book reminds me a bit of good ol' Uncle Sam , y' know ? Which is kinda freaky.Anywho . READ THIS BOOK !! You can yell at me afterwards if ya did n't like it , but give it a chance . PLEASE !! I disagree with these -LRB- * cough * STUPID * cough * -RRB- critics writing on Amazon who are saying that only old folks will like this book . WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO SAY ?!? I 'm 15 and I liked it . What am I saying ... I did n't like it ... I - L-O-V-E-D - it ! I 'm a highschooler -LRB- we tend to have short attention spans sometimes -RRB- . GIVE THE BOOK A TRY !!! for me ? -LRB- ca n't you just imagine those little puppy dog eyes begging you to read this book ? -RRB- TRY THE BOOK !!!
 Ce livre relate la vie d'un homme banal , mais libre-penseur , qui est confin&eacute; dans le noir portrait d'une soci&eacute;t&eacute; totalitaire . Comment vivre dans un monde o&ugrave; la moindre id&eacute;e , le moindre geste qui ne correspondent pas &agrave; la ligne de pens&eacute;e du r&eacute;gime sont violemment r&eacute;prim&eacute;s par la police de la pens&eacute;e ? Et surtout comment &eacute;viter l'Oeil de Big Brother , qui vous regarde , vous &eacute;coute , vous &eacute;pie o&ugrave; que vous soyez ? 1984 , c'est le parcours tumultueux d'un homme qui veut &eacute;chapper &agrave; la r&eacute;alit&eacute; , et qui fera tout pour &eacute;viter les nombreux tentacules de Big Brother , qui contrle tout un empire de propagande.Ce livre constitue un ouvrage incontournable pour tous les hommes et les femmes libres de notre temps . Il d&eacute;peint avec tant de justesse un &eacute;ventuel monde totalitaire qu ' &agrave; la fin du roman , on doute ... Offrant un parall&egrave;le magistral avec l'ancien r&eacute;gime communiste de l'Union sovi&eacute;tique , 1984 est un classique inqui&eacute;tant qui fait r&eacute;fl&eacute;chir , et qui donne froid dans le dos .
 I wo n't say that Orwell was ahead of his time , because 1984 came and went without any domineering governments popping up , but this is still a brilliant book . It follows the life of Winston Smith , who edits history to serve `` the Party '' and its needs . THe Party controls every aspect in peoples ' lives , watching and listening as much as possible . Nonetheless , Winston begins a love affair with a co-worker , knowing only too well the ramifications of doing so . 1984 also provides some interesting insights about how weak memory when compared to facts , or what everybosy says are facts . A true classic of 20th Century Literature .
 Orwell 's 1984 is one of the sharpest , cruelest and smartest books ever written . It critisezes the communist idiology , the way it was practiced in the former USSR . Although in those days few people outside Russia knew the horrors of life under Stalin 's regume , Orwell draws the most correct picture of this life . Once a communist himself , he is not afraid to talk harshly of the ideas he once supported.But the book is n't about the Soviet regime in particulare , it 's about dictatorships of any kind , that 's what makes him very relevant today . An interesting plot and a tasteful touch of sarcasm .
 I read this book in 1954 when 1984 was thirty years in the future.The book scared the hell out of me . But I kept re-reading it . The other day , I sat down and opened this book again.It still scares the hell out of me.Democracy and the free market are such sweet pastries . Freedom of thought is like the first zip of coffee with the first bite of the chocolate donut.This novel is cold and chilling . It has no warm fuzzies to soften the blow . This is serious stuff . George Orwell rang the alarm and it is still ringing.This is a nightmare lingering in the midnight moving shadows where your eyes do n't want to go .1984 still lies creeping in the future , sleeping in the cold puddles in the dark nights just outside your window .
 This book is about a society that does n't exist . This society is evil and strict . In this world you have no privacy . Thinking is a crime . There is no freedom whatsoever.Winston Smith is the main character . He is the readers eye into this world . Luckily for you , he 's a very interesting chap . This guy has a diary ! That 's not illegal , but it 's punishable by death . Nothing is illegal . The government is called the Inner Party . These shady guys operate the whole society . The use strange techniques like doublethink . They can change the past.Big Brother is a major theme in this book . He 's the scary face watching over everything . There are 4 ministries . The Ministry of Love deals with Hate . The Ministry of Peace deals with War . The Ministry of Plenty deals with the economy . The Ministry of Truth deals with news , entertainment , education , and the fine arts . These are all coined Minitrue , Minipax , Miniluv , and Miniplenty.This is a heart-wrenching book . It 's very suspenseful . It 's also unbelievable in some respects . Telescreens ? Can you imagine being watched all the time ? In the future it 's possible . The unbelievable thing is that the government keeps changing the past . Smith is in this department . All he does is constantly change facts to suit Big Brother 's agenda.The end of the book is frightening . If you have n't read 1984 and read everything above , I already gave you the main gist . Does that mean my little review substitutes the book ? Of course not . There are many juicy parts I saved for you potential readers . The end is a really cool ending . There 's also a little naughtiness , if you know what I mean.Anyway , 1984 is a book that I had to read for school . I was assigned a hundred pages . I thought that was a lot . It turned out that I finished the book ahead of schedule . Enough about me , I want you all to read this book . I think it 's a book you should n't pass up . It may be the world in the future .
 Let me tell you about one of my favorite books ever . The book is George Orwell 's `` 1984 . '' It had been sitting on my bookshelf for several years but until recently I had deemed it too `` boring '' to read . It was only this summer , having nothing else to read in its stead that I began a full-hearted attempt to read this book.How wrong I was about its supposed dullness . By the first few pages I was hooked , trapped in the year 1984 as Winston Smith . I was unable to escape the ever-watchful eye of the telescreens that were in every room , watching every move I made , studying my face for any emotion that might flicker across it
 This is my first time writing a review , and i 'm not going to bother writing a synopsis because other people before me have taken the liberty in doing so . Whats the point in a synopsis ? Read the book and absorb it , try and see the parallels . For those of you who might view this book as some communist/socialist manifesto it actually really isnt . The book spoke bluntely to me , further solidifying in my mind what is happening in our present time and the path we are paving towards the future
 This is my first time writing a review , and i 'm not going to bother writing a synopsis because other people before me have taken the liberty in doing so . Whats the point in a synopsis ? Read the book and absorb it , try and see the parallels . For those of you who might view this book as some communist/socialist manifesto it actually really isnt . The book spoke bluntely to me , further solidifying in my mind what is happening in our present time and the path we are paving towards the future.Written in 1949 a few decades before the advent of the personal computer and worldwide networks . Orwell lacked the means of explaining the technology by which `` big brother '' was able to keep a watchful eye via the tv . He touched briefly on the two way communication capability . If you relate that to present day . The computer is what he would have meant if the book was written a bit later . If you havent noticed , computers , high speed internet , multimedia accessories , etc are all being thursted apon us . We reach out for it willingly as means of entertainment . Will we ever get to a point when we are required to have such things by law so we can be monitored ? I doubt people will fuss over it either , they 'll accept it willingly . Just as we accept walking through security checkpionts at airports that violate our personal privacy -LRB- referring to the latest see through scanners -RRB- . Yet we do so willingly , because of fear caused by `` terrorist '' . Tell the sheep its for their own protection that a wolf is gaurding them from others much like himself and they shall be content . We shed our freedom bit by bit , until we become happy secure little drones . Long live the empire ...
 This is my first time writing a review , and i 'm not going to bother writing a synopsis because other people before me have taken the liberty in doing so . What 's the point in a synopsis ? Read the book and absorb it , try and see the parallels . For those of you who might view this book as some communist/socialist manifesto it actually really isnt . The book spoke bluntely to me , further solidifying in my mind what is happening in our present time and the path we are paving towards the future.Written in 1949 a few decades before the advent of the personal computer and worldwide networks . Orwell lacked the means of explaining the technology by which `` big brother '' was able to keep a watchful eye via the tv . He touched briefly on the two way communication capability . If you relate that to present day . The computer is what he would have meant if the book was written a bit later . If you havent noticed , computers , high speed internet , multimedia accessories , etc are all being thursted apon us . We reach out for it willingly as means of entertainment . Will we ever get to a point when we are required to have such things by law so we can be monitored ? I doubt people will fuss over it either , they 'll accept it willingly . Just as we accept walking through security checkpionts at airports that violate our personal privacy -LRB- referring to the latest see through scanners -RRB- . Yet we do so willingly , because of fear caused by `` terrorist '' . Tell the sheep its for their own protection that a wolf is gaurding them from others much like himself and they shall be content . We shed our freedom bit by bit , until we become happy secure little drones . Long live the empire ...
 This is truly a great and important Novel ! The story that dared the world to behold its possible future during a time when the future was terrifyingly uncertain , still today holds its grip on the reader!Orwell could have been a tennis player , because he serves you up so perfectly with the heroic struggle of a man and woman against the omnipotent , ever-watchful State , and then smashes you into oblivion with the absolute destruction of any hope for a good ending or bright future.This book warns you as obnoxiously as the whistle of an approaching train of the dangers of absolute government that has technology at its disposal and ignorance its only adversary ! Many people believe that 1984 never happened because ' 1984 ' happened ... I would be inclined to agree . Read the powerful book ! It will Stun you , I promise !
 This book arrived very quickly and was in excellent shape . I will absolutely buy books from Amazon again . Thank you .
 I read this book just after I read Tales of Two Cities . How I wish I were still in College so I could write a paper that compares the two . It is interesting how a century after Tales another author can spring board into even more descriptive Existential details .
 The book was in perfect condition . I will say I expected it to get to me sooner as it was shipped from Florida the same day I ordered it and it took over a week to get to me in Florida .
 Every American should read this book ! It deeply touches the mind and heart ! - Levin is brilliant ! This book is well worth the money it costs , and worth the time taken to read it ! May our liberty and country have long life without tyranny !!!!!!!! Additionally , one can always count on Amazon to be prompt , careful , and considerate for its customers ... thank you .
 This book is the most amazing , influential , disturbing , wonderful , and sickening , nightmarish , fantastic book I have ever read in my life.Don ' t read this review . Read the book . now , by whatever means .
 I recently re-read 1984 . I can count on one hand the books I 've re-read in their entirety of my own volition , so that should tell you something about what I think of it.I 'll resist the urge to draw current political parallels and just say that the way Orwell portrays how a collective autocracy intent on nothing but preserving its own dominance can erode individuality fascinates and terrifies me like little else I have ever encountered . Reading this book is a permanent loss of innocence . You leave it sadder and wiser -- but a lot sadder than wiser .
 THIS IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE BOOK !!!! I was born in 1987 , so reading about what someone thought the world was going to be like now in 1949 was very interesting . George Orwell is me favorite author and this is one of his best . If someone is considering buying this book - do ! you 'll be glad you did .
 In a terrifying atmosphere of totalitarianism , Winston meets Julia , and a romance begins . What follows is a description of the triumph of human depravity . The government , which seeks power for its own sake , destorys any human relationship that can be interpreted as a conflict of loyalty . Everybody must be made to love Big Brother , even if the cost of this love is the loss of dignity , freedom , and common sense . Based on Stalinist Russia , Orwell 's novel certainly has broader implications and is a warning against complacently accepting what is being presented to us as real by the powers that be.The book starts slowly . Orwell tries to set an ominous mood for his readers . Unfortunately , Orwell is best when he does not try to write around too much and goes straight to the point . So I recommend that you press on , even if at the outset the book is not terribly exciting . You wo n't find many characters in this book , but those you do find are done pretty well by Orwell . The thrust of the book is , of course , social and political . It makes you think . For example , why ca n't something like this really happen , let 's say in 2084 ? The answer to this , in my opinion , is not simple . Orwell gave us a warning . We would be fools not to heed it .
 This book caught my attention by the first paragraph . I had HUGE trouble putting it down . The only thing that got me to put it down was the fact that I wanted it to last ! This is by far the best book I 've ever read . George Orwell put great thought into every aspect of this book . The most amazing thing is the technology that he accurately predicted like the SpeakWrite -LRB- program in which you speak into a microphone , and it types up what you 're saying -RRB- . If you like this book , you will probably like Clockwork Orange , and vise versa . They both have reminitions of Communism ruling the world -LRB- which was a great fear and quite controversial idea for that time -RRB- , and they both have new languages , brutal police , and strong governments.My only warning , is that this book contains parts that can depress the easily depressable -LRB- like myself -RRB- . So read it , and enjoy !
 1984 excellently depicts a negative utopia , a world in which government is everything and everywhere , and individuality means nothing . A man named Winston rises up to find the truth and to see through the government coverups . Since the government is so allpowerful and corrupt , it allows such people as Winston to rise up just for the joy of crushing them and turning them into mindless believers . 1984 is like the other great negative utopias , Brave New World and Farenheit 451 , because in all books the governemnt controls all aspects of life . However , Brave New World uses material pleasures such as the drug somna to control it 's citizens , Farenheit 451 burns books to keep it 's citizens ignorant , and 1984 uses fear . In 1984 there are thought-police , people who can see you at any time through TVs , even in your own home . They would arrest those who would even just made ` face crime , ' or not supporting the government even through just one upset glance . These three books are very exciting and while these futures may or may not be happen , it shows us that the human spirit will always strive for knowledge and individualism , even against impossible odds .
 A wake up call !! This eerily prophetic book should serve as warning to all of the horrors of collectivist totalitarianism and of the seductive snares that lead us there . This books best value is a warning against collectivist totalitarianism . It is all the more scary , because of the stark parallel between the trilateral blocs of Oceania , Eurasia and Eastasia and our world with the European Union and it 's developing superstate counterparts , the American Union and Asian Union .
 pobre winston , el hecho de que su memoria funcionara y de que no olvidara las cosas lo ponia en un grave peligro ... . y nosotros , que somos constantemente espiados a tarves del telefono , de la internet , de las camaras en las tiendas , eso a veces me pone a pensar que el autor no esta tan lejos de la realidad como podria parecer , si se siguen usando los avances tecnologicos para fines de vigilancia , terminaremos en una sociedad sin privacidad donde un hermano mayor siempre estara observando nuestros pasos paraque no nos descarriemos del camino que desde el momento de nuestro nacimiento se nos ha impuesto . al final , el protagonista sucumbe a su hermano mayor , cuidado los hermanos mayores nos vigilan pero no hagamos como winston , sigamos siendo unos rebeldes ... . LUIS MENDEZ crazzyteacher@hotmail.com
 The only book that I have read that scared me as much as `` Transfer-the end of the beginning '' by Jerry Furland . Just because one is paranoid it does n't necessarily mean that someone is n't really out to get you . In this case it is the government .
 The essence of 1984 that carries it beyond mere fiction is Orwell 's deep understanding of the totalitarian urge common to those who seek and wield political power . Today we stand at the brink of a technological society where the political levers of control and surveillance are far beyond Orwell 's darkest imaginings . All that prevents their implementation is the political calculus of the time . As Jerry Furland has shown so vividly in the novel `` Transfer '' the systems already exist to enslave each of us . We are left wondering when , not if , the political will to execute the final transfer to a new Utopia will occur . This is the dilemma of our modern age .
 Possibly only equalled by Brave New World , 1984 is a dystopia which unfalteringly relays the full horror of dictatorship and social manipulation to the reader . This magnificent novel has an almost perfect structure - Orwell has so delicately considered not only how this society could arise -LRB- offering detailed explinations of new social `` super powers '' and how dominace and political power could be successfully sustained -RRB- , but why . His successful attempt to offer the reader a philiosophy of the nature of humankind , eventually distilled to the nature of power , draws some disturbing , horrific conclusions . Orwell 's philosophy is that man dominates simply for the sake of power - the only , unchallenged reason . His unsettling final symbol of the new order - a man 's face being crshed by a boot - is a symbol not only of totalitarianism , but of political human misery , and all it 's destructive connotations . An extremely disturbing novel which must be read
 There are three novels I recommend to everyone , especially adolescents , to encourage critical thinking . These are Orwell 's ' 1984 ' , Rand 's ` Anthem ' -LRB- or ` Atlas Shrugged ' if you have the time -RRB- and Huxley 's ` Brave New World . ' Orwell 's vision of a totalitarian regime ruling its people under a microscope through propaganda and punishment is unfortunately realistic . It is also extremely well written . It is not chance that the symbolic `` Big Brother '' is so often referenced , feared , and loathed . Orwell christened a phenomenon
 Even if some people disagree with me , I will say this is one of the best books you can read . Everyone must read this book , it has the power to change your beliefs about the world .1984 goes deep to show you what the world COULD be like if a ruling party did all the right things to gain complete control over the populace . Your daily life monitored continuously , no rights to show individuality or freedom of speech , and constant fear of being whiped clean off the world if you did anything not in accordance with the Party , also known as Big Brother.I sure hope something like this does n't happen to us any time soon , not until I build my rocket ship to go to Mars and live in a cave.I would certainly recommend this book to you , for only 300 pages it is some good reading .
 I read George Orwell 's classic 1984 in High School , as a summer reading project . I still have that dog-eared and worn book sitting somewhere in my library , and I refer to it or quote from it quite often . It is haunting and horrifying . I both love it and hate it ; in many ways , I believe that is the reaction Orwell wanted a reader to have when he or she put down the book , having read those four , final words -LRB- for those who 've read the book , and understand it , you know exactly what I mean -RRB- . I remember asking a friend of mine in that high school what books she had read for the summer . 1984 was on her list as well , and she hated it
 1984 is an awesome book ! It changed my life . It will change yours .
 This book , which was George Orwell 's basic predicitions for what to come can have many different meanings . It all depends on you , the reader . Not only does it make you wonder if your trapped , or in a totaltarism kind of the world , but it then makes you think your glad your not . -LRB- or are we ? -RRB- I 'm only a teenager , but I have a tendency to question authority . This is one of the best books I have ever read . 1984 is filled with intellectual thoughts and ideas . Youi will definitly NOT regret reading this book .
 Why are you even spending time to read reviews of this book . Any educated individual should read this masterpiece . What a book , what an ending , what does our future really hold ?
 What simpleton compares `` 1984 '' to `` Brave New World ? `` New World is a simple morality tale about a world forced into conspicuous consumption . Yawn . 1984 is the frightening tale of a future gone awry , and a brutal government well aware of its intention to maintain power at all cost.We follow Winston , an editor with an odd job , rewriting history . Wiston is forced to `` double think '' his way through a life he knows is contrived to forever remain stagnant.As Winston ponders the present , the war weary remains of Oceania 's capital , London , he is forced to deal with memories of a very different past - and he fails to reconcile the two.Orwell 's eye is a magic thing . A reporter at heart , his eye for detail in fiction and reportage is awesome . While reading 1984 , one feels Orwell IS Winston , in his head and in his world . With any imagination it becomes easy to allow 1984 to become real , and Winston 's desperation your own.Orwell side steps silly sci-fi detail -LRB- that dopey Huxley embraces too readily . What is it with all the helicopters in `` Brave New World , '' anyway ? -RRB- and creates a desperate world that , though written 50 years ago , seems perfectly plausible now.This chilling masterpiece is a must read for anyone who ponders the delicate balance of power and politics . More so , this dark tome considers the loss of individuality in an increasing global society . At first blush , it is easy to dismiss 1984 as completely off the mark , but after some consideration , one is forced to concede that maybe nothing here is really improbably.A must read .
 This is THE most depressing book I have ever read . It 's just so hopeless . It actually made me CRY at the end . It 's a really good insight into collectivism and totalitarianism . Just an all around good book .
 More relevant than ever over 50 years after it was written.It is more frightening than any Steven King novel because this is where we are heading if we are not vigilant . Too many on the left are still hellbent in plunging us into a worldwide Orwellian nightmare . Just observe their obsessive Orwellism , where aggressors are defenders and defenders are aggressors , where justice is injustice and injustice is justice , where war is peace and peace is war , where freedom fighters are terrorists and terrorists are freedom fighters , and with its total lack of interest in facts and truth . Despite the chilling socio-political warning the book still shows us an endearingly poignant portrayal of humanity and love struggling to survive in totalitarian society which will not stop at anything to stamp out all that is good and compassionate . Next time you hear anyone refer to anything disparagingly as ` borgeois ' think of the alternative to love , honour , fair play and all the noble things that some brand ` bourgeois ' and therefore plan to destroy
 The book takes the manifestation of totalitarianism to the worst imaginable degree . George Orwell described a world where people are constantly under surveillance by its totalitarian government . By employing two-way televisions and police in civilian clothes , the government monitors people 's behavior , deed , and most frighteningly - their minds . No individualism is permitted , and anyone who remotely opposes the government will somehow be caught and completely distroyed.The idea of the book is as far-fetched as it is realistic . That 's what 's so haunting about the book . The described totalitarian practices may seem absolutely impossible , while when compared to the world we live in , we see more eerie resemblences than not . Moreover , the writing itself was splendid . The descriptions were so vivid that you literally feel yourself a persecuted citizen of the world described.On the negative end , perhaps in an effort to accentuate the point of atrocity of the negative utopia described , the author employed too much descriptions and time on the actual persecution process . The descriptions were grotesque at some points that you really have to have the stomach for it . My advice is , read it , but read it in small dosages . I read the second half of the book in one day , and was gravely depressed for three hours after I finished .
 Growing up , I did n't read many books purely out of interest -LRB- most were school-assigned -RRB- , but 1984 is one of the first I ever chose to read . I could not put it down . So much more than a fantasy or a sci-fi tale , it is so real . It says the ironic truths that governments throughout history were afraid to admit . Containing a language within a language -LRB- Newspeak -RRB- and a book within a book -LRB- Goldstein 's book -RRB- , I ca n't possibly regard anyone as being a literary genius above Orwell . He plays with readers ' minds , turns truths inside out , and turns paradoxes into perfect sense like no one else . Reading this book will make you a lot less naive about the world . After reading 1984 and Animal Farm , I will surely read everything else Orwell has written too .
 Orwell continues to grow in my heart and to be one of my all-time favorite writers , both because and in spite of this dark , dystopian masterpiece . It was definitely long overdue that I read this , and I am glad I did . Along with Animal Farm , this is considered his most noteworthy book . It is a scathing attack on authoritarian thinking and government , in which the reader is put in the middle of a bizarre and horrible totalitarian state . This is not a pleasure read , that is for sure . Orwell had a point to make , and he made it in a dark and doomy fashion . It was his last book ; he may have been feeling a little harsh from the tuberculosis that would kill him in 1950 . One can certainly appreciate the anger that Orwell , formerly an idealistic young leftist , felt toward Stalin 's USSR and the Third Reich . In this book he draws on those states to create a state so tolatarian that it dominates every aspect of human life . Probably the closes thing to it today is North Korea.A mid ` level propaganda functionary , Winston Smith , is the everyman thru whom we experience Oceania , one of the 3 states left in the world , along with Eurasia and Eastasia , who are also totalitarian . He works eliminating inconvenient stories and words from the archives when the word comes down from above . For in Big Brother 's Oceania , the past and language itself must be sanitized . Winston is starting to go a little bonkers , and he begins to rebel in very minor ways . It does not take much - there are Thought Police out there trying to catch those who are showing any sign of rebellion . Although the book sticks to Winston so closely that the POV is limited third person , his life and character are not really that significant . What really matters is the description of the political world that the characters inhabit . Orwell outlines the structures of Oceanian society - the four main ministries , the party and its members , the proles that make up the majority of the population . He describes Newspeak , a strangely computerized version of English in which unnecessary and undesirable words are being progressively eliminated . It is a world in which anybody could be a spy and almost anybody could be guilty of some sort of infraction and eliminated.The only thing that matters is power , says the party boss who busts Winston and tortures him , and the individual is nothing . All that exists is the glory of the state and the party . Orwell throws me for a loop here by -LRB- unintentionally , I think -RRB- incorporating aspects of Buddhist philosophy into the reasons for totalitarianism . This is a very dark vision , and I find myself wondering why it is still considered so powerful and relevant . The kind of government being attacked here has been discredited all over the world , yet the book seems to really stay in people 's minds . Perhaps its popularity is due to its being read by so many high school students . By depicting a nightmarish inversal of of the Western way of life , 1984 serves as an affirmation of that way of life .
 I read this book the first time if I remember right in the late 80s . Its still as great , and scary , as I remember it being . More or less you can combine 1984 , Huxleys Brave New World , and Camp of the Saints by Jean Raspail and you have a slightly exagerrated version of the world we live in now . Personally I believe that this book only partially came from Orwells imagination . He was involved in political movements to the point where he went to Spain and fought in the Spanish civil war , went to elitist Universities in England and wrote war time propaganda for the BBC so he had a view of the inside of elites and how they operate . Its such the cliche to say it but I believe this book was written as a warning .
 There should be no doubt Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is the gold standard for dystopian novels . It 's about a Totalitarian society that exists in the future from when it was originally published in 1949 -LRB- certainly in our future as well -RRB- . It 's popularly believed the inspiration for `` 1984 '' came from Yevgeny Zamyatin 's `` We '' , first published in 1924 , and there are similarities . Also , the suggestion , by others , that it 's the direction that current politics are leading the U.S. is no doubt contributing to the story 's renewed popularity . No matter the reasons , this story is frightening and depressing , but also a testament to the survivability of the human spirit . Prepare yourself though , `` 1984 '' will , without question , provide you a terrifying glimpse in a world bereft of personal freedom.I 'd forgo the foreword by Thomas Pynchon though . Read it , if you must , after you finish reading `` 1984 '' .
 Why do we continue to read `` 1984 '' ? It 's a gloomy story , with long segments of political and social theory . The characters show few really heroic or admirable qualities ; love is replaced by sex , sex is replaced by duty . Good does not triumph over evil and there is no happy ending . You close the book instead with a sense of futility and hopelessness.Why do we continue to read `` 1984 '' ? Because it serves as a warning - a reminder that we must resist when the state squelches conscience and replaces it with authority . A reminder of just how much good there is in the world , and what it means to think and to be human - and how empty the world would be if it all disappeared . And it 's a warning that there is a point of no return , after which it is too late to look for change.Let 's keep reading `` 1984 '' . Once it loses its entertainment value because it seems too much like real life , it will already be too late .
 The year was 1974 and I was a twelve year old Puerto Rican boy living in The Bronx where I would often see some of the older kids carrying this book around as part of their class reading assignment . I was immediately fascinated by the title . There was nothing particularly spectacular about the book 's appearance , merely the numbers 1984 in a font that was rather friendly looking with only the tiny black silhouette of a running man printed along the spine indicating only the vaguest hints of what was written within.I had recently discovered science fiction and my interest was piqued by a title set that far into the future -LRB- to a twelve year old boy anyway -RRB- and I reasoned that it must surely have been a science fiction novel and evidently a good one I reasoned since it was an assigned book in school.Those were the days before we had VCR 's -LRB- never mind DVDs and playable computer files -RRB- and as a twelve year old growing up in the Big Apple in that era I was pretty much at the mercy of adults as to what movies I saw and the few TV stations we had back then in regards to what science fiction they saw fit to broadcast . Since Star Wars and Alien were three and five years into the future you can imagine that there was a dearth of science fiction , most especially good science fiction . At that time I had only caught glimpses of 2001
 So what can I say about this book that has n't been said before ? Having read it I can see how it has become regarded as classic fiction . Of course the year 1984 has come and gone and many folks say had it been titled `` 2009 '' it would have been much more accurate . I chose this book because my son had to read it for school -LRB- I was never assigned this one myself -RRB- but I always felt I `` should '' read it . So I have now.For those of you who have n't read it , it is a complex novel but with a fairly basic plot . The protagonist , Winston Smith , is a functioning member of a society in the future who meets a woman he is attracted to . Much of the book surrounds their attempt to form a relationship in this society that just wo n't allow that sort of thing . Of course the real point and value of the novel is to illustrate where our current society may be headed if we do n't change course , a sort of anti-utopian -LRB- dystopian ? -RRB- novel . This book has brought us common terms such as `` Big Brother '' , `` doublethink '' , and `` thought police . '' There are long sections where Winston reads to his girl friend from the official government manual detailing how the society came to be as well as the evolution of the government-speak -LRB- `` Newspeak '' -RRB- language . I am glad that I 've read this novel but at the same time I ca n't say that I would ever want to read it again . My political/societal views are already pretty much cemented in place and this book , while thought provoking , did not change my views . I do agree that it should be studied at the High School level though , not only for its value to the world of literature but also as a way to kick start young people 's thinking on what a society should and should n't be .
 Only four years after his critically acclaimed Animal Farm , George Orwell came back with another masterpiece in the form of Nineteen Eighty Four . Orwell , a British author , is known for his hatred and disgust towards a totalitarian society and social injustice . This novel clearly demonstrates the impurities and chaos that are brought about by such a dystopian society.The story follows the life of Winston Smith , a state worker who has much secret hatred towards the `` Big Brother Society . '' In the world in which he lives , citizens are forced to follow the strict rules of the society . Their state , Oceania , is constantly monitored by the government and by Big Brother , their `` great '' ruler . In this totalitarian state , the ruler controls all of the actions of his people and even their minds . He does much of this through propaganda and slogans such as the now famous , `` Big Brother is watching you '' -LRB- 3 -RRB- . The rulers also are trying to dispose of all unneeded words in order to get rid of all unorthodox thought . Winston Smith is one of the very few who secretly rejects the society and its laws . He believes that he should live his life in a more free way because the end of his life is approaching soon . As a result , Winston has a surreptitious , illegal relationship with a co-worker , Julia . This is a large step for Winston because he knows what he is doing is a great offense , but he does feel very comfortable and safe when he is with her . For example , he states '' ... as they were actually in this room , they both felt , no harm could come to them '' -LRB- 152 -RRB- . Winston 's life goes from good to horrible very quickly , and he is forced to live out the rest of his existence in physical and emotional pain.The novel mocks the greed , selfishness , and utter craziness that an unstable government can cause if poorly run . Orwell shows through the odd and hectic life of Winston Smith . He grabs the reader 's attention with Winston 's secretive and mischievous acts . He describes the instability and corruption of a government at its worst . With Oceania being contently at war , one can recognize that the governments are constantly corrupt and the concept of having this `` Big Brother '' always watching over the citizens illustrates how the government has an unreasonable belief that citizens will rebel . After reading George Orwell 's masterpiece , I believe that `` Big Brother '' culture is not as far fetched as I originally judged . Orwell 's story completely changed the way I look at how a government can be run and makes me rethink how our country is being run now . Just a few bad decisions can cause chaos .
 War is PeaceFreedom is SlaveryAnd Big Brother is watchingThese are the slogans that the people in George Orwell 's book , 1984 . George Orwell does a great job of telling the story of Winston Smith 's life and how he goes through life rebelling against the government . He describes every setting with emence detail and it felt like I was right there with Winston going through his every day struggles to survive and remain in his eyes sane . The way Orwell conveyed the story through the diary as well as just writing it really worked well . The diary tells about Winston ` s character and how he reacts to life around him . I believe that when writing this story George Orwell wrote a book that is a great success.As a high school student I enjoyed 1984 . It challenged me to think outside of the box and more critically . To say that War is Peace and Freedom is Slavery and actually believe it causes one to question the meaning of certain things . In our world war is not peace and slavery is the opposite of freedom , so what could have led people to believe and just accept that these things are true . That is what 1984 truly explains , that humans can become brain washed into believing almost anything . The scary part about this is that it actually can happen as shown in the book through a series of torture and reeducating Winston was reformed into one who believed in what the Republic of Oceania believed . With propaganda , the party ruling over the people in 1984 can shape the minds of jst about anyone.In conclusion , 1984 is a well written , suspenseful story of a man who becomes the same as everone else . There is no room for individuality in the setting created by George Orwell . Everyone believes the same or are arrested and reformed !
 Orwell depicts a vivid portrayal of the ills of a totalitarian regime - even the consequences of government overreach in general . His society is the most extreme one imaginable created by a government with absolute power . While painting his picture of a dystopian world , Orwell links us into Winston Smith , the main character , an everyman who the reader is able to identify with . He is someone like us - an outsider in this totalitarian world , who is unable to completely submit his mind and will to Big Brother -LRB- the State -RRB- . We are able to experience the absolute control of the government through Winston 's eyes - its physical and psychological control of its subjects , to Winston 's expanding discontent , his rebellious acts and finally their destined consequences.Under this veil , Orwell demonstrates how weak and frail a totalitarian regime truly is . In order to control its subjects , Big Brother has to have absolute control of information - to even alter the past , to constantly control minds through propaganda , to create constant war to keep the society poor , and to use fear mongering -LRB- i.e. encouraging kids to rat out their parents to the thought police -RRB- to force its will on the people . It even uses language as mind control - whittling language away to limit thoughts and expressions . Ultimately , Big Brother is only able to force Winston to submit by torturing and brainwashing him into an empty shell like the rest of its subjects.This book is great for the high school reader and beyond - it is an easy read while allowing the reader to consider the implications of living in such a society . Its endurance is also impressive - this book was originally published in 1949 - the same work could be published today and be just as relevant .
 I am a big fan of science fiction . This book might be classified as such , as it was written to be set in the future when George Orwell published it in 1949 . But as time passes , this book is showing itself to not be so much of a story as it is a warning . There are already so many phrases from the book that we use , like Big Brother or Newspeak . And the way some governments are now does not bode well . This is a classic novel that more people should read as a warning , so that we can avoid this kind of dystopia .
 I read this book for fun -LRB- yeah , some of us still do that , even in the 9th grade -RRB- , and it turned out to be one of my all time favorites . I love science fiction novels , and this is one that hits me on many levels . A totalitarianistic future where everything you do is monitered , even your thoughts . One wrong thought , and you could end up in Miniluv -LRB- Newspeak for the Ministry of Love -RRB- . Orwell creates a world so believeable that I have dreamt about societies like that . Read this book , and always remember , Big Borhter is watching .
 In 1984 , Everything you do , everywhere you go can be detected an analysed . Some might say the tracking device built in to the new `` Pentium III '' processors which can report on where you visited and snitch on what you like to buy , is a step in this direction.Don ' t accept the popular view , look at ALL the evidence and make your own and die defending the right for you and others to do so .
 1984 , To us a year past ; to mankind , an unwanted future.Who are you if not your own thoughts , memories and emotions ? What is man without love ? `` 1984 '' shows us clearly that humanity is the freedom to say `` 2 +2 = 4 '' and the freedom to believe it . The book portarys a dark future for mankind where there is no past except that written by the rulers , mankind has no free thought and all basic vestiges of the human spirit have been systematically `` cut out and cauterised '' to serve one purpose , that the `` party '' should ` freeze time ' so that they can rule totally and brutally for ever with the object of power for powers sake.What if you feel you are the last vestige of humanity , but everything you do , everyone you speak to every twitch or drop of nervous sweat your body makes can be seen , heard and analysed . Where your only refuge is inside your own head and even then the thought police have just one objective , to track you and those like you down and to create you again in their own image .1984 - A future where humanity is not human , love is forbidden and power over others is enough reason in itself for having it.Beware - `` Big Brother is Watching You . ''
 This was an excellent book , and I recommend this to everybody . It held me in suspense till the very end . The way it makes you think emotional and psychologically about the love of Winston and Julia , and how Big Brother destoryed it . The mutual trust between Winston and the man he trusted and how it was broken , and the pain he suffered more mentally than physically really make you think . After reading this book , I am sure you will be pondering its agenda and reality for time to come , and you will learn to think of your own life and freedom.I recommend also `` Animal Farm '' by George Orwell Also an excellent look at communism .
 George Orwell 's masterpiece , 1984 , is a thoroughly astonishing look at a dystopian future - a `` negative utopia '' where free thought is a crime punishable by death . Winston Smith , an allusion both to Winston Churchill and to the common man -LRB- Smith being the most common English last name -RRB- , is a member of the Outer Party of the Republic of Oceania , and lives in London . His job is the rewriting of past records for the further glorification of `` Big Brother '' , a figurehead that has come to be synonomous with any activity of invasion of privacy by our own government . Stripped of the simplest rights , like the right to free speech or the right to record any events or possess any records of the past , 1984 is the story of Winston 's struggle to overturn both Big Brother and the ideas that he stands for . This book wo n't fail to impress , nor to depress - thoroughly sad at many different levels .
 It is hard to belive that a totalitarian government can happen , People say it ca n't , but in truth it has . George Orwell 's book has almost in a cense read the future . Take what happened in Stazi Germany , it is identical . And i belive that anyone who can guess at the future like that and be so right is deserving of some complement . And for the people out there who think that the readers of this book are all paranoied they are wrong . Read this book and then take a look around , how close are we really ?
 Fantastic !! This is a terrific novel for those who enjoy science-fiction . George Orwell uses satire to portray warfare as being `` the norm '' for the future . I would recomend this novel for people who wanted to see how others viewed the future in the past .
 Without a doubt , 1984 has to be one of the most intriguing books I have ever read . The frightening effects that totalitarian governments can have on the world are played out to the fullest extent in this book . Once I started reading , I could n't put it down !
 The first time I read this , it scared the heck out of me , and I thank god that this did not happen in 1984 , or anyother year for that matter . This is a chilling and scary look at a futuristic tolitarinism -LRB- I do n't think I spelled that right -RRB- society . This book is written so well that once you get started , you ca n't put it down . Great book !
 The book 1984 is undoubtedly on of the greatest books of all times and deals with many issues today . It covers areas such as privacy , alteration of the english language and freedom of thought . As the government in 1984 used Ingsoc to alter the meaning of words and limit them to total neutrality , so do the mondern day politicaly correct . The alteration of language is an alteration of thought and it is wrong . I recommend the book `` Straight and Crooked Thinking '' by T.H. Thouless to gain a true understanding of the english languge and how it affects the way we think .
 This is truly a spectacular composition , possibly the best work of George Orwell . The setting and the characters are so vivid and believable that you will not be able to put the book down until you finish . Full of suspense and surprise , it serves as a parody within an infinite moralic story . Readers who have enjoyed `` Animal Farm '' and `` Coming up for Air '' should not miss reading this classic masterpiece .
 Most of the people here are right , this book is NOT a prophecy . But the few who gave this book a bad review , say , one star , are mostly either trying to sound avant-garde , or give stupid reasons such as `` I like books that make me feel good '' . Well that 's your problem and it should n't affect your review of a book , that 's like a film critic who does n't like comedies giving a comedy a bad review for that reason . This makes no sense , because it 's not that you feel they are bad , it is just that they do n't interest you . Please be a bit better about this ...
 I 've read the book and found not only fun in it , but also deepness and complex political explanations . It is not only propaganda against communism , cause as everybody knows Orwell , in fact , liked communism ideals . It shows how individualism is smashed in a totalitarian society . I also recomend the animation movie AntZ . As many have seen it is not meant for kids ...
 When I first read Orwell 's essays , I knew I had to read 1984 . It 's been on my list for 7 years and I 'm so glad I finally got around to reading it.The beginning of the book drags , but sets the tone for all that happens towards the middle and end . If you that can get through ther first 60-70 pages , you 'll fly through the last 150-200 . Julia was my favorite character and the way Orwell set up the first sexual encounter with her and Winston was a stroke of genius . I think my heart stopped when they were in their secret bedroom and got caught . I was waiting for them to get caught , but it happened so suddenly I got caught off balance . The action tails off towards the end but by that time the story has the reader so engrossed the end is like a carrot on a string .
 Anyone notice that 1984 has already occured ? Not the date , I mean , but big brother did come already . In Maoist China , in the 50s . Although this did n't affect the whole world , if you lived there at the time you would feel the same way as the main characters . Powerful , very moving , amazing book . the movie is a terrible disappointment because it focused on the visual
 It takes a lifetime to read this book . It 's packed with symbolism and meaning . Few people will be able to absorb it all in one reading . Probably one of the Top Ten greatest literary works of all time . An excellent example of clear , concise , efficient use of the English language . Not one word out of place , not one word more or less than is needed . No ` Newspeak ' in this book . It should be required reading for everyone who wants to live in a free society .
 I read this book when I was 13 and could n't put it down . I ca n't believe some lo-life 's are giving it one star - this witty , enchanting book should be a basis to everyday life . It has predicted a lot of the future and nothing is stopping it happening again . I recommend everyone to read this book .
 Just three words ; scary , depressing and wonderful . Definetely the best fiction about the future that i 've read . Even better than Huxley 's ` Brave new world ' . I now start to feel afraid about the future . I now start to wonder if there are big brothers , `` ministry of peace `` s , shortly `` OCEANIA `` s waiting for us in the future?War can never be peace . Whatever type of future it is .1984 is the best novel I 've ever read .
 Just three words ; scary , depressing and wonderful . Definetely the best fiction about the future that i 've read . Even better than Huxley 's ` Brave new world ' . I now start to feel afraid about the future . I now start to wonder if there are big brothers , `` ministry of peace `` s , shortly `` OCEANIA `` s waiting for us in the future?War can never be peace . Whatever type of future it is .1984 is the best novel I 've ever read .
 I think this book represents the best expression of Orwell 's work.A deep voyage throught the terryfying deeps of human nature.Scaring .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is a truly visionary in the future of politics and technology . Written in 1948 , he envisioned a society in which truth is manipulated to suit the needs of the Party . Big Brother is a ubiquitious system of cameras that renders any privacy of either action or thought to crime . Freedom , according to Big Brother , is slavery to the Party.Enter Winston , whose job is to rewrite books and other literature to suit the needs of Big Brother . He questions what he is doing , as well as loyalty . As he quietly questions his role , he comes to meet Julia and they have an illicit affair . The Party will not stand for this . Only Big Brother can supply all their needs , both physical , emotional , and sexual.This is a must for anyone living in America today . It is requires reading in my Government class and it never ceases to amaze me how the kids can get into it and discuss it with such frankness.Although somewhat dark and cynical , 1984 does reveal how even free governments originally found on Democracy will eventually do anyting to hold onto their power . Hopefully the depressing ending might inspire a sleeping society to wake up and realize what is truly going on .
 PROPHETIC !
 Most lists of top fiction of the 20th century place this book in the top 10 . Is this the future ? The book is a social warning of sorts written by Orwell about the extreme directions that governments might take its citizens . The book follows the Nazi era of WWII , and the socialist revolutions in Russia and China . Orwell got his original idea from reading H.G. Well 's `` Utopia '' written 50 years earler . Here he takes the concept a step farther with a breakdown of the government to become a flawed and highly controlling socialist society run by the political elite.This is a very interesting book that should be read along with the author 's other book Animal Farm . I read the book and saw the VHS starring Hurt and Burton which is mostly a faithful representation of the book - and a good movie in color.Once the smoke and rhetoric clears this is essentially a love story about a man living in what appears to be a communist society or perhaps the National Socialists that has evolved into a tightly controlled and hero worshipping society , i.e.
 `` 1984 '' is recognized to be one of the most influential novels of the 20th century , and helped to expose the evil that is contained in totalitarianism . The only fear is that in a post cold war existence we may fail to remember the lessons Orwell taught us , and unexpectedly in our complacency we may allow that evil to rise again .
 The scariest , deepest , most interesting , and undoubtedly the best book I 've ever read . When I started it , I could n't put it down . When I finished it , I could n't pick it up for fear of paranoia . Even now , after I 've finally somewhat gotten over it , there are still some nights I ca n't sleep thinking about this unbelievably incredible book . It 's ten times scarier than any Stephen King novel , and it 's at least as deep , if not deeper , than anything written by Poe or Shakespeare . This book should undoubtedly be a requirement for anyone in the entire world living under any form of government . The story takes place in 1984 , but it could be set in 2084 and not much would change . There is absolutely nothing I 've ever read which even comes close to projecting the kind of heavy , depressing , absolute fear which utterly consumes the reader and stays with them forever . Of course I would recommend this book , but I must warn that it ca n't be treated lightly . It will send you to the edge of paranoia , and throw you into a smothering kind of depression . This is not a book you will soon forget , and it 's not a book you can read without questioning everything you think and believe . You 'll never hear the phrase `` Big Brother is watching you '' again , without chills going down you 're spine , and fear filling every corner of your being . I would also like to recommend another book that I recently came across ------ very thought provoking and unusual , titled THE CHILDREN 'S CORNER . Not a book for children but a great , great , colorful romp through humor-land , darkness , great writing , and stellar prose . By Jackson McCrae . Check it out . I read it for a class and loved it . If you loved `` Brave New World '' then you 'll like 1984 .
 Another great piece of literature by George Orwell , I 'm just I was n't forced to read this one in school . Animal Farm remains one of my favorite books , but I had to read it in class , so it will forever be tainted.This book brings up so many questions it is hard to know where to begin . The most horrifying thing about this book , I think , is that it can be related to so many situations . Everything from grand-scale government to the aforementioned class room is allegorized in this book in some way . It reminds me , in some ways , of a Harry Chapin song that shares its name with that of this post . In the song a child goes to school full of imagination and creativity ; through the negative reinforcement of his teacher the child is forced to conform and never again regains what he had . The tragic loss of the human spirit is really what this book is about.What you really need to consider when reading something like this is
 Creepy . Profound . Intense . ` Riveting ' . And so on goes the string of ` good book review ' words that one could easily associate with this novel . If you know what 1984 is , and if you know who George Orwell is , you do n't need me to tell you to read this book . Because you should.But let 's get over that , and dig underneath the book 's paperdermis . Because yes , on the outside it appears to be the 1950s equivalent of ` the Matrix ' , a story laced with post-apocalyptic yet still relevant social commentary . But inside , 1984 proves to be much more valuable than that
 Orwell crafts one of the most absolutle horrors of a future world in this celebrated novel.Written in the late 40 's , Orwell crafts the tale of a bureaucrat in the future whose job along with countless other mindless peons , is -LRB- in essence -RRB- to erase history.Bombarded by slogans that hammer the totalitarian nature of the state , he finds some comfort in a woman who shares his ambition to break free from the controls of `` Big Brother '' . Parables abound in this book , to a world and people seemingly oblivious to what is going on around them . Orwell has managed to create one of the most frigthening environments put to paper and weave a future world bleaker , but more importantly , theoreticaly possible in any day or age . So ingenious in usage of slogans , and terms made up by the author , that they are culturaly refered to still in this day and age.An astounding piece of fiction .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is a crowning achievement of the negative utopia novel , bringing forth oppressment and totalitarianism in a strict society in which all men are slaves to the Party . Orwell 's use of symbolism and foreshadowing are fantastic , bringing forth all the elements of lost humanity which he wishes to bring about in the novel.The symbols in 1984 are striking and disturbing , but completely impressive . The entire idea of Newspeak is well used . It is a symbol of the deteriorating of humanity through simplification and the use of force by Big Brother . Also prevalent is the vanishing of people . People vanish not because of a clear violation of laws , but because they are turned in by others for a violation . Often there is no trial and no chance for a people to save themselves from being killed . This shows the complete deterioration of all human freedom as we know it . People are killed for mere suspicion with no definitive proof of wrongdoing , all so that society can go on smoothly.The foreshadowing throughout the novel is also very effective . Orwell uses Winston 's dreams to show events that come to pass soon thereafter . His dream in which he hears the voice tell him `` We will meet in the place where there is no darkness '' ironically foreshadows Winston 's being in a prison cell full of light , rather than a triumph over the darkness of the times as Winston first sees it . Also well used is `` 2 +2 = 4 '' foreshadowing his change after the conditioning that `` two and two make five . '' All of this foreshadowing really works to create a sense of destination for Winston.Th novel 's use of foreshadowing and symbolism coincide to create a sense of terror and impending doom . They work perfectly and the end result is one of the greatest warnings from literature ever .
 George Orwell , whose real name is Eric Blair , was born in India in 1903 . He served in Burma with the India Imperial Police and spent the end of the 1920s living in Paris . He later fought for the Republicans against Franco in the Spanish Civil War . He became well-known with the publication of `` Animal Farm '' , a satire on Soviet Russia . He died in January 1950 , shortly after the publication of `` 1984 '' . `` 1984 '' is set in London , the chief city of Airstrip One and the third most populous of Oceania 's states . Oceania is one of the world 's three great powers - the others being Eurasia and Eastasia - and is constantly at war with at least on of its neighbors . Although the roles of enemy and ally change regularly , the change is never officially acknowledged
 ... we do in fact live in a rather Orwellian world . In Orwell 's dystopia , the state is all powerful ; every aspect of life is controlled , down to -- and especially -- the language itself . This is probably the book 's greatest contribution to social theory -- the idea that words and definitions have such a great influence on our thoughts . If we ca n't think of the word for something , we ca n't have a coherent thought about it . Orwell may not have invented these ideas , but he certainly dramatized them in an unprecedented manner . Another significant aspect of the novel is the perpetual warfare . The state is constantly at war , but allies and enemies constantly shift . The population is kept under complete surveillance by televisions that watch the viewer ; and this was written years before internet cameras ! The everyman hero , Winston Smith , gradually gets involved in a resistance movement that may or may not really exist . The paranoia of this scenario is total -- no one can be trusted . In my opinion , many people have missed the point of this novel . ... I ca n't be sure of Orwell 's purpose in writing the book , but to me it 's not meant to be a realistic portrayal of any actual or even possible dictatorship . It 's more of a theoretical model of a perfectly evil state -- the antithesis , for example , of Plato 's supposedly perfect society . ... To see the relevance of 1984 , we have to focus on the techniques and mindset used by the state in that novel . Armies that are called peacekeeping forces ; wars that are never declared against always changing enemies ; a language of PC euphemisms and bureaucratic jargon -- these are facts of modern life . The fact that it has n't gone to the extreme of 1984 and probably -LRB- and hopefully -RRB- never will does not in any way detract from Orwell 's brilliant insights .
 Our society and culture are shaped by ideas that have occurred decades , centuries , and even eons before we were conceived . Our perception of history affects the way we see our surroundings and that same perception contains much gravity in the way of our thoughts and actions . We tend to outwardly proclaim our love for idealogical freedom and take pride in our nation . But what if none of it was real ? What if our perception of reality and all that has ever happened was controlled not for the sake of our own good , but for the sake of power .1984 was written during a time when communism was on the rise with an inherent fear that the ideologies of the said political point of reference would overcome the freedoms upheld by the American public . George Orwell , an English author born in India , fought against the armies and individuals who would push forth such ideologies . What he saw arising was a possible future in which governments controlled every detail of your life to the point of even telling you who you could marry and where you can eat . We can see the downfall of the utopian communist mindset now , but are we indifferent to the lessons learned through what Orwell has communicated?This is a great book when we open our minds to the understanding that , in my opinion , transcends the breadth of the book . What reality will you trust ? When you look at who we think we are as Citizens of the United States of America -LRB- if you are as such -RRB- , do you realize that a probable 2/3 's of the world hates us ? When we see history , can we see it through the eyes of the Vietnamese soldier , of whose land we invade ? Are we able to peer through the thoughts of the Native American who remembers through oral tradition the first encounter with the Europeans as his people are being destroyed by the same people group ? I 'm not trying to increase a personal hatred or sentiment of discord with what our country is . What I am trying to relay here is that History is not always what it seems to us through first glance , I think that more than anything it is what Orwell wants us to understand . Is our freedom worth the investigation it takes to find the truth ? I think so , and I think that reading this book can give us an insight as to why . Very entertaining . Very dark . Very thoughtful . I give it five stars because it 's a well written book with a seeming purpose that goes beyond reading it .
 George Orwell was always known for handling tough issues in his novels and non-fiction works . 1984 is a timeless example of Orwell 's fearlessness , as the novel deftly broaches topics such as totalitarianism and free thought -- topics that were eminently important in 1948 -LRB- when in the novel was written -RRB- and remain important to this day.The novel follows Winston Smith who is loyally employed in the Ministry of Truth within the futuristic nation of Oceania . However , in Orwell 's futuristic world , nothing is as it seems , for the Ministry of Truth seeks actually to destroy historical truth in an effort to protect the unknown but seemingly omniscient `` Party '' which rules Oceania under the direction of the totalitarian leader known simply as `` Big Brother . '' What follows is a dramatic transformation of Winston as he questions his role in this perverse society , where spies are everywhere , privacy is non-existent and rebellious thoughts , let alone actions , are criminal offenses.This is a disturbing satire that stunningly dramatizes the perversities of totalitarian/fascist societies and ultimately makes an important statement about human freedom within society . Orwell is a talented writer who moves the story along brilliantly , keeping readers glued to the book and throwing in many unforeseen twists and turns . The conclusion of the novel , with its dramatic last sentence , is classic and troubling . This is an important book for all to read and most will enjoy doing so .
 In `` 1984 '' , Winston , the main character , finds himself dissatisfied with a world he feels powerless to change . Cameras are everywhere , and no one knows when they are being monitored . Furthermore , government spies abound , and children are taught early on to snitch on someone who is being disloyal . Public records are constantly altered to ensure that `` Big Brother '' is seen as flawless and all-powerful . Unable to hide in the shadows any longer , Winston begins to search for others who are equally disatisfied . As the story unfolds , the uneasiness builds as Winston tries to find a way to thwart the seemingly unstoppable Big Brother.Privacy advocates often reference `` 1984 '' for its nightmarish vision of a world where one 's every move is monitored . Equally unnerving are the descriptions of an all-powerful government that can hide the truth by altering documents and that `` reprograms '' those who disagree . If you 're sleeping too well at night , this is a book for you . It should be read by everyone who 's ever considered the importance of freedom .
 To think that by 1984 we had begun to exhibit some of the ideas Orwell expressed in his novel , or that so many believed that none of it had come true?In 1984 , Orwell paints the vision of a world layered with Marxist and Socialist philosophies , a place where individual freedom is being oppressed and forgotten . Told through the perspective of Winston Smith , a member of The Party , Orwell shows the struggles and consequences of a man daring to go against The System.It is a riveting tale injected with political and social philosophy . A timeless classic that will certainly be revisited by future generations and very likely passed off as `` incorrect predictions '' because the concepts Orwell covers are too frightful to entertain as reality . From Big Brother watching citizens through Telescreens to the past being rewritten from one moment to the next.I highly recommend this novel to not just science fiction fans but to all citizens of the present , as a reminder that freedom is only a reality as long as we do not take it for granted .
 this is a powerful book and a must read for everybody . while some may say this book was written to criticize the corrupted Soviet empire , that is not true . Animal Farm was written for that purpose . this book was instead written to warn the free world of totalitarianism , something that could easily happen anywhere in the world , even in democracies like the US , or England , the setting of the book .
 `` 1984 '' is a model of George Orwell 's idea of Totalitarianism and in my opinion he wrote it to show people how a political system can suppress individual freedom . Orwell wants to warn people for the future by showing them what society could become if Totalitarianism became true.When I read this book it was very horrifying to me realizing that almost all people , except Winston Smith and Julia , are brainwashed by the Party . They believe everything the Party tells them for example Oceania is at war with Eurasia and in alliance with Eastasia . But one day the situation changes and Oceania is at war with Eastasia and Eurasia is their partner . The Party tells its people that they are always at war with Eastasia and people do n't remember that this is n't true ! This is incredible for me.To my mind Winston is a sort of hero because he is aware of the danger that he gets into trouble with the Party . He knows from the very beginning that his diary will be found and later will be used against him . He also knows that his love affair with Julia is an act of revolution because sex is just allowed to produce `` new material '' for the Party . But I also think Winston is some kind of naive because he opens his mind to O'Brien before he is sure that O'Brien is also against the Party.A very interesting character of the book , I think , is O'Brien because the reader only gets to know Winston 's opinion about him and till the end the reader is n't sure if O'Brien is an enemy or a friend of Winston . For me O'Brien plays his `` role '' perfectly , with the result , that Winston is reintegrated into the Party.The Party invents a new official language of Oceania called Newspeak and by the year 2050 this language will superset Oldspeak -LRB- = common English -RRB- . I think one reason of developing this language is to make old books , which are written before the era of the Party , unreadable . It 's vocabulary is so constructed that it gives an exact and often very subtle expression to every meaning . This is done by the invention of new words but chiefly by eliminating undesirable words.Orwell also describes the bad living conditions under which people have to live at that time . The Party wants to make them concentrating on the Party and not on their own pleasure.The reader really sees how the life of a Party member is dictated from his birth to his death.I recognized that Orwell divides the Superstates in the book according to their division in the Cold War . Oceania stands for the United States of America , Eurasia for Russia and Eastasia for China . The `` Golden Country '' is another symbol which can be compared with the old European landscape.While reading the book I asked myself who Big Brother is and I came to the conclusion that Big Brother , whose picture is everywhere , stands for all dictators that have ever existed . Orwell has certainly been thinking of Russian leader Joseph Stalin , Nazi leader Adolf Hitler or the Spanish dictator Francisco Franco . But I think too that for Orwell Big Brother could be a religious figure like God who sees and knows everything but never appears in person . For members of the Inner Party Big Brother is a leader who they can use to scare people and to explain their doings.In my opinion George Orwell wants to show with the book `` 1984 '' that there exists no chance that all people can become equal . There are always some people who have more power than the others because those have for example to rule the country or to make laws . It 's very important that people do n't trust their leader blindly and forget to think with their own minds . Therefore they must surely get the right education and the historical knowledge to become aware of the parallels in the past and to notice if something goes into the wrong way.Even a person who has such a big personality as Winston Smith , can be manipulated and influenced easily by drugs and torture . For me the sentence `` I love Big Brother '' at the end of the book is very impressive and shocking because you feel that it is n't a sentence he says for fun , no , this is his new opinion after being brainwashed . The book shows to me clearly that nobody can resist such cruelty and that a society only needs one person to give violence and Totalitarianism a chance . There are always people who want to control every move and thought to get maximum power which lies unfortunately in the human nature.I also think that the actuality of Big Brother is n't to deny because today we have computers and the internet which give us the possibility of looking into the private life of each person . There are a lot of people who are interesting in watching such , in my opinion , boring films.For the future I can imagine that there will be cameras and microphones at a lot of places . So even if you want to go to the doctor or get a new job you will have to give detailed information about your person and nobody will be able to have secrets anymore.I liked reading this book very much because it is written very exciting . I could n't stop reading because I wanted to know how the story would end . I was very surprised about the ending because I did n't think that Winston could be changed and reintegrated into the Party.I can recommend this novel and satire to everyone because I believe it 's very important to become aware of what in our surroundings happens and how easily people can be manipulated and influenced without noticing it . For me it is possible that the story , told in this book , happens in real life again because there are many people who want to get power and look only after their personal benefit .
 `` 1984 '' , by George Orwell , is a harrowing tale of the dismal future . The year is 1984 and the government has taken over every aspect of Joe Anybody 's life . Through the use of an advanced television , called a telescreen , the government keeps a close eye on each and every citizen of Oceania , one of three world powers . If anyone does something that makes them seem `` unorthodox '' or unique , the Thought Police quickly show up and capture that person , torturing him and then erasing his name from any record it may have been in , thereby erasing his existence . In this way the government controls all of history . Any record or document not in compliance with the government 's philosophy or ideals quickly receives an alteration to rectify the `` mistake . '' The future is bleak and getting worse by the day.To call this book a `` classic '' would not do it justice . This is the best book I have ever read , for numerous reasons . First , George Orwell writes masterfully , with words that flow like water through your mind ; his complete grasp of the written word creates a profound impact on the reader which makes the book exceptionally hard to put down . Second , the questions the book forces you to consider hit with the force of a sledgehammer
 This is a very powerful novel of great meaning to today 's society . One of Orwell &#8217; s most important points in his portrayal of society is how it fits the old adage that &#8220; Ignorance is bliss . &#8221; The citizens believe whatever the Inner Party members tell them because through ignorance they do not have to worry about the meaninglessness of their own lives . The choice between acting upon the truth and staying &#8220; blissfully &#8221; ignorant of it is one that Winston has to face , and he &#8212; - like the other millions of Outer Party members &#8212; - chooses to avoid the truth for a less physically painful life.This novel shows that the quest for individuality and freedom can often be a dangerous thing . By accepting the kind of euphoric idealism of modern society , one can quite ironically lose all meaningful freedom in the process.This book 's prophecy is quite similar to that of Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' -LRB- another excellent novel -RRB- , in that they both try to point out that our increasing trend toward individual freedom , coupled with our materialistic attitudes and increasing lack of morality , are leading us down a path to a &#8220; Brave New World , &#8221; or a 1984 scenario . Of course , the feelies will most likely not become a part of our reality , and Thoughtcrime and memory holes are equally as unlikely . What is likely , however , is a new generation whose thought patterns could be very similar to that of Huxley &#8217; s Alphas
 Read this book ! It 's not only at once convincing and absorbing , but its also a reflection and an analogy to many things are in our society today . The novel it 's hunting not only in the sense that the regime described could become reality -LRB- although it seems it would work I refuse to believe it -RRB- but because we can see a lot of it taking place today ; in a much lessen degree off course . Things such as the lack of reasoning of the majority of people ; the destruction of language by slang and the lack of reading ; the dictatorship of ideas , dogmas and parameters of life by the `` telescreen '' -LRB- TV -RRB- ; the absent-mind of the people , where everyone is too absorbed in their day-to-day activities to know any better ... The novel is also a lot of fun because we can virtually immerse ourselves in it , seeing it all to the least detail , to such an extent that we can breath the air , and feel in our skin even things that are not explicitly described in the book . Orwell 's power is truly amazing , and this novel should be read by everyone , either for entertainment or deeper thoughts -LRB- ideally both -RRB- . The only problem is you might have trouble sleeping at night , scared of having to wake up speaking `` Newspeak ! ''
 I 'd recommend this book to anyone . Not because of how entertaining it is but because of how well Orwell gets his point across . The past exists only in written records and people 's memories , and can therefore be manipulated . This remains true regardless of the fact that Orwell 's vision has n't come true .
 En 1984 Orwell nos dibuja un panorama asolador . A pesar de la complejidad de los conceptos que quiere desarrollar -LRB- el proceso del doblepensar puede requerir un repaso para m&aacute;s de uno -RRB- los explica sencilllamente , de tal manera que no se podr&iacute;a haber escrito mejor . El panorama es t&eacute;trico , eso s&iacute; , con lo que no la recomiendo para mentes catastrofistas .
 1984 is a provocative novel that shows us , even today what we can still become . It centers around a citizen of a totally controlled future earth . Constant government supervision , as well as very limited freedom of any kind makes it difficult for him to find meaning and hapiness in his life . Teamed up with several other rebels he plans joins a secret conspiricy in order to take down BIG BROTHER , and The Party , the two main forces keeping the world unaware of the true nature of life . This nightmarish version of the future , shows what we can become if we do not plan carefully .
 This book is simply one of the best . I will reveal nothing to you save that you will love it if you read it . The characters are incredible , their plight still poignant , and the message still relevant today . While there is a cumbersome section , the ending is fantastic , disturbing and awe inspriring . READ IT !!!!!
 it moved me to tears and no book has ever done that , it was very deep . very scary because its pluasable
 You should read this book every five years or so . I re-read it during the Gulf War
 Well I read this book in the following reasons . TO learn about more in socialism and communisms differences and to learn a different point of view . I guess this book applies to every different reader something different because it holds many values and the values can be undestood from many ways . In simple quotes many things were hidden to find out them was like a puzzle for every reader I guess . I thing this was a book that I really liked to read and also I would like to share my ideas with other readers of this book and other readers of books related to this topic .
 Two plus two does not equal five . Imagine yourself in a world where you are told it does one day but not the next . Scary . This is a brilliantly written , possibly prophetic book . It 's almost a warning for how we could turn out , and the fact that the date has been and gone does not make it any less horrific . I suggest that everyone read this and use the aftertaste to make the world less like the book .
 I just finished 1984 about a week ago and loved it . Orwell showed his maturity as a writer and his evolution from Animal Farm -LRB- also great -RRB- . 1984 shows the force of totalitarian governments and the faults of human nature . This should be read by any progressive-minded persons in the world .
 1984 is the totalarianism view that George Orwell wishes to show us ; about what we may become and what , at one time , the Stalinist regiem was like . The imagry and importance is equal to Dofoe , the insightful and truly endearing relationships between the characters and the fact that privacy no longer exists , all point to a world that we must NEVER become . It does not just mean communism ... it means US , too .
 George Orwell 's `` Nineteen Eighty-Four , '' is a hauntingly exceptional tale of a society gone wrong . Orwell has brought to light a situation that any society could potentially face if they are n't cautious . The main character Winston Smith lives in a totalitarian state to the `` Party , '' the dictators of the colony of Oceania . What makes this book so fascinating is the fact that is was published in 1948 . Yet , the situations in this book still ring true today . Freedoms are constantly trying to be suppressed ; privacy is a concern in today 's society with the creation of the internet and cameras . It 's remarkable to think that Orwell predicted a society that could potentially be an example for today 's culture . Trying to imagine a world where every move you make is recorded and watched to control is not only terrifying because it sounds like it could happen , it 's terrifying because one day it may eventually happen . I thoroughly enjoyed the book and would recommend it as a book that should be read in high school .
 This is the sort of book that one should not read when feeling hopeless , or with cold , gloomy weather outside . I can say this with certainty , because I was a senior in high school for the first part , and we had one of those cloudy late-winter days for the second part.Having said that , I have to say that this was an excellently written book , with its characters clearly portrayed without becoming cartoonish . The points raised in the novel were horrifyingly believable , and were just the sort of thing to grind off unrealistic ideals in youngsters ... and sharpen other ideals.No , I did n't enjoy this book at all - and I am very glad that I read it , and I recommend it to anyone who believes that `` everything that a government desires is necessarily good . ''
 From the very first sentence to the last , this book held me on with wide eyes of horror and enthrallment , and a mouth drawn stupidly open at the books prophetic , almost clairvoyant vision of the future , at the magnificent power it holds within the text , the pages . When I finished , I closed the book , put it aside , and went to bed . It had such a profound , powerful , overwhelming effect on me , that I could not really think straight ; it was overall depressing , and it left me spellbound . And I know , if you read it , it will leave you the same way too.The year is 1984 . The world is now divided into only 3 main sections
 Well I 'm not going to waste time Kudo'ing on this douple-plus-genius classic . Suffice to say it was shattering to read over 25 years ago and mores ' the pity if it not being taught at the High School level today.IF you want to gauge a person , simple draw a quote from the book and ask them
 `` Big Brother is watching ! '' This phrase has been so popularly used that the meaning is now synonymous with issues like `` manipulation of truth '' , `` violation of privacy '' , `` conspiracy theory '' , etc. ` 1984 ' is a cleverly written political satire often induced with dark humour , exploring life in a would-be fascist-like totalitarian future where everyone was being monitored and compelled to keep in line -LRB- ` thoughtcrime ' is a crime ! -RRB- , where the individual could no longer differentiate between truths and lies -LRB- through the practice of ` doublethink ' -RRB- , where history was being constantly re-written to suit the prevailing political agenda , where language had been simplified to the point of uselessness -LRB- through Newspeak -RRB- , where war had to be kept ongoing to reduce economic surplus so that the population could be held under control , and where party ideology had absolute power over a society dominated by fear , suspicion and distrust.We follow the story of Winston Smith , one who disagreed with the party and was secretly envisioning a different kind of life without being under the ever-watchful eye of Big Brother . His hatred for Big Brother and his attempt at joining the rebelling Brotherhood ultimately ended in tragedy and he was captured , tortured and brainwashed . Orwell 's gloomy depiction of life in Oceania -LRB- his future version of London -RRB- is realistic and convincing . The last section of the book is especially thought provoking and really sends chill to the spine . Overall , Orwell 's vision of the future in 1984 is intense and highly disturbing . Although we all know by now that our 1984 -LRB- dominated by the MTV/big-hair/yuppie culture -RRB- has occurred very differently and that the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s marked the final triumph of liberal-democracy over socialism/Marxism , Orwell 's ` 1984 ' remains relevant today as a warning against a post-global age of resurging absolutism and religious fundamentalism . This book is highly recommended .
 `` 1984 '' is the kind of novel that could possibly go unnoticed if given the choice to read it or another , more recent novel . However , after reading British novelist Eric Blair 's -LRB- pseudonym `` George Orwell '' -RRB- second novel , I am compelled to hail it as one of the best books that I have ever read.Orwell 's infamous dystopia begins with the main protagonist , Winston Smith , climbing up a flight of stairs , his varicose ulcer hurting the whole way up . -LRB- Ironically , even his name is a readily apparent contradiction -LSB- one of many in `` 1984 '' -RSB- ; his first name is that of the famed British prime minister and statesman Winston Churchill , but his last name is the most common last name in the English language . In that , he is both uncommon and common . -RRB- Smith works for the Ministry of Truth - which -LRB- can you sense the irony -RRB- produces most of the lies that the world of Oceania readily and blindly accepts as fact.His real problems begin when he receives a note from a coworker -LRB- or `` comrade '' , as Inner Party members are required to refer to each other as -RRB- , Julia -LRB- no last name , just Julia -RRB- saying just three words -LRB- which could automatically get her arrested by the horribly invasive Thought Police -RRB-
 Oh my God , is all i could say as i read this . I was trembling at the power that this book possesed , abosolutly tremblingYou cant understand the magnitude of this book until you have read it . No one can portray this book to the ultimate power it posseses . I cant say it was beautiful , for even though it was beautiful , it was also hideous . Where it was genius it was simple and absurd . Where it was meaningful it was also meaningless . There was strength in what was said and also in what was not said . It was powerful though , never was it weak or declining in a solid purpose.I will tell you one thing though , never read this book if you are a person who feeds off the illusion of false hope , for your comforts are not in this tale . This is a reality that may not be completely true , but do trust me , so much of it is true.The question of life and existence is revealed when Winston is told in the tower of Love that he is the last man alive . So cruel and unhumane the treatment he recieved as he watched his decrepit body in the mirror . It was horrible , but also so powerful , i use that word alot becuase there is not another with the same sense that power leaves in our minds.I can only say that if you wish for truth you must read 1984and you will be left with the same impression , Oh My God
 I just re-read 1984 . I had first read it some 40 years ago . It has lost none of its power and brilliance.The book is short by contemporary standards . You can get through it in one day . Notwithstanding its brevity , Orwell paints a rich and enrapturing picture of a bizarre and brutal world . You find yourself drawn into it - believing it . It is as if you are `` there '' , trapped in a truly psychotic police state known as `` Oceania '' . You find yourself fearing the things that the protagonists - `` Winston '' and `` Julia '' - fear as if you were experiencing their lives.The world that Orwell describes is strange to the point of being surreal . Nonetheless , he plays out the failings of the human condition with such brilliance , that you end up believing such a world could actually come to be . Even more importantly , you recognize elements of `` 1984 '' in ordinary day to day life . That is the reason why this book is such a masterpiece . Orwell - in truth - does n't fantasize but rather hypothesizes a world where recognizable human weaknesses have synergized into mass insanity . He makes it believeable.In short , 1984 is one of the truly great accomplishments of twentieth century literature . It is the type of book that could affect a reader - as it did with me - for an entire lifetime .
 + + + + + This novel by George Orwell -LRB- whose real name was Eric Arthur Blair , 1903 to 1950 -RRB- is about the effects of totalitarianism . Totalitarianism is a characteristic of a government or state in which one political party maintains complete control under a dictatorship and bans all others.This story , which takes place in London in 1984 , follows one man -LRB- named Winston Smith -RRB- and his love interest -LRB- Julia -RRB- as they struggle against this totalitarian party -LRB- `` The Party '' -RRB- whose leader -LRB- actually dictator -RRB- is `` Big Brother . '' The Party political orthodoxy rules the giant country of `` Oceania '' -LRB- in which London is located -RRB- . At the heart of this party 's political orthodoxy is the process of controlling thought through the manipulation of language and information by the use of `` Newspeak '' which utilizes what is called `` doublethink . `` Newspeak is the official language of Oceania -LRB- but is not the only language spoken -RRB- . It is a language that eliminates unnecessary words and is designed to diminish rather than help expressive thought . For example , Newspeak states that there is no good and bad but only good and `` ungood . '' Doublethink is the ability to simultaneously hold two opposing ideas in ones mind and believe in them both . The three Party slogans that title this review are examples of doublethink . Another good example is that -LRB- 2 + 2 = 4 -RRB- and -LRB- 2 + 2 = 5 -RRB- . The Party keeps everybody in line through Newspeak and doublethink . But they also have other methods . For example , they have the `` Thought Police '' that investigate `` thoughtcrimes . '' These are `` crimes '' of just having negative thoughts about The Party . Another example are telescreens that watch your every move even in bathroom stalls . Thus , `` Big Brother is watching you '' at all times.Winston and Julia are discovered to be guilty of thoughtcrimes by O'Brien -LRB- who is the personification of The Party -RRB- . O'Brien also represents those leaders who use cruelty and torture as their primary method of control -LRB- like Hitler and Stalin did -RRB- . He makes them pay for their `` crimes . `` This novel clearly shows how totalitarianism negatively affects the human spirit and how it 's impossible to remain freethinking under such circumstances.This novel also contains an appendix written by Orwell . Here he explains various aspects of Newspeak and to my surprise he states that by the year 2050 , Newspeak will be the only language that anyone will understand . Why does he state this ? He wanted to keep the fear of totalitarianism alive in his readers well past the year 1984 . -LRB- Thus , this novel is still quite relevant for today ! -RRB- Finally , this novel in a word is fascinating ! It is well written and is filled with symbolism and imagination . It begins slow but gradually picks up speed . And the story is very interesting.In conclusion , this novel is a masterpiece of political speculation that serves as a warning to us all . Read it for yourself to see why it brought Orwell world-wide fame !! -LRB- first published 1949 ; 3 parts or 24 chapters -RRB- + + + + +
 While many of the concepts in George Orwell 's 1984 are complex to the point of being implausible , I believe there to be a sense of pragmatism in the text . It 's as if Orwell is simply notating an absurd universe that he knows to be true , as if he were Nostradamus predicting the future . I definitely believe that there is a large degree of truth to the novel , just that our society today is much better than 1984 's at masking the control factor . Amazon reviewer Daniel Hintzsche wrote , `` George Orwell created a. . . chillingly credible dystopia . In our deeply anxious world , the seeds of unthinking conformity are everywhere in evidence ; and Big Brother is always looking for his chance . '' I absolutely agree with Hintzsche on this . I believe that there are many similarities between our seemingly perfect society and the totalitarian dystopia created in 1984 . In another review , James P. Brett compares the book directly to today 's government . He compares the `` Two Minutes Hate '' to the American reaction to Osama bin Laden . This comparison is eerily undeniable . In both instances , a political leader is revered almost to the point of idolatry , and an opposition to that leader is hated with a passion . It is far more obvious in 1984 , but the similarity is indubitable .1984 does not , however , simply apply to today 's society . The universal themes of the novel are n't restricted to the current decade . As reviewer Guy Tedesco states , `` No matter what stage of life I am at the book reflects the times we live in . Politicians never change and always practice the art of deception . '' If you were to have read this book when it was written , you would have compared it to communism , and Nazis . If you were to read this book in the seventies , you could have constructed detailed conspiracy theories . Or , you could even read it now , and compare it to the Bush administration , and the War on Terror . This novel is always relevant to the times , and will never cease to be.In conclusion , I think this book is very pertinent to our society , and should be read by everyone . It is a chilling dystopia that might just inspire us to go out and change the world for the better . Maybe ... just maybe .
 Orwell creates in writing for us , a world that we may , in fact , create for ourselves . Through his genious words and the underlying truth of it all , Orwell makes Oceana real . Almost as though you expect to see it on a map , when , thankfully , it wo n't be there . The book is a work of genious and should be read by every person remotley concerned with the future of the human race . Very highly recomended !!
 This book is the prequel to the soon to be released `` 2001 '' , by Joel Watson . 2001 Is an exceptional book , detailing life after the Y2K bug . Population numbers have plummetted , leaving the survivors to re build all known darkness , and swear to never make the same mistakes . If you ever read only one book , `` 2001 '' must surely be it .
 George Orwell 's precient usage of potent imagery and insight have created one of the greatest books in the 20th century upon man 's tragic destiny . Similiar to Huxley 's view , the world of the future , even though set in the past , serves to remind us that not only we are the creators of our destiny , but the victims of it as well . Orwell blends a rich texture of events and circumstances in his character Winston providing the reader with not only a character to apathize with , but also one to admire . 1984 is a great and moving work which is well worth reading .
 George Orwell 's book shows what could happen in any society and any government when collectivism and oneness are valued above any other idea . Orwell tries to warn his readers into not letting go of the self for the well-being of society . This book is a must for everone at least once .
 When I try to think of my reaction to this book , it goes beyond enthusiam . In fact , at first , I was speachless after reading the last sentence ; the build-up was so intense that I actually thought that I was reading a historical account of the human experience . For those of you who have n't read the afterword by Erich Fromm , I highly recommend you do . He provides a much needed explanation for Orwell . This book offers a very important vision , one that needs due evaluation . If you read this account of the future , you must read Huxley 's Brave New World , as he offers an alternative .
 People who see this book as merely an attack on the farce that was Russian communism are missing the real point . 1984 is a warning about trends that can easily devlop in any political system , try the one we got here in the USA where we wage wars aganst virtually helpless nations in the name of ` humanitarianism ' . -LRB- read
 I 've been doing a whole lot of reading since the end of school and 1984 by George Orwell is definitely the best book . 1984 is a classic I reckon , but it 's as compelling a the best science fiction by Asimov or Crichton . I really enjoyed it . It 's kind of disturbing at parts . I mean the way he accuses society in general , about how this society is sickly , and how all it does is separate people and suppress natural instincts . The best part of the whole book is the Vocabulary part . how the government was reducing the whole dictionary , eliminating words . It was amazing to realize what power words have . With words one can express his/her thoughts , that 's why the government was abolishing words , to stop anything against the `` orthodoxy '' of the state . If you liked this book you may as well want to read Animal Farm by him , a satire of communism . Well enjoy . If you want to discuss this feel free to email .
 I was entertained throughout the book wiht orwell 's vision of the future . Though I was unable to accept the ending . I was not convinced that Winston truly loved Big Brother . I felt that there was too muchh time skipped over and not enough leading up to his revelation .
 i thought it described well the possibilties of the power of the govbernment if we the people do notstnad up against the oppression the are providing .
 1984 is , in fact , where David Bowie got his idea for his album diamond dogs . both the novel and the record are extremely interesting . his song `` 1984 '' got me to read orwell 's classic novel . i 'm glad i read it ! definitely five stars !
 1984 WAS THE BEST BOOK THAT I HAVE EVER READ . I WOULD ENCOURAGE EVERYONE AT SOME POINT TO READ THIS BOOK . ORWELL 'S THOUGHTS OF THE FUTURE WERE VERY REAL AND SOMEWHAT FRIGHTENING . IT WAS A COMPLICATED BOOK TO READ , WITH SO MUCH COMING AT YOU AT ONCE . OFTEN I FOUND MYSELF READING PARTS OF THE BOOK OVER AGAIN AND FINDING SOMETHING THT I HAD MISSED OR FORGOTTEN . IT WAS ALMOST LIKE THE BOOK WAS PLAYING WITH MY MIND .
 The book shows the extent to which civilization can go to . While it 's pretty scary and shows a gloomy foreshadowing to life , I enjoyed the storyline and the imaginative world that George Orwell imagined .
 Other books that examine fictional fascist states include Jack London 's `` Iron Heel '' -LRB- 1908 -RRB- , which looks at plutocratic , monopolistic capitalism as the evil regime , and Nabakov 's `` Bend Sinister '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , which examines the struggles of an intellectual in a fictional totalitarian regime . Both are fine reads , and both were published before Orwell 's `` Nineteen Eighty-Four '' .
 Not horrible as in bad ; horrible as in evil and twisted . I loved every word of this book , but I would not recommend it to very many people . People who like to play mind games would absolutley love this book , but it is definatley not for everyone , as some reviews have shown . My opinion is that it is one of the best books I have ever read !!
 While this work clearly explores the effects of Big Brothers totalitarian regime upon the individual , I must agree with the comments made by a reader from Brisbane , Australia , as this is not in any way an attack upon Communist ideology . As for comments made by another -LRB- American -RRB- reader , Orwell does not set out to somehow reveal a ` secret Communist agenda ' and does not attempt to portray a Socialist government . Many references made throughout the novel actually highlight his opposition to fascism and the extreme right , after the devastation of World War II . While ultimately , Orwell successfully explores the impact of complete political control by a small elitist group over a general population , his work is deliberately politically non-specific . 1984 applies to a number of regimes based upon general terror , and not directly to Communism , which in many cases has arisen , and is sustained , through popular demand .
 This was by far the best book i have ever read . This book is a very chilling description of what could happen in the future if the government is not curved . Thank God this book & animal farm are required reading at our school .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is the best book ever to be written . With frightening images of a future that is not only possible but also probable , Orwell reveals the truth about Communist governments . Images such as the ever-present Big Brother that is always watching and the thought police really hit hard . 1984 is a great book that EVERYONE should read .
 If you enjoy Orwell , I am delighted to direct you to another `` Orwellian '' novel , THE LAST DAY , by Glenn Kleier . In THE LAST DAY , Kleier tackles the subject of authority in organized religion with startling `` Orwellian '' manner and outrageous wit and irreverence . LAST DAY is a classic , watershed novel in the manner of 1984 . I found it a riveting read , and one that I greatly encourage all Orwell fans fans to experience .
 This is an excellent book that I feel everyone should read . It was written in the late 40 's and gives us view of what is to come in 1984 -LRB- at least dealing witht the government -RRB- . There are 3 main characters in this story , Winston Smith , Julia , and O'Brien . The story is about Big Brother -LRB- Government -RRB- watching over and listening to our thoughts at all times . Winston share his emotions with Julia . Winston finally dies in the end after excepting Big Brother . I wont tell you the whole story because you 'll have to read it yourself .
 There are two major types of morons in this world ; Those who think 1984 is science-fiction and therefore should be full of action -LRB- It has no plot they say ! -RRB- and those who believe that the entire premise of the novel is unfair because it denegrates poor old misunderstood communism.Firstly , Orwell 's disturbing novel has an exceptional plot which is exquisitely crafted and gorgeously realised , it 's just that most readers are too daft to comprehend it . Plot does not have to include massive progressions and a resolution which is life-affirming . Ultimately , fine plots are those which are n't obvious , which are overlooked by the lay reader who insists that reading should be as passive as the almighty television -LRB- bane of the stupid and spreader of more propaganda than any other device -RRB- . Orwell 's plot is in truth the major influence on this novel , followed by realistic characterisation.Secondly , Orwell 's intention is quite obviously not to denegrate the theory of communism perse . In fact he was a member of the communist party as one other reviewer has already stated . Sadly however , that reviewer insisted -LRB- Probably because he/she is in his/her late teens or early twenties and attending university where the idea of communism is at the moment quite novel to him/her . -RRB- Orwell was soured by communism and did n't understand it as American communist 's did not understand the party . To expect an intelligent person to believe that Orwell was incapable of understanding communism is remarkable in it 's obscene stupidity . Furthermore to suggest an Englishman was incapable of understanding a theory which was developed in his own country is proposterous -LRB- Yes . Karl Marx lived for many years and died in England where he is buried . -RRB- While there are those who would suggest that Orwell is retaliating against communism , they are dreadfully inaccurate . Ultimately , what 1984 is about is a fear of all levels of politics and not merely communism .1984 is not about political propaganda but the human spirit . While the fascist power 's of Big Brother are a lynchpin to the novel it is the squelching of the human spirit which is the over-riding theme . It 's true , of course , that Orwell is satiring the communist Russia of the time but is this actually going to be considered an attack on the ideals of communism ? Essentially , Orwell 's point was that political powers could not possibly bring about utopia and that the communist ideal , while exceptionally dignified in theoretical terms , was subject to human nature and misuse . It is not communism but people who brought about the world of Oceania . Communism was just the political tool used along the way.The power in Orwell 's novel can be missed by morons but never the informed reader . His vision is , today , as powerful as ever and a potent reminder of what any political system can achieve if misused , not just communism . 1984 is a study in human character and human frailty and it is only those who are disturbed by the stark truth of Orwell 's vision that will not see both the power and the terror in his fictional world . Indeed the human spirit is infinitely malleable .
 A case can certainly be made that 1984 is the greatest novel ever written . We know that the Modern Library infamously dubbed Ulysses the greatest novel of the last century even though most people find it completely unreadable . Too many critics and members of the intelligentsia equate impenetrability with greatness , probably thinking that the greatest novels must be aimed only at the gifted few .1984 lacks snob appeal and it is shockingly readable . I guess this is why it gets dissed with the # 13 ranking on that list . Of course , my own criteria are different . In my opinion , the greatest novels should at the very least be great reads . Nothing is more audacious or ambitious than setting out to write a page turner that happens to carry a thought-provoking and devastating message . Or , put another way , what 's the point of burying your message in a book that no one can read ? I 've never read Ulysses , but I think I can say that 1984 is simply a better novel because part of what a novel must do is thread its message through a plot that the reader actually can and wants to follow .1984 is a thriller . It is part sci-fi and part fantasy . But of course its is meant to convey the feel of an actual political system that dominated half the globe at the time of its writing . Unlike Animal Farm , which is kind of a roman a clef of the Russian Revolution , the events and characters of 1984 are not meant to correspond directly to events and persons in the Soviet Union in the late 40 's . Big Brother is , of course , Stalin . But that comparison is easier to make in retrospect since no Soviet leader was nearly as Big Brother-like as Stalin . But I imagine that Big Brother is meant to evoke any totalitarian leader rather than a particular one . The fact that 1984 does not simply follow history is a major strength since it allows Orwell 's imagination to run wild.As you read 1984 , you experience the oppression that a citizen in a totalitarian state must feel every day . Orwell conveys many of the brutal tactics of such a state
 Orwell does something interesting with this book - more interesting even than Animal Farm , a truly wonderful allegory . While Animal Farm seems to do nothing more than colorfully reiterate history , 1984 provides some amazing thoughts on the nature of the nearly perfect totalitarian society -LRB- the exemplar form of such a society can be found in Huxley 's Brave New World -RRB- and the people who control it.While the novel feels dated -LRB- the overalls , the proles , the characters -RRB- , it does n't hinder the book at all . Detailing an alternate society which began to back peddle after World War II , 1984 is meant to feel dated . With no advancements , an inhumane government , and persistent war , it is no wonder Oceania never pulled itself out of pre-war ideologies and modes . It is a poor representation of what we now think of as `` the future ''
 Somehow , 1984 strikes a nerve deeper than any other book I have ever had the pleasure of reading . Its ideas the ideas of its main character , Wilson , as well as its author , George Orwell , provide a deep perception into the organization of modern politics . All generations can enjoy this story , a story that will definitely never go out of date . It 's characters are identifiable and its ending , one as shocking as any , provides a look at the life that Wilson must lead , and the life that many of the stroy 's readers go through every day .
 I find it funny that almost all of the reviews are 4-5 stars , or 1 star -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- . Personally , 1984 is among my favorite books and is my favorite of the utopian/dystopian genre of books . No , I am not a paranoid McCarthyist nut -- in fact I am an anarchist . However , I see a profound message in 1984 that is as relevant today as it was when it was first published in 1949 . Among those who rated the book poorly , I found the following types of criticism :1 . `` Oh , the book is too boring , too long , not enough action , too much description , hard to read , blah , blah , blah . '' To you I have one thing to say
 A number of reviews have stated that this work is dated and irrelevant today . It would be wise to realize how this is completely opposite of the truth . Doublespeak has dominated American life , such as the Gulf War in which war meant peace , and misery truly meant happiness . Power and money rule , and it could definitely be argued that we live under a totalitarian system of control in America . Beware of power . Orwell is turning over in his grave .
 The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them . In this time -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , we have our `` Two Minutes Hate '' with Osama bin Laden.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about -LRB- e.g. , thought control -RRB- are done in a quite blatant way in the book . In the real world of the 20th/21st century they 're done , only much more subtly . That way , we do n't know they being perpetrated on us.Here 's how 1984 applies to current events : WAR IS PEACEThe new `` War on Terrorism '' is being sold as a guarantor or our safety . While this war is being waged , we 're to accept permanent war as a fact of life . As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas , we are told to go back to `` living our lives . `` FREEDOM IS SLAVERY `` Freedom itself was attacked , '' Bush said . He 's right , though here 's the twist
 I 'm glad I read this book . It was a fascinating read on the complexities of strict government control . But the story is really more than about government , and it 's strict control over the populace . It 's about the psychology of humans and living in a society with limited personal freedoms.What I struggled with was the persistent inner-monologue . This book is written like most 20th century literature and is loaded with the protagonist basically thinking/talking to himself for long periods of time , which , to me , can be quite boring and hard to read.Maybe it 's because my generation and I 'm not used to such writing styles . Most movies and books these days have more action , more conversation and less inner-monologue . Good or bad , that 's the way it is.Otherwise , this lived up to hype and icon status that it is known for .
 I read this book 30 years ago , and I could n't believe a Government in total control of people 's memories and opinions . It seemed like a very distant and utopian future then ... Now I read this book again , and the plot is very - frightening - close to reality . Many of the mind-washing methods are in use today , like campaing promisses and even presidential speeches about &#34; soaring economy &#34; , &#34; record-breaking production &#34; , and even &#34; the sacrifice in our well-beign for a brighter future &#34; ... Note
 If you have n't read this book yet , then you must . It 's a real eye-opener for people living in the United States in 2012 .
 One of my favorite classics that I , even though it is very depressing , recommend anyone interested in reading to read this book.Set in a nightmarish London of 1984 &#8211; we see life in a totalitarian state through the eyes of a single character , Winston Smith , who dares to standup against the notorious &#8211; notorious in our world &#8211; Big Brother in his own ways , through little defiant acts , such as keeping a journal stating his disapproval with his world and the government , to sneaking off and having sex with a woman for pleasure which is looked down upon as sex is only seen as a necessary for procreation.In this world , Freedom was only attained through total obedience to the Party , and the love of Big Brother , who watched you at all times . Winston works as a functionary of the Ministry of Truth where history is rewritten to favor the Party &#8217; s line summed up beautifully by the Party &#8217; s slogan &#34; Who controls the past controls the future
 Orwell tells a story about Winston Smith , a man living in the utopian world of 1984 ! The book deals with his struggles , and eventually , the story 's end is so depressing that in the end , you may want to commit suicide or take up liquor . BEWARE
 This book is wonderful . It goes into detail about how thegovernment can do pretty much whatever it wants . In the bookthe government controls all the people through tv and tortureif you do not do exacly what they tell you to . People arepunished for having their own opinions . This book is a mustread , despite its age .
 1984 , written sometime in the 50 's as far as i know . Takes Soviet Style goverment and brings out its darkest future . -LRB- Big Brother -RRB- Orwell himself a socialist , offers intelligent and passionate reflections of his anxieties . Read this novel before grabbing a ` why the USSR broke ' book written by some self rightous Political Science phd . who unwittingly butchers Orwells ` big brother ' to fit his narrow understanding . Not that there are n't good books on Soviet and Russian History , which you may want to look for after reading 1984
 I 'm glad I finally read this book . It was a bit of a depressing read because certain parts reminded me of our current political climate . But the concepts of doublethink , thoughtcrime , and so on are definitely food for thought . In the week or so since I finished reading it , I 've found myself thinking about those concepts , in particular when I see an ad or something that says exactly the opposite of what it really is -LRB- the `` Clear Skies Act '' comes to mind right now -RRB- .
 What a strange title for a review . I hated this book when I had to read it in High School -LRB- along with `` A Brave New World '' and `` Animal Farm '' -RRB- . It was n't I could n't understand the story , but rather , the `` Meaning '' of the story was being thrust down our throats . I grew up in the time of fear of Communism overtaking the world , where people even feared their own government -LRB- it was during Vietnam and all the riots at universities ; where anti-war people were voicing their opinions , etc -RRB- and every teacher I had was seeing this as some `` sacred prophesy '' of time to come . At University I had to study it , and write a lengthy discussion on its intended meanings . Interestingly , as I researched the novel I discovered that the date was not some `` futuristic prophesy '' but rather a reversal of the date 1948 , and much of the things mentioned in the book were common practice at that time and even before it during the war.I was completely put off this book and all those other futuristic books because they viewed society as nothing but a group of mindless nothings doing what the government told them to do . And I considered how long I had to wait for that horrible year , that prophetic year to arrive . Surely someone would improve on society and not destroy it.As years passed , and the `` inevitable date '' arrived , the world did n't stop , the mind control was n't happening , and well , we were able to think as we wanted to . Obviously the book was not prophesy . Communism fell so all the books decrying that `` evil way of life '' became empty and their content no longer important.So , what makes the book worth while now ? It is not what it is saying was happening in Britain at that time -LRB- though it was telling us a bit of the truth -RRB- , it is not its warning about Communism or even society in the future ; it was it warning about what happens in life to us when we allow ourselves to give into the propoganda of governments , media , and whoever you may think of , even the super right wing , and allow them to tell us what to think , and control what we do.In order for us to do that , we have to actually pretend the truth around us is not so , we have to decide what we hear is more real than what we live , see , and experience . It is that sort of `` pretending '' that Windston , the main character , simply can not do . That truth to self does get him in the end , for that sort of mental and emotional independence is seen as a threat to the society he is living in . What Orwell was telling his reader was simply , when we allow ourselves to accept the `` pretty lie '' , to believe as we are told to believe , to conform when it means giving up our very ability to think and understand , we create the soil for such a society to exist . We create the world that lets in sterility of thought , that allows massive belief of whatever we are told -LRB- like what Hitler did regarding the Jews -RRB- ; we allow society to control us , to think for us , and to tell us what value we hold . All these things contribute to create a society devoid of creativity , conscience , direction , meaningful life , and of compassion and caring . Society becomes cold , calculating , and inhuman . His book is exploring what a society is really like when those `` virtues '' become its heart.Now that the book has been stripped of its `` prophetic revelations '' and all those other trappings that teachers thrust on it -LRB- that made it a real pain to enjoy to read -RRB- , I have discovered a profound thought , one far deeper than the fear of `` Big Brother '' or of Communism ; a society devoid of real thinking , self-determined people becomes no society at all , no matter how `` perfect '' it may seem on the surface.Orwell used what he knew , the experiences of his day , and they are just as applicable to our day as they were back then in war torn England . And we are being sold the same bill of goods . Sadly , though , we buy into them because of our fear of what could be . And so did the characters in the society Orwell described . They did as they were told because even that discomfort was better than the imagined threat life had to offer them . Are we not told we must endure the `` never ending war on terror and through never-ending war we will be at peace ? '' Are we not told that by giving up our freedoms and our ability to think and openly express our views , even our opposition to government policy , we are helping protect our freedoms ? '' Are we not told what to think , including our `` fat police '' out there who want to regulate even what we eat -LRB- very 1984 , I have to add -RRB- ? What he described is , we are a society where we let and allow others to tell us what to think , how to act , and we gladly give up our agency to choose , because , if we can put the responsibility on someone else , we feel freed from any guilt when things fail . The exaggerated technical controlling of the people may not yet be a reality , but the ideological controlling of people is now our reality.I agree with many reviewers , this book is a book of our time , even if we have to strip it of all the past interpretations and fears to get to the substance of the message . The book increases in meaning with age .
 Doublethink and Newspeak need no explanation to people growing up with a Patriot Act that takes away liberties . We do n't need the brilliant economic explanation that Orwell provides for the state of perpetual war with constantly changing enemies ... But it 's amazing how `` 1984 '' keeps popping up on enigmatic posters at recent antiwar rallies with references to doubleplusgood wars and war equalling peace and freedom equalling slavery . On February 15 in New York , I saw a young man holding a poster with the ultimate reference to this great cautionary novel
 George Orwell 's 1984 is a futuristic novel in which every movement of people is controlled by a government headed by `` Big Brother '' , which is determined to dominate every aspect of people 's lives . The slogan that `` freedom is slavery '' and `` war is peace '' is a constant theme within the story , and Orwell 's explanation of war being a mere political and economic tool is exactly correct , as has been demonstrated by vietnam and the korean conflict , as well as other US military involvements . His description of the government being an all-powerful , all-knowing entity is not entirely too far off from the communistic governments of today . What is amazing is that Orwell wrote the book in 1949 , projecting what life would be like 35 years later , and he was not very far off in his assessment . The amount of freedom that people have has drastically been reduced in society , as is the case in 1984 . Telescreens which can see and listen to people 's private lives are the norm in a world where nothing is secret and almost anything is a crime against the State . The main character , Winston Smith , spends the entire novel realizing that this is the case . Orwell 's 1984 is truly a fairly accurate portrayal of the social and governmental conditions that are present in todays society
 Orwell was dead-on in his vision of a possible future for the Western world . Indeed , according to recent events , Big Brother is HERE and voting Republican .
 It 's still 1984 today . Look around you , friends . You go to the doctor and instead of receiving the kind of care that is best for you , you receive the care that the doctor 's peers have agreed on will be least likely to get them sued . Even though the care is substandard and may even be quite harmful , your welfare is not as important as their standard of care . This same kind of thinking is seen everywhere . Big brother is indeed watching you .
 This is also a very good read for the liberty minded showing the oppression that can be wrought by a government unchecked .
 In 1949 , George Orwell -LRB- pen-name of Eric Arthur Blair -RRB- published what many consider his magnum opus , Nineteen Eighty-Four . In this dystopian future , Great Britain is part of an ideological superstate that maintains a totalitarian grip on society that is all-encompassing , with the population being monitored by round-the-clock surveillance , with government agencies that control all aspects of daily life , and with the very language manipulated to stifle un-approved thinking . It 's the story of Winston Smith , who dreams that it might just be possible to oppose `` the Party '' and bring about change , and it 's about the lessons he learns about the true nature of power in the modern world.I first read this book in 1988 , and while I did find it interesting , I thought that it went too far in expanding the Communist system of oppression to the entire world . But , watching the world around me I am astounded to find that Mr. Orwell 's dystopia is actually beginning to have its echoes in my reality . I reread the book , and was surprised at just how prescient the book really was . The government wishing to monitor people without search warrants , the limitless laws that seem to reach into every aspect of everyday life , and even the manipulation of language to remove certain words or ideas as `` politically incorrect . `` Just how much does this book reflect reality ? For those who would lead us , is it true that , `` power is not a means , it 's an end '' ? Is it true that , `` If you want a vision of the future ... imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever '' ? Or perhaps it 's a boot on a human neck?Whether this book is a prescient look at a future that is already being built , or a piece of doomsayer literature that goes too far , it is a classic of English literature that can not be ignored . I find this to be one of the most interesting and disturbing books that I have ever read , and it is definitely one that I think should be read by EVERYONE .
 This book was AWESOME . I had to read it over the summer for class , and I was totally bummed out because I had already spent half the summer reading other really old , lousy books for the same class , but I really liked this one ! It went fast , which I liked , even though it was on the long side , and it was just really cool . The storyline was different , and though I was sort of expecting some of the events , they were still surprising and realistic . The end was also really interesting , and I was n't expecting it to end how it did . Read it , it 's a classic , and it 's really good !
 Volumes have been written about this book , so it 's hard to add something new to everything that has been said about it . So I 'd like to emphasize one aspect of 1984 that in my opinion is often overlooked when people discuss this masterpiece . Quite often , this book is criticized for things like simplicity of its plot or flat dialog . Whether you agree or disagree with this kind of criticism -LRB- I personally disagree -RRB- I think reviews like this totally miss the point . Yes , there are books with more compelling characters , with much more sophisticated plots and with more complex relationships . But this is not the reason 1984 stays popular . What make this novel special is its masterful portrayal of totalitarianism.Majority of modern Western readers who open 1984 have no personal experience with totalitarianism and very vague idea of this kind of society actually means . Sure , we all read news about countries like North Korea , but we read on the same page that talks about Kim Kardashian 's marriage . It takes a book like 1984 -- and there are n't many books like this -- to show true horrific nature of totalitarian society . When you read this book you can almost feel how suffocating a society like this is . You nearly experience the monstrosity of a place where even thinking about something forbidden is a crime and where the state completely owns its citizens . The book reminds us that societies like this have always existed and helps us appreciate the freedom we have a little more.This is what makes 1984 special and this is why this book stays relevant for decades .
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston Smith
 When it comes to this book , I have to recommend it . I listened to this book during my deliveries via audiobook . It took me quite a few attempts to actually indulge myself into the story , but once I managed it , I found myself wishing to know more . The book is QUITE slow in the beginning . The whole point is to build up an understanding of why Big Brother is hated . The author puts so much time and words into this , that there is no way you can miss it . By the time it is apply , you are hooked . The climax hooks you in and makes you go page after page in a sitting.The ending ... . oh my . You just do n't see it coming . I give Orwell Kudos for daring to go there , but you just ca n't be prepared for it.The point of books like this ... is to have you turn the back cover over , with a burning in your stomach and a feeling tingling through your nerves . This book accomplishes this . You leave the book feeling content , yet angry , yet sad , yet longing . You wish for more , but you have to be content with what you were given.A lesson you learn from Big Brother .
 I read this book while living in South Korea , about an hour away from North Korea . The more I read the more I realized that this is what life is like for those living across the border . I do n't normally read fiction books , but this was one that sucked me in . I could n't put it down . I read Animal Farm in High School but for some reason never got round to reading any more of his work . Orwell 's characters are 3 dimensional and very believable . Julia 's character reminded me a lot of the Gen-Y youth of today.The book is depressing , but also has some underlying positive messages . Sadly , Winston loses his will and thus his capacity for emotions after being tortured for a prolonged period of time . As I read this part I found myself getting more and more angry with his captors . They methods were unjust , and they not only dehumanized Winston and the others , but also themselves . They became like animals . Reminded me of Dostoevsky `` If God is dead all things are permissible . '' The Party wins in the end , and turns Winston into their slave . But on the positive side , the Party had to expend an enormous amount of energy and time to convert just one person . I kept asking myself why the did n't kill him and just be done with it ? Why all the effort . The best answer I came up with was that Winston was no use to them dead , and that if he died as a heretic they would have lost . They would not have had total power , hence the need to break him in the last frontier
 This is such a grim , frightening and scary book by George Orwell . Set in 1984 , it depicts a horrible society where Big Brother -LRB- the government -RRB- is always watching and you can be punished for `` thought crimes . '' There is no freedom at all , and it is just a really punishing and strict society . Winston Smith tries to rebel against the government , and meets two people , Julia , a young woman who hands him a note reading , `` I love you '' and O'Brien , a mysterious man at his workplace . One of these people betrays him , and , against his own instincts , he betrays the other.This is a pretty engaging and suspenseful book , though like I said , it was quite grim , and I think I preferred Animal Farm , as it was more effective in terms of the point Orwell was trying to make and was not quite so grim . However , still a good book . * You can read all of my reviews at my blog , novareviews.blogspot.com *
 A dreary vision of a tolitarian and invasive world where the peoples minds and thoughts , and even there sexual desires are controled . A violation or a suspected thought of disagreement is punishable by death . But a few people still see the world for what it is , and can not figure out if they are better or worse than before the `` Revolution '' . It is honestly a very sad story as there can be only one end for these poor people . Still a must read for anyone who sees their government for what it really is .
 Too often people summarily dismiss anything with the word ` classic ' on the outside of it as something that is either too deep to understand or too tame to be interesting . 1984 defies the second mold and blows away the first , roaring off its pages as an untamable black-hearted novel about society.That 's where the ability to define the novel stops . Undoubtedly , when the reader finishes 1984 , the last four words are going to draw a line for them ; that line will be the one that demarcates whether the reader is a socialist -LRB- that the power of production in society lies in the hands of the state -RRB- or a capitalist -LRB- that the power of production in society should lie in individuals -RRB- . The brief bio at the beginning of the novel states that Orwell himself was a socialist ... this is a strange thing to have to hear because you get the feeling that the novel is not pulling for that side , nor the other.Because that is the strange greatness that is this novel - it pulls for nothing , gives no easy answers , and least of all holds back on the literary punch that it delivers . Some novels put forth a question then attempt to answer it -LRB- Dostoevsky 's ` The Idiot ' is one such attempt -RRB- and they are great for their own pattern . 1984 is of the other milieu , giving us only a large , unanswered question which is bound to divide us as much as it helps us to see the problems which we all face.I 've not talked much about the plot of the book , nor the characters to this point . To this I must simply say
 George Orwell wrote this novel in 1948 -LRB- reversing the last two digits for the title -RRB- as a foreshadowing of what the world will be in 1984 if totalitarian regimes are not kept in check . Orwell had written some other essays and books on similar lines , warning against the dangers of oligarchy , but 1984 is especially gloomy and frightening . Perhaps , as pointed out by some other reviewers , his illness at the time of writing had something to do with it.The new regime in Orwell 's 1984 controls a part of the world called Oceania , and is not only at constant war with the two other powers - Eurasia and Eastasia -LRB- both with doctrines indistinguishable from Oceania -RRB- - but also exercises complete control over its individuals through four ministries
 George Orwell 's classic novel , 1984 , is set in a grim world where life is stripped down to its basis . Winston Smith , the main charachter , is just one of many Outer Party members , those who live under the support of the government , but also live under many government restrictions . The government controls everything , and Big Brother sits at the top of a totalitarian society . In the mind of Winston , Big Brother watches all . Winston differs from many of the Outer Party in the fact that he remembers the past . He can recall that years earlier , Oceania , the massive third of the world formed by the Americas , Australasia , and Airstrip One -LRB- Great Britain -RRB- , was at war with Eastasia , another massive sect of the globe . Yet , in the year 1984 , Oceania wars with Eurasia , and has always warred with Eurasia . The Government , enforced by the Thought Police , controls even the past . Any history is changed in accordance with current events . If Oceania is at war with Eurasia , it has always been at war with Eurasia . Any evidence that suggests otherwise is destroyed at once.Winston slowly becomes aware of the wrongdoings of the Party , and seeks out ways to defy it . He first purchases a diary and begins writing in it , which , although not directly forbidden , is an act of thoughtcrime . He even subconsciously writes pages of the phrase `` DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER '' . As his awareness progresses , he takes increasing risks . He returns to the store where he purchased the diary , and buys a piecce of coral encased in glass . This makes him feel connected to the beauty of the past . The largest of these risks is his secret love affair with another Party member . He is later contacted by a man by the name of O'Brian , and inner party member . Winston and his lover meet with this cryptic figure and discuss a secret rebellion called the Brotherhood . Winston and Julia immediately join in the hope of bringing the Party to its knees.All in all , this book expresses Orwells deep fear of what the world is becoming . In this grim novel , war is constant , and neverending . I would imagine that is what the outcome of World War II would seem like . It also expresses the fear of a totalitarian rule that strips life down to its bare essentials . The Party tries to make this seem like a benefit for the entire society , but in reality , all the Party wants is the power to stay in power . It is almost a grim prediction of the rise of communism . The government , in essence , is almost similar to that of the Soviet Union . This everlasting war can easily be compared to the Cold War . This nearly prophetic view of the future presents an interesting view of society , and therefore is a must read .
 This book really bedazzled me when I read it in High School.The media is controlled , the history is rewritten , and the enemies/allies are meant to look like it has always been the same -LRB- even though it changes -RRB- . Anything of a NATURAL human nature is pushed aside , especially love . This is a cold world , that sounds almost purely sci-fi . Unfortunately , some of it is happening now , with the media being controlled by the Pentagon -LRB- yes it is really happening now , with this war and all -RRB- . All in the name of fighting the `` other side '' - aka terrorists!Anyhow , I keep blabbing , its an awesome book , especially if you read it now , and then wonder what is really happening !
 Oceania , with the British Isles , the America 's and other lands , and London as its capital is a totalitarian state . Winston Smith works on changing past newspapers and other documents to make them doctrinally consistent with the short term needs of the party running Oceania , INGSOC . Thus documents are changed to make it seem that Oceania has always been at war with one of the two other nations of the world , Eurasia and in an alliance with EastAsia , the other nation ; similarly is the construction when Oceania goes to war with EastaAsia . Similarly documents will be changed that have some INGSOC official uttering an inaccurate prediction about economic performance so that the official will have originally made an accurate prediction . . Documents are changed to eliminate mention of former favored party members after they fall out of favor and are sent to a forced labor camp or are `` vaporized . '' Winston and other bureaucrats throw doctrinally inaccurate documents into the `` memory hole '' , a chute , attached to his cubicle where they are sent down to the inner recesses of the government building to be burned.Party members have in their homes and offices `` telescreens '' where they receive propaganda , are led in mandatory morning exercises but through which are also watched by officials for suspicious facial expressions , or any activity that might indicate independence of mind or feelings of love , enthusiasm or any other human emotion that are not directed at Big Brother , the possibly non-existent ruler of Oceania . People who exhibit such tendencies towards `` thought crimes '' are immediately arrested , executed or released back into society brainwashed and then rearrested and shot or sometimes sent to a forced labor camp.INGSOC indoctrination ensures that its party members will not be able to not think logically and instead be completely subordinated to their emotions , which are completely engrossed in worshipping Big Brother . `` Doublethink '' is what is called the ability of the INGSOC party member to somewhat recognize the logical fallacies and outright falsehoods the party propagates as truth . At the same time such fallacies and falsehoods are accepted as the truth because one 's emotions are trained to accept the party 's pronouncements as truth whatever common sense says . Thus , it is easy to accept that two plus two equals five when logic says two plus two equals four . Or to not see anything wrong in the Ministry of Torture being officially called `` The Ministry of Love , '' The ministry of truth management/propaganda , etc , where Winston works , as `` The Ministry of Truth , and so on . Or to have the party denounce the original ideals of socialism while declaring itself to be a repository of socialist purity . Logic seems to be only tolerated when examining the crimes of official enemies of Oceania.The bigger one 's vocabulary is , of course , the more one can utilize it to articulate opposition to the party ; so INGSOC wants to keep Newspeak-the language it is developing -- and the remaining use of `` Oldspeak '' - old standard English -- as small as possible . In Newspeak there is no bad to good . Instead bad is called `` ungood , '' `` very good '' in oldspeak is called `` doubleplusgood . '' INGSOC indoctrination and throwing old documents and dictionaries down the `` memory hole '' has made `` freedom '' have no political connotations but only is defined as in the sentence `` She was now free from the illness . '' Most documents before 1960 are sent down the memory hole or like the Declaration of Independence , altered to express doctrines of INGSOC.Orwell is not just talking about Stalinism in this book . He sort of touches on elements of our own society . The bottom eighty five percent of Oceanic society , the non-party members are called `` Proles '' , for Proletarian . The Proles are far less constrained by party discipline than INGSOC members produces for them and encourages them to consume dumb popular songs , pornography , trashy novels , play lotteries . . They are encouraged to jingoist frenzies where they attack foreigners and watch parades where they can jeer at foreign POW 's and so on . All this distracts them from organizing to seize economic and political justice for themselves . They are still economically enslaved as they were under capitalism.The sort of Trotsky of the story , Goldstein , notes that Oceania 's rulers want to keep throwing resources into war-making so as not to have to divert them to making an equitable standard of living for the masses . Erich Fromm notes in his 1961 Afterward notes a few examples of how we in the U.S. practice `` doublethink . '' He gives the example of the person who works for Corporation A and defends its products and everything about it as perfect regardless of what one 's common sense might say . However the person will attack his employer 's rival corporation B , trying logically to look for flaws in the latter 's products and so on . Then the person might switch to employment in corporation B. , thus switching loyalty to the latter , and attack the flaws of Corporation A. , its former employer . Fromm also notes how American propagandists described U.S. allies as part of the Free World even though it contained viscous Latin American military dictatorships , apartheid South Africa , Salazar 's Portugal , Franco 's Spain , and so on.As a piece of literature , this book is excellent . The structure , the parts of the story , are well put together and flow together well . Winston 's struggle to maintain his intelligence and impendence is very realistic and well told . I liked the views of life among the Proles as seen by Winston . How Winston and Julia make contact and their first meeting where they end up fornicating are all a little unreal . . But despite this the Winston-Julia love story is very charming , full of real feeling . Winston 's experiences in the last part of the book are described vividly , if being slightly incredible .
 I read 1984 in high school , probably around 1987 or so . I had wanted to read 1984 for several years , because in the actual year of 1984 -LRB- I was 13 at the time -RRB- , there was a lot of media coverage about how Orwell 's `` prediction '' had not come true . -LRB- This of course is a coy oversimplification of the book . -RRB- It was very strange to me at the time ; I found their repeated , incessant insistence that 1984 was pure fiction suspicious . I could not help but think
 The 20th Century has brought forth dystopia , and a plethora of dystopia literature . Some of the books , such as The Giver , are very good . Others , like Fahrenheit 451 , are excellent . Of them , two are genius - A Brave New World -LRB- Huxley -RRB- - A Clockwork Orange -LRB- Burgess -RRB- - and one is supreme
 You ca n't always read a book merely because it 's a `` classic '' and expect it to be `` that good . '' Yet 1984 IS `` that good . '' The first half of the book is a bit slow and stagnant , yet the end section of this book is absolutely frightening and marvelous . What happens to Julia and Winston is so incredibly sad that I cried . Yes , this is just a book . Yet , when you think in a broader perspective ... if you rise above the `` plot '' and think of Orwell 's message , you ca n't help but be in awe . Think about it , Orwell 's three principles in the book : WAR IS PEACEFREEDOM IS SLAVERYIGNORANCE IS STRENGTHHow relevant is that to today ?! When you answer that question , you realize WHY this is novel , written in 1949 , is a `` future '' novel ... yet you realize how the eerie future Orwell presents in his novel relates to modern times.A must-read ... but do n't just read it . It 's more important to try to grasp Orwell 's message in the book.Marvelous , wonderful , frightening , and more importantly , it makes you think .
 I really enjoyed reading this . It 's a shame I did n't get the more expensive hardcover because I plan to keep this book and read it as many times as I possibly can in my life time . It 's a brilliantly written satire of what our world would be like without the free will that some people take for granted . This book was so good that I would say that there should be a law that everyone read this , but that would kind of contradict what the book is about . I 'm pretty confident that after you 've finished , you 'll be glad you bought this book .
 Just finished 1984 by George Orwell . Truly , this is the best novel in the entire dystopian genre . Orwell eschews the lighthearted writing style of Aldous Huxley for an atmosphere suffused with fear and paranoia . In terms of creativity , 1984 is one of the most refreshing books I 've ever read
 Winston Smith knows something is wrong with his world . Smith spends his days re-writing history . He lives in a society where everything , even `` facts '' are tenuous . His movements , and the movements of his fellow citizens , are monitored by The Party . Big Brother is always watching . Freedom is an antiquated idea that no longer exists . One is n't even free inside one 's own head . The Thought Police always find out.George Orwell 's famous dystopian novel is an excellent and timely read . People often crack jokes about this novel and our present society , but how far off the mark are those comments ? An absolutely engaging and frightening read about a forbidden love affair and a corrupt society , I highly recommend this novel .
 1984 is one of those books you 're supposed to read in school , the kind that all the weird , geeky kids with Chuck Taylor All Stars and too much acne read while ranting about The Man . It 's a well-known manifesto of those playing at anti-government , anti-establishment , brandishing about their membership cards for the Society for Creative Anarchy . This is n't for the kids that read trashy romances or pulp novels
 I 'm always struck by the dichotomous reactions to 1984 . Some will claim it 's brilliantly written , others that it 's horribly written . Some paint it as an attack on socialism , others as a brilliant satire of modern republican democracy . I find it utterly terrifying if only because its ideas run further into the fabric of our society than most people know ; that because there are no posters for Ingsoc on the walls they assume there is not one stamped indelibly in their mind.Or , to put the point lucidly , the horror of 1984 is n't the telescreens and rocket bombs , nor is it even the Thought Police . The horror is the idea , and the idea is still being fought against even today.I suppose first of all I should consider the writing . It 's fantastic . It 's subtle . It 's appropriate . From the very first sentence ` the clock struck thirteen ' the reader is informed something is very * wrong * here . Clocks do not strike thirteen ; they strike twelve . It 's as common as green lights meaning go . From the very beginning an undercurrent of wrongness is present . Orwell also maintains the difficult proposition of keeping his writing limited to the point of view of Winston while at the same time trying to explain enough of his dystopia to make it plausible and whole.Second , its ` point ' . Well , despite the unfortunate name given , Ingsoc -LRB- or ` English Socialism ' -RRB- is no more proper socialism than it is facism , or republicanism . All three rely on a precariously perched ruling class and a shortage of the necessities of life . Unfortunately too many were influenced by the satire of ` Animal Farm ' and its seemingly obvious parallels to the Soviet Union -LRB- try this fun game ; the old pig is not Lenin but Franklin . Snowball , rather than Trotsky , is Jefferson and his ideological children . Napoleon is not Stalin but Alexander Hamilton . Insert names as needed . The true genius of ` Animal Farm ' is that its archetypes can be filled by the proper people/ideologies of almost any modern government . -RRB- This book is n't about the Soviet Union . The SU is , if anything , infinitely preferable.Orwell is attempting to make the point -LRB- further explained in his essay ` Homage to Catalonia ' -RRB- that all government has that awful potential , and each is as likely to slide into totalitarianism as another . Those who say the book is an attack on communism area -RRB- woefully misinformed ; the society depicted in 1984 bears little or no relation to communism or socialism beyond the communal obligation , and this obligation is not to one 's fellow man as in proper socialism but to the state , and is then fascism or republican democracy if it is anything , andb -RRB- naive if they believe that the fall of the Soviet Union makes the book 's ideas irrelevant . Orwell observed more than once that no government is inherently ` better ' than any other . Anyone who says of communism `` Well , it failed in the Soviet Union , did n't it ? That proves it did n't work ! '' might well look towards Athens , Rome , France , Germany , and countless other countries where democracy failed even more spectacularly . Any government can fail at any time in any place given the proper conditions . Democracy can collapse . Monarchs can be overthrown . Fascists can be defeated . Communists can be glasnosted out of existence . Orwell observes the Marxist idea that a distribution of wealth , even if still geared towards the wealthiest one percent , would still proportionately increase the standard of living of the average person to the point where they would realize the Highs are superflous appendages , the appendices and vestigial lower ribs of the social body.Totalitarianism , Orwell argues , exists at the core of all governments and , despite the best intentions of its rulers , a government is almost a living entity in and of itself , and will naturally seek to aggregate as much power to itself as possible . Whether one is ruled by an absolute monarch or a representative body this tendency remains.Perhaps the most terrifying moment occurs within the reader
 Think about a world where thinking unorthodox thoughts about the government is a crime , punishable by torture and death . Everywhere you go you are in the presence of a telescreen , or a two way television , where people can see you , instead of you just seeing them . Microphones are placed everywhere , catching every single word you speak.This is the world of 1984 . A novel by George Orwell , a novel not about what life might be , but of what it is becoming . Published in 1949 , the book offers political satirist George Orwell 's nightmare vision of a totalitarian , bureaucratic world and one man 's attempt to find himself . A communist government , called Oceania are at constant war with two other similar governments , Eastasia , and Eurasia . Eternal warfare is the price of bleak prosperity.The story is about a man named Winston Smith . He lives in a time when the love of somebody is illegal , not just the act , but the feelings and nature toward one another . When Winston meets Julia , a romance sparks . But they can only see each other secretly , away from the telescreens and microphones . They soon join the underground opposition of the party , called the brotherhood . One day , the Thought Police -LRB- Some police that can read your thoughts and stuff if you have bad thoughts , they catch you -RRB- catch them in their hideout , an upper story room on top of an old antique shop.In my opinion , this novel is a very scary and timely book . The fact that this book can be non-fiction can scare the living daylights out of you . The book is fairly complicated , and the beginning is quite slow . This book is not necessarily meant to create a scare , but to warn people about what might happen in one . The last four words can create a very serious case of depression or it may leave you something to think about afterwards . I know it happened to me . Most definitely I would recommend this book , but I have to warn you that it can not be treated like an old rag , something that you can just toss aside when you do n't want it . It will take you really close to psychosis , and then toss you into a suffocating kind of depression . This is not a novel you will neglect , and it is not a book you can read without wondering about everything you think and do . You 'll never hear the phrase `` Big Brother is watching you '' again without chills going all over you body , giving you shivers , and fear filling every little space of your body.This book can also be quite confusing to some , and boring at the same time . I am only in the 8th grade , and many of the government aspects of the book were quite hard to catch . The last 45 pages or so of this book though , was very interesting . It reminded me of a parent hitting a child if they were bad . They keep on hitting them until they learn what is right in the parent 's point of view . If you are looking for a book in which you can sit down and relax , then do n't try this book .
 The scariest , deepest , most intesting , and undoubtedly the best book I 've ever read . When I started it , I could n't put it down . When I finished it , I could n't pick it up for fear of paranoia . Even now , after I 've finnaly somewhat gotten over it , there are still some nights I ca n't sleep thinking about this unbelievably incredible book . It 's ten times scarier than any Stephen King novel , and it 's at least as deep , if not deeper , than anything written by Poe or Shakespeare . This book should undoubtedly be a requirement for anyone in the entire world living under any form of government . The story takes place in 1984 , but it could be set in 2084 and not much would change . There is absolutely nothing I 've ever read which even comes close to projecting the kind of heavy , depressing , absolute fear which uterly consumes the reader and stays with them forever . Of course I would recommend this book , but I must warn that it ca n't be treated lightly . It will send you to the edge of paranoia , and throw you into a smothering kind of depression . This is not a book you will soon forget , and it 's not a book you can read without questioning everything you think and believe . You 'll never hear the phrase `` Big Brother is watching you '' again , without chills going down you 're spine , and fear filling every corner of your being
 Anyone who read George Orwell 's classic 1984 when they were younger and did n't enjoy it , needs to give it another read . I understood its freightening warning much better when I read it as an older more mature person.I just saw a show on MSNBC the other night about real `` Big Brother '' technology that is in use today . Some cities in England are using stratigicly placed surveillance cameras that can actually automatically focus in on suspicious looking characters and run a picture of their face against a database of known criminals . Another example of `` Big Brother '' technology is electronic toll collection systems that allow the `` authorities '' to track your whereabouts.Certainly , doublespeak is often used in politics and to shape public opinion today . Bombing innocent civilians and causing widespread destruction is now the meaningless term `` collateral damage '' . The `` Defense Department '' is more of an offensive international policing agency that is ready , willing , and able to wreak havoc on any country which is diagreeable to the United States . Nuclear missles are dubiously named `` peacekeepers '' . IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH is America today . How many people in America actually educate themselves about the issues of the day and about the real nature of the politicians running for office ? It 's pretty obvious to anyone who has bothered to educate themselves that many politicians often do n't practice what they preach . People are too quick to just accept sound bites as facts , and do n't bother to educate themselves regarding the issues of the day.The only way we can prevent a totalitarian regime like George Orwell described in 1984 from becomming a reality is for every person to be vigilant about protecting their rights and the rights of others , and for people to constantly question things and educate themselves . Unfortantely , I do n't have much hope that people will actually prevent George Orwell 's nightmare vision from becoming a reality . We 're closer than most people realize . 1984 is here !
 George Orwell 's oft referenced 1984 is a strikingly visual and visceral portrayal of life under a completely effective totalitarian regime . Orwell 's use of adjectives to create a dank , despairing mood is beyond astonishing ; I do n't think I 've ever read anything which approaches its power . He seems to criticize a government which resembles Nazi Germany in many ways , though I do n't know exactly what he was aiming his literary ire at . Overall , an emotionally stabbing book which refuses to allow the reader any positive feelings toward powerful governments .
 this book is timeless , and very relevant for current situation with the marxists destroying my Constitution and the marxist controlled media assisting and not reporting violations , and hindering the flow of information .
 This novel is an obvious source of inspiration for many modern authors . A chilling look at true nature of society , Orwell captivates the reader long after this book is finished . The theme and messages of the story transcends through the ages , though the quality of writing of is stuck in a time where it constantly has to validate itself .
 Do n't go to room 101 ... you might not like it.The biggest issue of today is personal privacy and how do we protect ourselves against the constant control and invasion of the government in every minute of our lives.This book will absolutely scare the s *** out of you . The date is unimportant ... the process toward this future must be reversed .
 `` He who controls the presant , controls the past , he who controls the past controls the future . . '' this book tells how the government can pull the wool over ones eyes If the dont be carefull . when I heard the slogans : WAR IS PEACE , FREEDOM IS SLAVERY , IGNORENCE IS STRENGTH I thought of the corrupt society it is . war is peace means that you have the target to kill so dont think just do.freedom is slavery means that when you have somany choices that your enslaved by them for example
 To anyone who wants to know about the so called ` communism ' that happened all over the world , read the book . Mostly , if not exactly , the imagination of Orwell was reality . And worst of all , it is still a reality in lots of places .
 Any one who loves this book should really be listening to the band `` ANTI-FLAG '' or `` Guttermouth '' ... I loved this book , and am just about to start reading `` the Anarchist Cookbook '' . all of you 1984 fans should read it too.Bye .
 As a high school sophomore who just recently read this review , I am pleased to say that this novel got me interested in literature all over again . It is a shocking message to society that will change the reader forever . When reading this book , one must not only appreciate the plot ; you should also look deeper into the more frightening , pscychological concepts involved -LRB- such as doublethink -RRB- . It 's more than a story , you must read on a higher level and imagine yourself as Winston himself . The theme of hoplessness is quite appropriate , I 'd say , since a society without emotion or means of revolution is indeed hopeless . I would recomend this to anyone . YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK !!!
 I will never read this book again . It broke me to pieces . I was bed-bound for days . It changed the way I thought about government and , in fact , just about everything . A terror of giving the slightest degree of control to anyone , because they could take more . Read it if you dare .
 Nineteen Eighty-Four remains the popular watchword for invasion of privacy fifty years after its publication . The novel can be read as a warning against the malign personalization that could be possible with a systematic technological attack on privacy . ` The worst thing in the world , ' says the hero 's torturer , ` varies from individual to individual . ' The evil state in 1984 sought to control mindspace and to dictate identity to its subjects . `` The command of the old despotisms was `` thou shalt not '' . The command of the totalitarianisms was `` Thou shalt '' . Our command is
 Make no mistake about it , this novel is possibly the most terrifying thing ever written , c ertainly one of the few that shocked me . But the Party is not a masterpiece society . For example , if the mythological , immortal Emmanuel Goldstein -LRB- get it ? -RRB- , the face to be forever stamped on , is said to be a traitor , once a member of the Party . What problem should BB have with thoguht criminals walking to the stake proclaiming their heresy ? Also , within years of the story , all Inner Party members would be dead . But the Party would still continue , the old world abolished ? No , as was seen with Julia , even those raised from birth by the party still occasioanlly break free from the rule . Also , there is hope int he proles . A thought-criminal might have no more to dot han get some possessions of the Inner Party to the hands of the proles , enough to make them realize they are oppressed . This novel is , however , horribly accurate in its prediction of dehumanization by technological advancement . I suppose however , I see hope int his dystopia , because perhaps , unlike Winston , I do believe in God . Down With Big Brother !
 This has to one of the best books i have ever read . It shows us what the world would be like if governments obtained complete power over the populace . It makes one think , and if you are not ready for how it makes you think then you may find it long and boring . Give it a chance though , you 'll be rewarded .
 I am a 7th grader and I had to read this book for GT -LRB- Gifted and Talented program -RRB- and I thought it was really quite interesting , but a little hard to understand . I still do n't understand the Ignorance is strength , War is Peace , etc. . They are just oxymorons to me . Overall it taught me something about the power of society and that we should never let it get out of hand . I know how to speak Newspeak too .
 WAR IS PEACE . FREEDOM IS SLAVERY . IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . I am unable to adequately describe to you here how utterly amazing -LRB- also horrifying , nightmarish , grim , cold , and bleak -RRB- this book is . If you feel that you 're capable of transcending to a new level of intellectual awareness and intelligence , then you 're ready for this book . People who read this book that are n't ready for this transition will find the experience unfulfilling .
 If society continues its cownward spiral , it just may end up as Orwell 's 1984 . One need look only to the Russian Revolution and Russia under the rule of Stalin to see that such events are possible . There are very close parallels between Stalinist Russia and 1984 . Josef Stalin is much like Big Brother . Once he has sighted opposition to him or intellect , he erases that person from existence . This happened thousands upon thousands of times in Russia while Stalin was in control . The people in 1984 live life much like the peasants in Russia . They get meager rations of tasteless food , if they get any at all . One more parallel between the two is that the torture chambers of Big Brother are much like that of the Gulags of Stalin . Society should take examples from history to prevent the world from turning into the one in 1984 . It seems to me that this book is a warning to society . Examine the past , learn from it , and control the future . It is fortunate that Stalinist Russia came to and end when he died . Next time , the world may not be so lucky .
 Nineteen-Eighty Four is by far one of the best novels I have ever read . It struck me at first as a simple novel of the so-called future , but I then came to see the more subtle aspects of the human psyche . By the end of the novel , the reoccurance of `` War is Peace ; Freedom is Slavery ; Ignorance is Strength '' begin to ironically make sense . Anyone who reads this novel will begin to realize a type of `` Big Brother '' in their own life .
 Many of the reviewers on this page are part of the pre-millenium paranoia that seems to have gripped our country in a solid grasp in the last few years . What many of the people who have joined this movement fail to realize is that they have done just what Orwell warned against , becoming part of a faceless movement . All that need be given to form a mindless mob is a galant cause , and the destruction of the evil `` new world government '' fits that bill perfectly . What these people fail to realize is that the individuals trying to violate our homes , and ultimately our brains , are the pervayors of capitalism itself ; that is the owners of huge corporate conglomerates , private individuals that have a larger motivation than world domination ... greed . So , go ahead and buy this book on a computer built by a huge monopolizing business , over an `` internet '' that has exposed your personal knowledge to thousands of people -LRB- a service wich you pay for -RRB- , using a credit card which holds you constantly in debt to a group of people which you have never even seen . Know then , that some lessons are never learned .
 I read the book twice . Saw the movie -LRB- with Richard Burton -RRB- three times.Orwell 's tale is the tale of our time . It is the story of a man 's total loss of himself , and the story of the nature of the society that took his very soul . Smith 's fight against Big Brother proves more than just futile . His fight is the direct cause of his undoing both in his loss of `` freedom '' to move within his restricted society and in his loss of any concept of self.In many respects this is the ultimate horror story because after all the tyrany , torture , hate , and deceit , the greatest horror still remains inside the human psyche . Smith who could no longer believe in his lover Julia , who could no longer believe in his neighbors , who could no longer believe in the resistance & Emmanuel Goldstein , who never believed in `` God , '' finally failed to believe any aspect of himself . What 's left ? `` He loved Big Brother . `` This is an extremely powerful book . I have only touched on one of its major themes . I highly recommend it .
 The first ever Orwell book I read . I was younger , but I got the message loud and clear . Although it is complicated at times , -LRB- with the appendix and the alternate language etc. -RRB- it is masterfully written and should be read by everybody who is old enough to understand its true meaning . Although it is fiction , it is very believable ; plausable , but hopefully preventable . Highly recommended .
 1984 is , to put it lightly , hypnotic . Almost every little thing in Winston and Julia 's world is clearly described . When it all boils down , it 's about a guy , whose world 's current status quo is to have no soul , fighting against an insurmountable evil . Being a fan of the X-Files , I thought I was paranoid . But , in an all to real vision of our future , where the government controls all , I can not help but wonder - was the great master of Negative Utopia on to something ?
 Everyone knows the story of Big Brother sybolizing the communist movement in the USSR in the 1940 's , but this book is far more than that . Towards the end of the book , where other people has refeered to as boring , there is a very deep section on the human mind and our understanding of the things happening around us . This is clearly one of the greatest pieces of lititure ever written .
 In this book , George Orwell paints a very dark future for human kind in his novel 1984 . One must wonder how accurate he is about this , society 's future . He shows how a gov ' t can alter the past just as quickly as the present occurs and still maintain full power over it 's people . Today is the world going in the direction that this book depicts , to the exact destination , or are we going the opposite way . One can only think and worry about this situation , but it does appear society is heading towards what Orwell wrote so many years ago . The people of Oceania in this book were governed by telescreens monitoring everybody 's moves and giving them rules to abide by . This book depicts a communist gov ' t and a guess at how the future will be . I personally really enjoyed this book . It was one of the few books that kept my attention on every page . This is definately a book for the intelligent reader . END
 I 'll admit the book starts sorta slow but once you get 20 or so pages into it , it 's hard to put down . While I found the world that Julia and Winston lived in scary , what was even scarier is that some day this could actually come true ! While I 'm only 14 , anyone who is 13 or above should be able to grasp the main concepts of this book . You are very compassionate when you realize the vain struggle of Winston and Julia . This book also shows that human emotion while difficult can be altered and controlled . Your only hope in totalitrain society is mass rebelion or death . And the song , `` Under the spreading chestnut tree , I sold you and you sold me . '' When that played at the end my heart dropped cause it makes you realize that when humans are dissected to the core all they care for are themselves . If you think you are liberal enough to get a new view on life , read this book for it will change your outlook on life , love , and politics . It you like this book you will also like `` Animal Farm '' although not as good as 1984 , still a classic .
 Orwell 's `` 1984 '' should be read by every voter . He brilliantly illustrates the old catch theme `` Power corrupts , Absolute power corrupts absolutly . '' The government controls the populace through the `` telescreen '' which was the predecessor to video conferencing ! -LRB- scary , yes -RRB- 1984 will really make you think ; the people of 1930s-40s Soviet Union could probably identify a lot with 1984 . .
 First off , this book is incredible . At 13 years old , I did n't understand every aspect of it , but in a whole , everything made perfect , clear sense.I 'm very interested in socialist governments -LRB- no , I do n't like communist views ; I 'm a die-hard patriot at 13 ! -RRB- , and I consider myself well-informed on up-to-date politics and such . And so , upon reading this book which was recommended to me by one of my teachers , I was horrified at the resemblances that Oceania and the direction our government is headed shared . The foresight of Orwell was shocking , and he kept the book very interesting.But a good portion of the middle was ... awkward . Like , mature-content awkward -LRB- most teachers gave me girl-are-you-crazy ? looks when they saw I was reading it . Later , I realized why -RRB- . I almost did n't finish the book , but knowing its importance to my knowledge , I finished it . I definitely do not recommend it to anyone my age....-shudders-But its imperative that we as Americans read it . Remembering the mistakes of the past -LRB- and , in this case , the future -RRB- is imperative to keeping our nation a democracy . If we heed most of Orwell 's warnings , we will be better equipped to save the future , and in doing so saving the past .
 Someone 's watching . The government has you entrenched in a conspiracy so deep , where a national tragedy gave leadership the opportunity to seize all of your rights in the name of your personal protection . No , this is n't the Patriot Act - it 's `` 1984 , '' a dystopian Science Fiction novel by George Orwell , the author of `` Animal Farm . '' Written in 1949 , `` 1984 '' hardly seems as dated as its title might imply . Really , nothing could be farther from the truth . The world set up by Orwell , over seen by Big Brother and his invisible band of Thought Police , has people political prisoners within their own country . Winston , a worker in the Record Department of one of the three ministries -LRB- The Ministry of Truth , or Minitrue -RRB- , finds his mind resisting the world he 's given , not completely accepting the `` news '' he 's given , as well as doubting his contentment . He enters into a relationship , finds himself contacted by an underground resistance , and comes to discover some of the more dangerous traits of the Party . Orwell 's `` 1984 '' is an extremely well written political masterpiece , which traces societal trends in an innovative and pessimistic sort of way.From the beginning , Orwell introduces new touches of technology made from innovations in his time . Things such as telescreens -LRB- basically televisions with the capability to communicate with and spy on members of the outer party -RRB- and speakwrites -LRB- a microphone that transcribes dictations -RRB- give a modern sense to the novel , while keeping it somewhat futuristic , even in modern times . No extravagant inventions like space ships or teleporters are touched on , so there is n't a feeling of inaccuracy or over-optimism that seems to be common in more ambitious science fiction media . Honestly , I found myself wishing that something such as a speakwrite existed for homework assignments , or even writing this very review ; however , I did n't get that overwhelming sense of `` Yeah right , nothing like THAT existed in 1984 '' from the position of being here in 2007 . Orwell brings out the political message of the novel most obviously by using the supposed revolutionary Goldstein 's book . The chapters from Goldstein 's book are inserted into 1984 as Winston reads them . Although these excerpts read something like stereo instructions or college dissertations , it really affirms the politics behind Orwell 's writing . The three political bodies , or countries , in this novel consist of Oceania , Eurasia and East Asia . Oceania includes the United Kingdom , Eurasia includes the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe , and East Asia includes China and Japan . The fact that Orwell had the foresight to predict a lot of specific traits of world politics -LRB- such as the takeover of one party regimes in China -RRB- and the escalation of current world politics -LRB- such as the arms race and the containment policy against the Soviet Union -RRB- absolutely floored me . There were times when I was reading through sections of Goldstein 's history where I simply had to put it down , because some of the events supposedly taking place in the fifties and sixties I had just learned about in my history class as taking place around then . That in and of itself is not only brilliant , but very powerful ; just knowing that the book predicted some of the things that happened gives more credibility to the more radical things Orwell predicted . That 's what 's so strong about `` 1984 ; '' there 's this sense of `` It could happen . `` SPOILER WARNINGS!Another strength of the novel was the relationship between Winston and Julia . Although I personally did n't like Julia - -LRB- she struck me as a very odd sort of a rebel who did n't even seem to know what she wanted -RRB- - her character was perfect for the novel . Her quirky unpredictability and her complete disregard for authority showed how even the most seemingly active Party members harbored deep reservations about the life they were living . Also , her somewhat shallow and lukewarm interest in politics was a good portrayal of the way people would begin to act after living under an oppressively totalitarian regime . It was admittedly strange to me how Winston was impressed by how many men Julia had managed to sleep with , but their relationship was still believable . Both of them had the fundamental desire to rebel against the system , and they channeled that towards sex . Fortunately , I could n't personally relate to that , but it did represent a form of rebellion on Orwell 's part against people who want to turn sex into a utility and take all of the pleasure out of it.The ending , however , was the most potent part of the novel . When Julia and Winston are caught and tortured , and Orwell describes the nightmarish ordeal Winston is put through , the reader really comes to understand how Winston develops . Throughout the entire novel , Winston 's progression from a nervous rebel , to a carefree rebel , to a penitent traitor was perfectly delineated by Orwell . After Winston suffers through his torture and decries everything - his distaste for Big Brother , his suspicion of changing information , his mental rejection of double speak - he becomes just another guy . Another drone under Big Brother , a man who loves and follows Big Brother and works for Big Brother . At first , I admit I was disappointed . I kind of hoped for some sort of upset , a little sense of rebellion or even a feeling that something might have changed because of what Winston did . That lack of closure in that sense , however , was actually really good for the book though . It just shows how hopeless , how drone-like , how terrible an existence under a complete ruler can be , and how there really is n't any hope of the dystopian society changing after it has come in full swing . It really drove home that people should actively keep their most basic rights , and never let them slip away . `` 1984 '' was one of the most contemporary feeling books I have ever read that was written before the 80 's . It 's well written , engaging , exciting and interesting , and provides intellectual fodder as well as personal enjoyment . There is suspense , love , and introspective thought , and the entire novel is building up towards the big twists on the end . Personally , I think `` 1984 '' is one of the best of its kind , and was a better political metaphor than Alduous Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' or even Orwell 's own `` Animal Farm . '' However , you 'll never be able to look at your government the same again - Big Brother is watching you .
 You 've probably already read the other reviews on this site , so i 'll just concentrate on my opinion on the relevance of this book in our contemporary society1984 is a stark warning against totalitarianism . Written in 1948 , Orwell 's depiction of a government-controlled society seemed absurd when published , contrasting the imnumerable amount of people that 've said how real it seems now than it did then in western societyOne interesting factor is the geography of the planet . We are told very little and all we 're told is that there 're three ` super-states ' , Oceania , Eastasia and Eurasia . Oceania is constantly at war with a vague and distant enemy , and is always switching between being allies and enemies with Eurasia and Eastasia . Comparing it to today , just what is this ` war on terrorism , and how threatened do you really feel about it -LRB- disregarding media opinion -RRB- ? . America and Britian , both independantly throughout the years and in allegiance with each other recently , are constantly at war with an enemy . WWI , WWII , Cold war , Korean war , Vietnam war , Falklands War , Gulf war I and more recently Gulf war II . Societal opinions + perceptions are influenced by media , but who are we at war with ? The `` War on Terror '' clearly highlights the fact that there is no tangible enemy anymore . Explained more clearly in Goldstein 's passage in the book , we are constantly at war because it keeps us united , and stops us fighting one another , stops us fighting the government.Another interesting factor in book is the issue of government surveillance . ` Telescreen ' in homes , Cameras everywhere you walk , Microphones even in the countryside to detect rebellious behaviour . Although key issues stated in the book are n't as extreme , the power the government now has to keep tabs on people and spy on them has reached limits it has never reached before . The ` Party ' explain that this surveillance is for the benefit of the people -LRB- note
 As gripping and wrenching now as it was on my first reading in 1972 . For old film buffs there is a black and white production with Richard Burton and Fred Hurt . Also excellent . A modern dystopian tale available on Amazon , `` Transfer '' , by Jerry Furland , portrays a new tyranny not unlike Orwell 's in it 's ubiquity . `` Transfer '' is stunninglyfrsh and topical . Like Orwell , Furland 's impact is a mirror of the reader , hated or loved , but never hohum . Check it out . But hit Animal Farm before you leave Orwell : -RRB-
 George Orwell 's book 1984 , published in 1949 , was an excellent book . I thought it was amazing that he used such imagination to come up with all aspects of this book . The fact that he wrote this book in the 40 's and projected what life might be like in 1984 was very interesting . It makes you think . We think of 1984 as a punk era that is well in our past , Orwell thought of 1984 as the future , the far off future . Just as we thought that the year 2000 was going to be filled with flying cars and people living on the moon and mars , he thought of 1984 in a very different way than it turned out . Or did he . He did n't have any way to perceive all of the technological advances we would make , but he did make some very good guesses . He talks about a machine that is in every room and on every street corner . This machine is called a `` Telescreen . '' This machine watches and listens to every word and every movement you make . The local government watches this and will arrest you if you are caught going against the government . Saying anything bad will get you in jail . In the year 1984 , according to Orwell , the world has been split up into three superstates Eastasia , Eurasia , and Oceania . Oceania is were Winston Smith -LRB- the main character -RRB- lives . All of these superstates are run the same . They have a very strong central government that controls everything . These three states are constantly at war with each other and they have all created their own languages . The government in Oceania is called `` Big Brother . '' This is where the phrase `` Big brother is watching you '' came from . In these states no one is free and everyone is an enemy . People are raised on false beliefs that the government has told them . The goverment would even take it to the extreme and collect all the newspapers and rewrite them and burn the old ones if the papers stated beleifs that the goverment does n't have anymore . That is what Winston Smith did . He was a a rewriter of documents . The government of Oceania was one based totally upon mind manipulation . They used a term that they called `` Doublethink '' this was the power of holding two contradictory ideas in someones head and having them fully accept both . Big Brother raised all the people to be loyal to their government and be the government 's slaves . The people saw this as being the way of things so they went along with it , having every second of their lives planned out and watched . Even people 's children were more loyal to the government than their parents . Their was a scene in the book were a kid turned his parents in for speaking slander against the government . Even the language was cleansed and regulated . The government created a language called `` Newspeak . '' `` Newspeak '' contained only words that were cleansed in thought . For example the word bad would be translated to `` ungood . '' All in all , this book talks about the government and all the ways it is composed . But it does have a story line as well . The storyline is about Winston and this girl he meets named Julia . They both have the same strong feelings against the government and they often meet in very crowded places where it would be hard for them to be caught talking . They finally decide to join an underground group against the government . They meet with this guy O'Brien who claims to be in charge . The story starts to unfold after that meeting . This was very good book . It was very deep and intense . I loved hearing all about the Totalitarian ideas the government practiced . Plus it was cool to hear what a man in the 40 's perceived 1984 to be like . In a way he was right , we are constantly monitored by satellites and surveillance camera 's . GPS systems and even cell phones . `` Big Brother '' does exist just in a different way than Orwell perceived him . But we also do have our freedom to think and speak . These are two things that the citizens of Orwell 's 1984 did not have . But keep this in mind `` Big Brother '' could be watching you right now .
 Simply one of the greatest novels ever put to print . It is sometimes shocking , sometimes moving , sometimes sad ; but this is one of the strongest warnings about the future that we are possibly headed towards.I admit I enjoyed it much more now that I am reading it for pleasure and not school .
 This book , while written in 1945 , is still relevant today as we develop a new vision of our society . The players in our political system mimic the situation that was to be projected to 1984 . The proposed outcome in the book appears to be coming to fruition today . Excellent book , but discomfitting commentary on today 's `` progressives '' .
 This excellent book is about life which was deprived of all meaning , whose primary goal was a constantly increasing productivity motivated by an ingeniously designed social system that advocated `` love and peace . `` I was born in the Soviet Republic of Ukraine . I recall the anxiety that tormented my family during the preceding months that led to the collapse of the Soviet Union . I was seven and lived in my own universe , but I was sort of aware that the Soviet Empire was seeing its last days . Karl Marx must have been doing somersaults in his grave.I do n't remember much about living under communism - except that daily life was `` by the book '' - but I 've talked plenty about it to my parents and grandparents . When Stalin went six feet under , it became a bit more tolerable , but it remained totalitarianism nonetheless . Orwell did an exceptional job at depicting the essential aspects of that kind of state , more precisely Soviet regime . The detail that he told is fascinating ; as if Stalin or Beria had let him in on the juicy stuff . Some of it he exaggerated , some he understated , but fundamentally he was accurate . Also , it is imperative that the reader keeps in mind that it was published in 1949 . A vast majority of people in Russia and Europe were isolated from this kind of knowledge - the government made sure of that through an intricate system of secret police - so this book was a revelation . Of course we now know that , aside from the fictitious names , he essentially portrayed reality . The indoctrination that is described in the book still lingered when I attended school in Ukraine in the ` 80s . Soviet propaganda machine was thorough indeed.The history of totalitarian states is complex and enormous amount of time and literature has been dedicated to it . This book , however , is a good substitute if one can not wrestle with a lengthy 700-page tome . It wo n't make you a political scholar , but it 'll educate you on what Soviet Russia was . It 's written in a lucid manner ; however , one has to read it as nonfiction to truly appreciate the author 's vision . George Orwell is a genius and his `` 1984 '' will be read for a long time .
 This is the best science fiction story I have ever read . George Orwell constantly had me on the edge of my seat never knowing whether the Thought Police would catch Winston expressing his opinion . I really liked the way Orwell writes this book as if 1984 was such a distant future . It makes me think if our forms of government worldwide are getting to that point . This novel really made me think about how corrupt our government is and how they can do just about anything they want as in the story . Orwell also constantly uses great description . This line in particular I really enjoyed , `` Outside , even through the shut window pane , the world looked cold . Down in the street little eddies of wind were whirling dust and torn paper into spirals , and though the sun was shining and the sky a harsh blue , there seemed to be no color in anything except the posters that were plastered everywhere . '' I loved the way Orwell gave this description of London , it makes me see such a colorless world with no sign of any emotion . There were certain aspects that had me confused however . Orwell 's use of huge vocabulary had me confused at times and I would read many paragraphs over to get the full understanding . However it is good for yound readers such as myself to learn many new words . Orwell gave his knowledge about how our government today , is n't that far off as in the government in the story to millions of readers . This novel made me better understand on how things are setup in our society and how we as people need to understand that the government 's power is a problem.I highly recommend this novel to everyone . - RA , EASTLAKE
 I read this book to kill some time at work , and I have to say that the time I `` killed '' was some of the best time I ever spent with any work of fiction . I would re-read this book in a heartbeat . This novel is one of the most worthy of five stars ever published.To all students
 Many have heard allusions to Big Brother through television or movies . Many have heard that they should read this book because it 's a classic , or because of the amazing predictions from 1949 about life in the future . Everyone should read this book.If you read it hoping to find action , or hoping to find a tie to the world as we know it , you most likely wo n't comprehend the actual meaning of the words . You 'll be most successful if you consider what we have today compared to what we had when Orwell wrote the book in 1949 . Think of how much the world has changed , and how far there is left to go.Read this book , and every chapter think of the relationship to everyday life . This is n't a book that should be skimmed . Think of the implications of Orwell 's predictions . Realize that it could happen.Is it a novel , or is it possible ? Are we starting to live in Orwell 's world ?
 This is a spellbinding book . George Orwell has created in this book a society that could very well the most horrific situation any human being could ever find itself in . I loved every aspect of the book
 1984 by George Orwell is the frightening classic about the loss of freedom of thought in a totalitarian society . Judging from the luminous exposition of the world of 1984 's structure , found in latter bit of part 2 , Orwell scholarlily traced the history of organized society to date and decided upon a strictly terrifying and inhumane future . The author 's vision of 1984 -LRB- conceived in 1949 -RRB- is a cold , shocking and quite believable one . The Americas and England are united under the banter of Oceania . Big Brother is the godlike icon that leads Oceania . The Party is its governmental body . Anything the party says , any moral it promotes , any record of the past -LRB- including who has died or who has ever been born -RRB- it keeps is correct . One is monitored by the Party at all times and should not find that uncomfortable . If one shows any sign of unorthodoxy , anything but love and obedience to Big Brother and the Party , he or she must doublethink it , let it submerge into the unconscious and be replaced by more appropriate feelings or else he or she has committed thoughtcrime . With the almost omnipotent Party 's stringent regulation of thoughts , 1984 's protagonist , Winston Smith , feels like a dead man before the narration even begins . Orwell takes readers along Smith 's gloomy , hopeless path of deviation , from scribbling of `` Down with Big Brother '' in a furtive diary to his falling in love with the spirited , young rebel , Julia to his active mutiny to finally his inevitable detainment and terrifying rehabilitation , a process which takes readers to the black heart of the Party . Not only is 1984 a well paced , masterfully executed narrative , the concepts and principles it explores are awfully universal and still utterly relevant . One could apply Orwell 's hypothesis 's to both the adulation of figures from the American Revolution and how unquestionable we consider their policies and current events in the U.S. as explained by the exceptional review posted by Jim Brett on October third . 1984 is more than just a superb novel . It is a warning .
 `` 1984 '' is a wonderfuly written book , but I woud n't recomend it as a before bed read . I ended up reading the last chapters while laying in bed . Big mistake ! I would also not recomend this book to people under 13 , or even 14 . I 'm 13 , and I almost wish I had waited a couple years before reading it . In the climax of the story , I started crying from fear , and I 'm constanly having to reasure myself that the world is not like that , and never will be . Do n't get me wrong , I loved the book , and I encourage anyone who does n't mind aquiring a slight sense of paranoia , to read it .
 To see some rather disturbing indications that Orwell should be shelved somewhere between fiction and non-fiction , have a look at `` When Corporations Rule the World '' and `` Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television '' . Most people dwell on the political aspects of 1984 , naturally enough , but I 'd like to reiterate the perhaps obvious point that Orwell is a really fine writer . Many of his wry descriptions had me laughing aloud . Mark Twain 's classic definition of a classic is `` a book that everyone wants to have read , but no one wants to read . '' 1984 is a counterexample , a classic that is both eminently readable and well worth reading -LRB- unless you completely trust giant interlocking bureaucracies to look after your personal interests -RRB- .
 It is perfect and brilliant in all areas . 1984 is also one of the most misunderstood books of all time . It was n't simply a Stalinist bash or a sequel to Animal Farm -LRB- philosophically , not literally -RRB- . It was both those things , but it was , and is so much more . In a nightmarish future , Winston Smith is just an average citizen of Airstrip One . He works at the Ministry of Truth , he spends his evenings at the community center , he even helps his neighbor when the plumbing goes bad . Yet there is turmoil in Winston 's mind . He hates Big Brother , he hates Oceania and Airstrip One , and he wants simply to be human . But in his society , these thoughts are a crime . Now Big Brother is a TV show , but here it is no entertainment
 The first time I read this book I could not help but think of all the forms of voyuerism in the world today . After only a few pages I was wondering how close to Orwell 's nightmerish vision of the future we are . When will such privacy invading programs such as `` Big Brother '' -LRB- which takes its name from a central figure in this book -RRB- and `` Survivor '' evolve to the point that everyone is watched all the time . Will paranoia push privacy out the door ? The Telescreen was n't the only ominous foreshadowing in the novel . The fliud way The Party wipes out intellectualism is reminiscant of the constant `` dumbing down '' of entertainmenty today . Am I the only one who has noticed the decreased standards of quality in movies ? Overall I highly reccomend 1984 . Not only is it an excellent book , it is almost an essential read . In order to avoid the atrocities of Orwell 's imagined world , we must learn how to avoid them . I will admit , though , this is not for the faint of heart . This is a moody and cynical book throughout .
 Orwell does such a great job expressing his point in this novel . 1984 had a very interesting and thoughtful plot which made the book hard to put down . The first 30 pages were hard to get into but after that it was easy reading . The ending of the novel was a little disturbing but it was so keenly written that the author deserves so much credit for it . If u like thoughtful haunting books read it !
 This book is a story on George Orwell 's vision of 1984 whilst living in the year 1989 . Instead of the beautiful visions some of us have for future and technology right now , George Orwell writes about the nightmarish vision of 1984 and it 's `` Negative Utopia '' . The year is 1984 . You fall into a world containing our main character , Winston Smith . Winston lives in a world of control and brilliance . He lives under the power of Big Brother who is practically treated like a god of mankind . Big Brother created the history you read now , Big Brother is everything , you will serve Big Brother.WAR IS PEACE , FREEDOM IS SLAVERY , IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH.You must use Newspeak and you must not use Oldspeak but Newspeak is being updating so much that you could find yourself half illiterate the very next day . There are telescreens in rooms and on the streets to watch your ever move and if you think anything that is not righteous of Big Brother then the `` Thought Police '' come after you in the night . You are told that you are not living but that you are serving Big Brother and that Big Brother is the only person living . You are n't even sure that anything is real , but you are worried of thinking these thoughts in case you are caught . Once a person is caught and taken away to the Ministry of Love -LRB- maintains law and order -RRB- - they do not return . This is the world that Winston lives in.There is to be said a society called The Brotherhood . But you can never be sure of it because everything is so secretive . And one day Winston gets hold of a diary . It is not right to write in a diary or express your thoughts but he does so anyway . Half sure that he will be killed and half sure that it 's something that he must do . And from the start of opening his mind to reality he realises that most of the things he ` thinks ' he knows are n't really facts at all . It was true , Big Brother made the past , was the past , is the future too-because Big Brother erased everything else and corrected history at his own will.And then he meets a person who thinks with the same thoughts he has ... and then another . . and then another ... and slowly he finds out that there really IS a Brotherhood to maybe let out the truth.The book is a very worthwhile read . It 's also similar to Ayn Rand 's ANTHEM . The end is surprising and yet imaginable and interesting to think about and discuss .
 Not all doom and gloom from page 1 , 1984 is still one of the most intense , dark and thought provoking books I have ever come across . What makes it compelling is the way in which it not only examines the human condition but also bludgeons it to a bloody pulp . So why have so many people enjoyed reading such a depressing story , ever since it 's release in the late 1940 's ? I believe it to be the manner in which the novel blurs your `` in-built '' judgement of what is right and wrong , good and evil , in respect to civil liberties and the power of governing authorities . The way it inspires you to look behind the diplomacy and see the agenda . And the way it forces you to examine your own rationale for your assumptions and actions . The more I think about it , the more I like this novel and how it manages to look at the big picture and yet still remain personally affecting .
 This book is extremely powerful . That is n't a secret . The power of this book is that this is now happening in the freeworld as it had been happening in radical dictatorships . First it was western europe in the 70 's and 80 's . Then it began in the US in the 90 's during the Clinton 's reign and the rise of the NSA and ATF . Now it is spreading because of Terrorism . The bottom line is that many in the governments in these free countries mean well but do n't comprehend what is coming . The current Bush administration is just answering the call because of the power that technology has given our governments and global terrorist . We must either accept that we are always at risk or give up some of our freedoms . We just have to hope that when this risk dissapates , if ever , we can get them back . Lucky for us FDR died before he became king ... If you think this is about facism you are thinking too liberal-1984 can occur in a pure democracy .
 I was shell-shocked when I read `` Queenie '' 's review . How can you live life not knowing that THE BOOK IS FICTIONAL !!!! It was a metaphor for what the Soviet Union would be like in the 20th century . Notice I said `` would be like '' because it was written decades before 1984 . I can not belive something so simple has to be spelled out like this , but there you have it . I thought it was a fantastic book . Depressing , but a must-read .
 In this book everyone is watched by Big Brother . History is written and re-written on a daily basis to fit the government 's propaganda needs . Words are slowly taken away as the government seeks to stifle creativity and speech . Children are indoctrinated from very early on and every one is a member of some pro-government committee.One man seeks to defy the government by thinking for himself thereby committing `` thought-crimes '' . He also keeps a journal and seeks out a lover.This book is too hard to adequately explain . It is well written and is a must read for everyone . Whether you are liberal or conservative , democrat or republican I am sure you have heard quotes used from this book attacking either side of the fence . From the Patriot act to Hillary Care opponents have vocally cited this book to justify their fears . I suggest you read it for yourself and draw your own conclusions as to which more closely portrays Big Brother . My feeling is that they all portray this book very well in one way or another .
 I first read 1984 as a teen ; and it 's imagery and parameters of political analysis have stayed with me , and grown ever since . It is one of the most important works of the 20th century.Orwell crafted a brilliant picture of how a totalitarian oligarchy can exist and thrive . There is n't a single element in the book that can not be found in the history of the world of the past 50 years ; in all nations , all places , all times , all peoples.We have all seen how doublethink works ; and , if we were really honest , we 've experienced it in our own lives and performed it - doubtless to perfection . Human beings have a genius for lying to themselves and believing every word of it.There are two flaws in the book . One is that Orwell 's vison tackled only half of the danger facing us . True , in , for example , present day USA under the domination of the Bush-led Neocon Regime , we see many of the Orwellian principles in action . But I belive that Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' lent eloquent imagery to the other half of the equation . Combine a balance of the Orwellian -LRB- oligarcy established and sustained by brutality , torture , brainwashing , and oppression -RRB- and Huxlian elements -LRB- oligarcy established and sustained by diversion through drug abuse , sexual amorality , and mind-numbing entertainment -RRB- and you will have a picture of the world in which we live.The other is that he completly ignored the element of economics and how manipulation of , and indeed , application of the Orwellian and Huxlian principles upon , economics and finance are essential to the establishment of a world dictatorship . The reader is advised to examine the workings and infrastructure of , for example , the IMF , the World Bank , and the SWIFT network.And make no mistake , we do live there . Human beings are ceasing to be human . I could write for hours listing evidence of this
 For a fascinating read , pick your favorite -LRB- yeah , right -RRB- business theory book about corporate culture and read it side-by-side with Orwell 's masterpiece . The shifting truths , shameless propaganda and mindless work that drones like Winston Smith are subjected to illustrate the dark underside of corporate America that have resulted in the scandals of the early 21st centruy , including the likes of Enron , Tyco and others.Hell , if they served gin at work , the similarities would be complete for many workers.While Orwell is a pessimist , and sees nothing but a bottomless abyss , the careful reader can see glimmers of hope in the tired institutions of freedom of speech , and the press.Orwell 's 1984 is as fascinating to read in the 21st century as it was when I read it for the first time in 1984 .
 If you have n't read this book , get it . What are you waiting for?Almost every book or movie in the genre since this book has in some way been influenced by it.It still manages to inform our discussions about privacy to this day .
 This book is absolutely amazing . I finshed reading it for the first time about amonth ago , and it really , truly caused me to actually think . Few books nowadays even can claim that . Orwell was a true visionary when he wrote this book . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not a socialist , it just would n't surprise me if within the next 300 years it ends up like what Orwell said .
 Possibly the worst thing to say about this overwhelming book is that it is ... science fiction . It is promoted as such in the schools where the kids `` have '' to read it because it is a `` classic '' -LRB- we all know what that means , and if you dont then consider how many books you remember from that time and consider what effect they would have on you had you read them 10 or 15 years later -RRB- . Orwell constructs and describes a nightmarish totalitarian dictatorship where the system controls literally everything . And that includes your thoughts . If you deviate you will be `` corrected '' . It 's a society where the past has been wiped out because the system controls all forms of information . It is impossible to know what has happened before and one is forced to accept the constant lies from the government at face value while going through intense brainwashing of other forms as well.Winston -LRB- the main character -RRB- is a man who still has traces of the past in his brain , in other words he commits the ultimate crime -LRB- thoughtcrime -RRB- as he questions the official version of things . As he desperately looks for signs from others hoping that they feel the same way he enters an underground conspiracy that aims to overthrow Big Brother -LRB- the invisible but everpresent power that represents a faceless system -RRB- . And just as a flame of hope lights up inside him the nightmare transforms into an endless journey to hell.There is no point of giving away the plot because it happens to be one of great twists as Winston finds out in the most scary way imaginable the sheer controlling power that Big Brother enjoys over everyone.There are so many myths about 1984 . One is that the book implies the horrors of communism -LRB- stalinism to be exact -RRB- . While it is true that Orwell was inspired by the `` feats '' of Big Daddy -LRB- that would be Joseph Stalin -RRB- to write his book he was equally inspired by the unspeakable crimes of the Nazi dictatorship in Germany as well . Orwell does not imply any one specific form of dictatorship but he simply tries to see forward , he tries to warn and predict the forms that the dictatorships of the future will have and he puts no political color on it . The dictatorship he describes could happen in a society near you , no matter where you live and no matter how safe you think your `` democracy '' might seem to you.Allthough -LRB- and especially -RRB- the last part of the book is the most intimidating and overbearing one , i found that what actually scared me the most was how accurate the author is in what he sees for the future . Remember he wrote this way over half a century ago . And what does he see?He foresees thought control . Check . In case you think you arent thought-controlled then the system is functioning perfectly thank you . He foresees the manipulation of history in order to make the system more powerful . Check again . It used to happen in a smaller degree now it happens in a scientific degree . Take for example the `` People 's history of the United States '' by Howard Zinn , read it , and compare what you read with what you `` learned '' in school , and you will see my point . And that 's just one of the 1000s of examples that could be brought up.He foresees a a dictatorship where people do not realise they live in a dictatorship -LRB- and the few who do are `` put away '' -RRB- . Well , guess what , check again . Regardless of where you live chances are you do not realise how the system controls you , and not only that , but chances are again , you call this a democracy because that is what you are told -LRB- brainwashed -RRB- to call it.And on and on and on . . All this is just paving the way for the Orwellian nightmare.Some have said that life itself proved that Orwell was just a hardcore pessimist as the `` future '' didnt prove to be that horrible . Wrong . The genius of George Orwell has actually seen the process through which what he describes WILL happen . It is in fact happening right now . There are many who see it and sense it but many times more who dont.There is no point to be silly and promote this stunning future-diagnosis of a book as a `` classic '' or to suggest to you that you `` must '' read it or all that.Things are very simple . If you care about yourself before all else then do read it . If there is still hope for you then this book will change you . If this book has no effect on you then you do not understand the problem to begin with . But that 's a good thing . Because in that case you will never have to see some future `` Room 101 '' . What is `` Room 101 '' ? It 's a place in Orwell 's `` future nightmare '' that very few have been in but everybody knows that that 's where you are corrected from bad thoughts.But go on . Treat yourself to some bad thoughts . Such rooms dont exist anyway .
 A stunning book , that 's really all I can say . Just make sure you read the chapter on the language , which is usually the last part of the book , first . If I were stuck on an island and could only bring two things I would bring the BIBLE -LRB- how things were and will be -RRB- and 1984 -LRB- how things must not be -RRB- .
 Although I have generally found Orwell to be a politically confused thinker , 1984 stands out as one of the best and most forward thinking works I have ever read . The amount of relevance this book has today is overwhelming , considering modern government propaganda techniques and the double edged sword of technology . This story serves as a warning to all who trust the government , especially in regards to privacy issues.Winston Smith , while not the ideal romantic protagonist , is still compelling in his own right with his inspiring -LRB- and finally tragic -RRB- fight against Big Brother . The struggle that takes place between Winston and the government in 1984 is psychologically thrilling and intense , and it is still difficult for me to put the book down each time I read it . I am particularly drawn to the character of O'Brien , who represents to me the culmination of a path that all seasoned politicians and government officials travel down.The year 1984 has come and past , but an extreme statist government similar to the one portrayed in the novel still may haunt us in the future .
 1984 , by George Orwell , is the story of the reality of a society stuck in a nightmare of Negative Utopia . The author 's influencial views of the haunting novel transport you into a world where individuality is loss and the sense of Big Brother comes into play . Winston Smith , the main character of the novel , is stuck between the encasement of the Thought Police , to the overseeing of the Party . Winston is faced with the turmoil of going against the government , which puts his life in danger . The part I like about this book is that with every page , there is always a new scene of interest which keeps you reading until the very last sentence . The struggle of one man -- in world where all is against him.But then again , this book makes us wonder , when is it `` too far '' in regards to Big Brother , and how close is are society becoming to it today ? 1984 , is a thought provoking book which ponders many questions about the involvement in citizens person lives , and how much should they know about you personally . - I only hope that the world never comes to such a reality , because once it does , all individuality becomes completely lost .
 This book creeps . The work took on a life of its own and conveyed more than Orwell intended . The mood betrayed Orwell 's own confrontation with the inevitable . He endured to finish the work before his death . His analysis of a world left to authoritarian control reached that point of no return where sequential logic becomes prophetic . In that unexpected place his gaze was able to penetrate even the iron curtain and the atrocities happening in Russia . He also presented an organic scene where new technology could potentially be used for control and surveillance . That state of innovation and our responsibility to administer it will always resonate.Orwell allows us to plod along with Winston , who despite the desperation of his situation , manages to convey hope through education to his audience . The cautionary message
 George Orwell 's 1984 , which was written in 1949 , is a frightening vision of what the world could turn into in just three and a half decades . This addicting novel takes place in the city of London , in the territory of Oceania , which contains Africa , the Americas , and much of Europe . It is the story of Winston Smith , one of the last non-believers in the principles of `` the party . '' This party is a governing body of startling proportions and power . The party has the influence to erase the past , and change it to better suit their needs . Anything they say goes , and those who oppose them are tortured and killed . In a world of fear and absolute control , Winston is one of the last believers that the party can eventually be overthrown . Winston believes that `` If there is hope ... it lies in the proles . '' Winston 's hope is that eventually these proles , or members of the working class , will ultimately rise up and cause the downfall of the party.I highly recommend this book to anyone who is ready for something to read that will make him or her think . This is a book that is not for the squeamish reader . If you are looking for a charming tale to lift your spirits , you are looking in the wrong place . 1984 is a thought provoking piece that force you to question the world around you and think about the possibilities that the quite possibly come to pass in the not-so-distant future .
 This book is by far one of the best books I 've read in a long time . It is in short the creepiest books I 've ever read . 1984 is filled with all sorts of disturbing images and ideas that make you winder how stable the world really is and how easily it could fall apart . Although it does follow the story of one mans sufferings it is almost more interesting to think about the world that he lives in . This world full of riddles and lies is disturbing to say the least and what is even scarier fascinating.What is even more interesting is all of the symbols and ideas that run through the book . Such as doublethink and that if you control the past you control the future . But doublethink is by far my favorite . I thought it was fascinating how the concept of proving a lie with a lie was evident even in the characters themselves . Like how Winston is a lover and a hater of the Party . These ideas make the book even more amazing . This book is a MUST read .
 George Orwell 's classic novel , 1984 is one of the most thought-provoking books I have ever read . It deals with a totalitarian government that has complete control over the populace , right down to their thoughts ! The government even has the Thought Police , which make sure everyone is doing everything solely for the benefit of the government . Telescreens constantly monitor them to make sure they are doing everything for the good of the `` Party . `` Orwell 's novel illustrates the basic human need for freedom through the main character , Winston Smith who begins the dangerous practice of questioning the government and trying to find one of the main rebels of the government , Goldstein . The book tells of his struggle to overthrow the government and how he tries to rebel against it.Orwell dives deep into the logic of how to control a populace under wartime conditions by constantly keeping them active for the cause of having their country win the war and not being able to think of any ulterior motives . He also shows how perpetually being at war helps to waste resources , so people have just enough to survive and wo n't become too comfortable . If they became too comfortable they might start thinking and thinking is dangerous to a totalitarian government . An example of how resources are wasted is any extra metal is used for ships or any extra rubber for raincoats , therefore making luxury obsolete.He also writes about different totalitarian governments like Nazi Germany and Stalinist Russia and where their mistakes were in attaining absolute power . He points out that both these regimes started off tough , but as time went on got laxer and laxer until the people revolted . Orwell also dives deep into government propaganda and how that shapes the attitude of humans by constantly bombarding them with one thing over and over until it becomes fact or reality . Through exploring the propaganda in 1984 , he shows us the need to trust our government , but verify what it says in order that we wo n't get taken advantage of.He also explores how , in his book , humans can be taught one thing , but when the government says so , switch to believing something totally opposite . He does this under a principle called doublethink . Two examples of this from the book are that people are taught 2 +2 = 4 but then can switch to knowing 2 +2 = 5 , completely denying that it ever equaled 4 . He also shows the importance of keeping accurate and undoctored records so that if an event occurred , the facts can not be changed to hide blame or recognition or tossed down the memory hole , simply to be forgotten . This is done often in 1984 so that the government will always look right and infallible and people will always believe that they are.In conclusion , this novel will profoundly change how you view government and will also make you realize how important your civil rights are . I would not recommend this book to anyone under 13 or 14 because it has some sexual content .
 1984 is just one of those books I 've always wanted to read . Although I had never heard anybody talk about it for long , or anything other than the phraes `` Big Brother is Watching You , '' the fact that I heard it referred to everywhere as a good book . While browsing at Barnes & Noble , I saw it and decided to pick it up and , suffice to say , I 'm glad I did.Orwell 's use of character development in 1984 is on par with the astounding work done in Animal Farm . In a sense , you are n't just reading about Winston Smith , you ARE Winston Smith . Every thought , every nuance of his mind , is so clearly conveyed that you ca n't help but feel like you 're there right along with him.The negative utopia dreamed up by Orwell is astounding in both its shocking nature and it 's beleivability . It 's a world where everybody either has a government job or is an outcast . A world of a vast caste system that is all too beleivable . A world where the all-pervasive government can , for all intents and purposes , alter the past , the present , and reality itself . Their control over the minds of the citizens of Oceania is so great that they have no choice but to accept without question what the aprt says , or be eliminated.Let me get one thing straight
 The epitome of fiction about totalitarian states . Orwell was a socialist , however 1984 is a warning about what happens when the government , not the people , have absolute control over everything . The year is 1984 and Winston Smith is a citizen of a country called `` Oceania '' which occupies a third of the Earth 's landmasses . He lives in what is called Airstrip One in a place that used to be called Great Britain . The government ominously titled `` Big Brother '' attempts -LRB- and quite successfully too -RRB- to control everything in the population right down to their very thoughts . Winston hans ' t fallen into this trap yet and is an outsider but only in his mind . He knows what Big Brother enforces and while he plays along with it he condemns it in his thoughts . Thus , he has committed what is called `` Thought Crime '' something punishable by death . WARNING
 Though it was published in 1949 , George Orwell created an insightful look into a possible future with his writing of 1984 . The story takes place in London , England in a `` super-state '' called Oceania that is perpetually at war with one of two other `` super-states '' , Eurasia or Eastasia . The government , run by a figurehead party leader called Big Brother , monitors all actions , facial expressions -LRB- thus , thoughts -RRB- , and conversations via `` telescreens '' . Any potential threat to the government that is caught by these screens is punishable by death , and Spies or Thought Police carry out the sentence.I thoroughly enjoyed this book because of the rising and falling suspense throughout it . I expected this novel to be a dry political book , but it seemed to be one of personal change and survival in a world of conformity and unrealized oppression . The love story sub-plot running through 1984 is one of companionship and unity instead of lust and personal gain . The removal of liberty , freedom , and individuality disturbed me , but these restrictions were the driving force behind the actions taken by the two main characters.The circumstances in this novel seem to have become commonplace occurrences to some degree , and that is what seems scary in the novel . Now that there are cameras monitoring every public place , Orwell 's `` future '' does n't seem so far-fetched . The events in the story inspire deep thought and moral reflection ; I thought about this book for days after I finished it . I recommend this book to anyone . There are elements of action , drama , romance , and mystery in this novel , and it 's easy to see why it is talked about after 1984 has come and gone .
 I think anyone who creates a language -LRB- even if it 's only been partially created -RRB- for his/her writing , is an absolute genius . George Orwell is no exception . The vision and ideas that he brought forth in 1984 is something that can never be copied without disastrous results . This is one of the most enjoyable books that I 've ever had to read for English class.While reading this story , I have to keep telling myself that the book was written in the 1940 's . It 's amazing what Orwell predicted for our future and how our much better , and how much worse , the present really is . The creation of Newspeak is a message to the deterioration of the English language , which is not so far fetched . Orwell was n't so successful in his other predictions , but the book is fiction right ? Every page of new developments and plot lines engrossed me more and more . It 's a great book that can evoke so much emotion in its reader . That 's what happened to me . It 's was n't happiness , either , mind you . I put so much confidence and hope into Winston , that I was crying for his failure and my disappointment , by the end of the book . Truly a must read book . Even if you hate the book after reading it , it 's still a book that should be read by everybody . It 's sheds light on corruption , power , and rebellion . The only part I did n't enjoy was select portions of Goldstein 's `` book '' , such as the repeated chapters . If Orwell lost any readers of 1984 , it was probably during that part of the book .
 Ok , Ok , I know ... 1984 came and went and we are living in the 21st century . Orwell 's book is certainly dated and that does affect the reading . However , any good work of literature does not rise and fall on the culture of the day , but on the inner struggle . This book is well written and the dangers printed are always on the horizon for us all . This book is still powerful enough to make your insides twist and cause you to watch the news in a new way .
 1984 is a scary , dark , and depressing book . What makes it scarier is that it could happen ... Anyone who likes novels , politics , and/or government must read this book . It is , of course , about the totalitarian society of Big Brother and the Thought Police . What makes the novel scary are the parallels that can be drawn between the novel and the U.S. government -LRB- and those of other Western countries -RRB- . For instance , how war is used in the media by the government . This is why it is a required read , read it for yourself and draw the parallels where realistic - they are there.Besides that , the story is excellent ; fast paced , well written , and entertaining . The characters are believable and vividly drawn . Overall , an absolutely essential book .
 1984 is a study of the human psyche , both at individual and group level . Written in the setting of a Nazi and Communist style dictatorship , the book examines the struggle between the individual and the masses as well as providing a brutally frank answer to the question of why does history repeat itself . Orwell 's profound insight takes the reader on a rewarding journey of discovery . But let the reader beware
 In today 's technologically oriented world , people still seem shocked when movies come out that portray governmental security that seemingly invades on the public 's privacy , which makes George Orwell 's 1984 even more of a masterpiece . This thought-provoking novel , written in 1949 , well before computers , surveillance cameras and hidden microphones , depicts a world in which the government controls everything , knows everything and has no feasible opposition.Winston Smith , our connection to Airstrip One , lives under the oppressive leader Big Brother . Big Brother has set up an undefeatable party that monitors its citizens with telescreens , Thought Police , Newspeak , and Doublethink . Newspeak is a language that the party has created , eliminating all words that might bringnegative feelings toward the party , and doublethink is the party 's control over its citizens ' minds that makes them believe anything -LRB- ex
 To sum it up , this book scared me to death . No , there are no monsters , serial killers , or anything else like that . 1984 is about an extreme communist society and how one man tries to break free from it . The book may seem like a bit of a love story , but that 's not the point . The frightening thing about this book is that our hero fails . With most books , the hero is triumphant at the end , or at least there is a glimmer of hope . Not with this book . Our hero , Winston , falls in love with Julia and together they want to break free from the hell they live in . But they are caught , tortured , and eventually betray each other . Since they have betrayed each other -LRB- something they thought they would never do -RRB- , they no longer love each other . The idea that a society can make you stop loving somebody and change who you are in a realistic manner is frightening . This book had me paranoid for about a week . Even still , not all lessons are happy and this book is well worth the paranoia you might feel because of the lesson it gives you . Although this book was written in the 1940 's , it is still hauntingly relevant today .
 I consider this one of the top 3 Dystopian works , along with Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 and Huxley 's Brave New World . But I think this is the most philosophical - and the most grim - of the three . All the ingredients are here -- we get the grim , joyless , totalitarian nation that is such a nightmare to the Western ideas of individuality and basic rights . Like in Fahrenheit , we get an obsessive control over language - though here it goes much farther , to the destruction of words . Like BNW , we get government controlled social structure and recreation time , even sexuality . Seems the main point of all of them is how shallow life can become if one obeys the authorities . What 's different here - and I hope I 'm not giving too much away-is that the rebel does n't win . That seriously disturbed me at first , but the more I think about it , the more I feel it makes this work stand above the others as a Dystopian picture and a call to fight Power in government and protect individualism and free thought . For if the rebel can beat the Man , then the Man 's power is limited , and we need not worry too much about the Man - the rebel can always win , if he wants . But if Big Brother can become powerful enough that no rebel can survive , as is the case in 1984 , then we must truly fear and fight the Man-now , before He has that kind of power.In the end , I think I find this Dystopian work more well thought out , more complete , and scarier than Brave New World of Fahrenheit 451 . Yet it still remains incredibly readable , and a disturbingly good time .
 If you only read one more book , read George Orwell 's `` 1984 . `` Other reviewers including the ... reviewer , has captured the essence of this incredible , disturbing , poignant , an accurate view into the mind of the totalitarians - and yes , folks , they live among us even today.I 'll only add this
 When i first picked up a copy of this book , i thought it would be about new kids on the block or something else 80 's . Little did i know i was about to read a literary classic . 1984 is an amazing book , and somewhat terrifying . Though some of the themes are a bit radical , i immediatly came to a realization that the world could be like it is written . The main charactor , Winstin , is a common man , who can easily be related to someone you know . The book depicts the horrid possibility of the world being ruled by communism , and big brother , and what happens to a man that is against it all . I definetly recommend this book !!
 I do n't think I could say anything about this book that has n't already been said ! This is probably my favourite novel of all time ! This has unbelivable power , the atmosphere is incredible . It still grips and absorbs me every time I read it ! I love the ambiguity of the ending . If you have n't read this novel and are wondering if you should , do n't think about it any more , get a copy as soon as you can and get reading . It 'll be one the most rewarding reading experiences you 'll ever have!A totally exceptional novel !
 I was forced to read this in school when I was younger and I did n't really `` get it '' nor was I even interested in `` getting it '' . I think if you are over 20 , you want to re-read this classic novel . It was much better , the second time around .
 It would be hyperbolic to say the world of Nineteen Eighty Four has arrived . But there are too many elements of today 's society that evoke parts of the book . We hear a lot today about `` Hate Crimes '' . A more accurate term for that concept is the one coined by Orwell -- `` Thought Crimes '' . In fact , calling Thought Crimes by a different name in order to make the idea more palatable is simply a creative use of Newspeak/DoubleThink . I do n't think I have to give examples of Big Brother -- you can supply your own . My point is that we may yet be a long way from a totalitarian state , but we have at least taken small steps in that direction -- and perhaps we should be concerned at how little we are resisting that movement .
 I highly recomend this book because its interesting and it relates to real life . I find that interesting that the government is always watching , I always felt like someone somewhere always knows what you are up to 24 hours a day . Hopefully the terminator does n't see everything like when we go to the bathroom or that would just be mest up.This book changed me a little bit , now i think twice before doing stupid stuff because I know someone out there might be watching and I might get in trouble . It does n't have to be the government , the popo can be watching you from far away and you think he is probably not watching and 5 minutes later after you did the dumb thing , your screwed and you will get in trouble with the law.I highly recommend this book because it will change your view on the goverment , and on the world we live in now .
 I never read Orwell in school for some reason and I am glad I waited . I ca n't believe this was written in the late 40 's . O'Brien 's descriptions of seeking power for power 's sake and the mutability of truth and history have never been more applicable to current events . Reading this book now , you really start to feel like this must be on Karl Rove 's desk .
 Unlike a lot of people who were told to read this in High School , I did n't learn of it until a few brief years ago . I 'd heard of it , but did n't really `` get '' why so many people were blown away by it . Then I read it and have since made it a point to get my hands on everything this man had ever written ! George Orwell was no doubt a genius , visionary , prophet and a definite priceless gift to all of humanity . 1984 written in the late 1940 's , -LRB- I see 1949 in my book , but I do n't want to nail down a date as there have been reprints -RRB- , someone else here has stated 1948 which if so , is still incredibly beyond remarkable because what he describes is something that sounds so much like the world we currently live in today , and the potential for it to be this world which he describes ? Well , unfortunately the means are in fact all present now . We can be observed pretty much around the clock from when we leave our homes until we arrive . With what can be done with cell phones , GPS etc but I wo n't go into what should already be quite obvious to all . The fact of the matter is he foretold with pin point accuracy just how things could be and the frightening thing is many of these things are in my opinion in affect . New Speak , Thought Police , War is Peace , Freedom is Slavery , Ignorance is Strength , Big Brother and countless other things he writes about ring with such an eery realness one has to wonder if he time traveled into our present day and perhaps slightly beyond and then returned to his time to write about it to truly warn us what was at stake . I wo n't tell the story , as George does that exceptionally well to the point where you feel as if you are seeing this `` World '' he paints through the eyes of the main character `` Winston '' . So much so that even though it was written years ago , it reads as if in many cases it could have been written today , or yesterday . Like Gene Rodenbury 's Star Trek , George Orwell 's 1984 is definitely light years ahead of its time . I do n't think this book can be recommended highly enough to those who have not yet read it . Nor do five stars even remotely come close to giving this Master Piece it 's due credit . Your Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak
 George Orwell 's 1984 is no longer a thing of the future.The Internet is everywhere -- including your wireless cameraphone.Digital technology makes surveillance push-button easy . Those in power can not resist . And we even do it to ourselves using social networks like Facebook and Myspace . Soon , every phone will incorporate GPS location technology.Are we prepared for the inevitable?In a time when the pace of technology continues to accelerate , Orwell 's classic has never been more relevant .
 This is one of those rare books that is n't necessarily a pleasure to read but is definitely worth reading . Orwell 's novel manages to affect you long after you 've read it - possibly even haunt you . It 's a bleak novel -LRB- some might say downright depressing -RRB- - but it 's also powerful and uncompromising.Over 50 years have passed since 1984 was published -LRB- the year itself came and went over 20 years ago -RRB- yet this novel is still relevant today . 1984 is a remarkably ambitious work ; unflinching and perceptive . Orwell is n't just telling a story though ; he is using this novel as a soap box to warn us all of the dangers of totalitarian governments .1984 is a novel about big ideas ; about the machinery of totalitarian governments and how people can be manipulated and controlled by those in power . I did find however that the characters were n't as developed as I would have liked , as if Orwell felt they were a secondary consideration . As a result , I found the novel lacked a personal quality that I think would have made it all the more compelling . Winston Smith is not an especially sympathetic character -LRB- or for that matter , all that memorable a character -RRB- . What is memorable about 1984 is the world Orwell creates - a world of contradiction , oppression , and betrayal.This is not a book that will bring a smile to your face . Its message is delivered with a heavy hand but 1984 will make you think . If it does n't make you paranoid , it should at least make you cynical .
 Orwell writes a wonderfully disturbing story about totalitarianism . The characters were interesting and the story is a little creepy , but it is a fascinating read . And Orwell has a wonderful grasp of language . On the downside , the middle does drag on because it 's more of a political treatise or arguement instead of a story .
 Even read now -- many years after 1984 -- some of the revaltions of this book hold scarily true . Big Brother vs personal freedom -- a scary topic .
 Yes , technology can be the new hand maiden to Totalitarian government . Or we can choose to be free . To speak out . To allow different viewpoints . We can choose NOT to shout down others when they speak . Thomas Jefferson knew that `` the price of freedom is eternal vigilance '' and so did the author of `` 1984 '' . We can choose to read our history books and great novels . This is a great novel about a possible dystopia . Eric Blair was a great British journalist and the story he tells here rings more true than ever before .
 `` 1984 '' is one of the defining works of fiction from the 20th Century . Written by George Orwell -LRB- the pen name of Eric Arthur Blair -RRB- in 1949 , it has become the work referenced in other literature , film , and music for a future government which controls all of its citizens , and uses them to maintain its own position of power . Of course , it was not the first novel to present this idea , but it is perhaps one that presents the future that is the most bleak and without hope.Other authors have created sterile futures built on technological advancements that have drained humanity from its citizens . Instead , Orwell 's future has technology held in check or even regressing , while political power and control are the forces that imprison humanity in his future . It is easy to read fascism and communism into the government of ` Big Brother ' , but one can see elements from `` 1984 '' in any type of government , they simply are more obvious in a totalitarian one.This novel has been recognized many times by readers . In 1952 it ranked 17th on the Astounding/Analog All-Time Poll , and in 1956 it tied for 9th on the same poll . In 1975 it tied for 41st on the Locus Poll for All-Time novels , in 1975 it was 34th on the Locus Poll for All-Time SF Novels , and in 1998 it was 21st on the Locus Poll for SF Novels from before 1990 . The most fitting recognition though , must be the Prometheus Hall of Fame award which it won in 1984 .
 1984 is a story about Winston Smith , a member of the totalitarian communist party of the country Oceania . 1984 was written by George Orwell describing the consequences of a communist government taking hold . Winston Smith works at a government office that publishes propaganda and changes historical records on a daily basis . It operates under the idea that `` Who controls the past controls the future
 When I read this book at first it was very dense and a little complicated . But as I got farther into the book I realized I had actually started becoming part of the book . I realized that I knew what would happen before it happened . Oddly enough this mad the book even more interesting instead of boring . As I finished the book I tried to do what I always do ; look for what the author was trying to tell me . Now it 's obvious that he was warning against the effect of communism . Yet he was also exposing a human need that most of us do n't recognize . Orwell was trying to tell us that all of us have a deep need for something to be under . The Party in this book was looking for someone to have them under control and to tell them what to believe in . They were looking for something material to represent to them the power they believed in . An example of this in actual life would be when people look to the priest 's to tell them how to live their lives instead of looking straight to God . The reason they do this is because they can not see , hear , touch , taste , or smell God . So they take a human being and idolize them as if they were the only link they had towards God . This is the human need that Orwell was trying to relate to us .
 What is most impressive about 1984 is not the quality of writing or the appeal of the storyline , though both are excellent . What is most impressive about 1984 is that so many of the concepts discussed , either implicitly or explicity are still applicable and relevant in today 's modern politics . Doublethink as a concept is not far off from the lies today 's politicians ask you to believe as they continue to become embroiled in one controversial moral or ethical crisis after another . One has to wonder , after reading this book , if we are not in fact on our way to catastrophe ourselves in the 21st century . Though the threat is not perhaps militant in nature , it is still real nonetheless in the form of moral decay . This book is emminently comparable to Huxley 's Brave New World and if you enjoyed one , you 'll enjoy the other .
 Yeah right . That is what we would all like to think in our safe , secure little world . When written , no one would pubish this astounding fantastic reality . Mr. Orwell had to wait several years and suffer many dissapointments for anyone to accept and believe in his story . Today , what once seemed ` science-fiction ' is an all too true and fast becoming reality . This book will make you question your reality , understand accpetance , empathize with institutionalism and wonder at how individualistic you really are - despite your noblee attempts!Although , at first intimidating , Orwell 's style and nature soon becomes free and clear , and though it drags on at some parts ; You wo n't stop reading untill you are done . What seems hard to comprehend and language a few chapters to get used to . . you too will soon think in terms of newspeak and realize how easily it can happen to you too !
 From cover to cover 1984 captivates the reader with its insightful , intriguing , and disturbing look at human nature . Winston , the hero of the novel , lives in a totalitarian government that has control over every aspect of his life . The government has made privacy obsolete and love a sin ; therefore , making life for many people unlivable.But with the slogan `` Big Brother Is Watching You '' reigning over every wall and building , many people are far to afraid to speak out against this so called `` perfect '' government , in fears of loosing their life . Winston however , feels that as long as he is living under the rule on INGSOC -LRB- the official name of the government -RRB- he might as well be dead . So he looses his fears and slowly takes action against INGSOC . He falls in love and for the first time in his life he is truly happy . But everything that he is doing is against the law . The government views love as something that is dangerous to the party ; therefore it must be destroyed . Ultimately the government turns out to be far more complex and powerful than anyone imagined.I am assuming that many people are reading this before they have actually read 1984 . I will not reveal more because I do not want to ruin the plot for you . AlI can say is that it has a surprise ending that you would have never expected .1984 was written by George Orwell in 1949 , yet its theme and ideas still holds true in many ways to today 's world . That is one , out of many reasons , as to why 1984 will forever be a classic . Set in 1984 , Orwell 's depiction , of what was then considered the future , is both horrific and in some ways accurate to the governments of today.There is great deal of symbolism in this novel . I believe that Orwell 's intention , as Goldings had been in Lord of the Flies , was to reveal the evil that drives people and to show how that evil is apparent even in today 's modern societies . Orwell worded this book so eloquently that it is easy for almost anyone to pick up the symbolism .1984 was so eye opening for me , that after I read it I walked morbidly around the house just thinking about what ultimately happened to Winston . This book pulls everyone in because it has all the elements - drama , action , suspense , and romance . I only recommend this book to people that are at least in 6 grade . The reading is n't challenging , it is just the actual concepts about the goal of governments and human spirit that might be confusing . If you are the type of person that likes to get absorbed in a book , not just have a quick read , then this is the book for you . If you enjoy books such as Fahrenheit 451 , Brave New World , or The Giver , then 1984 will undoubtedly become a favorite .
 More chilling now than when I first read it over 25 years ago . Not necessarily because of increased understanding but because of increased intrusion by the state . I am nagged by the realization that had Orwell lived longer , his work would have been closer to current events than fiction .
 Orwell describes a Negative Utopia , one which Big Brother watches your every move , any inkling of dislike towards the party can get you killed , and even confessions of one 's own children can send you to labor camps.The first half paints a scary picture as one man tries to cope with everyday life in this suffocating hell . There are telescreens constantly watching you , people totally dedicated to revising the past to suit the Party , spies out to snitch on you . The main character , through his mundane everyday ordeal , breaks the mold and does something dangerous - buys and writes into a diary . The overall feeling is a common but classic one - one man tries to break out of a confining society . He describes the mood of the world that any man can relate to , being an individual in a world where individuality is not welcome.The second half is the weaker half . It turns from a subtle message to an openly overt message . Instead of the concentrating on one man 's perspective , Orwell bombards the reader with mock history and rhetoric , and a last minute confession by the Party itself . That last minute confessions reminds me of how in any badly written movie , the villain suddenly explains his motives and his actions to the hero before he 's about to kill him . And like those movies , the motivation is overblown and totally unreal.This book was enjoyable , and the writing was smooth and fluid . The lack of dialogue and action sort of took away from the enjoyment , but not too much . I would recommend this book , but I still think Animal Farm is far superior .
 I feel 1984 is a great book . One of the best books I have ever read . A constant mind game that toyed with my senses . I loved the book start to finish , except for the excerpt from Emanuel Goldstein 's book . I felt the passage was long winded and demeaned the excitement of the book dramatically . 1984 is a great book for people interested in politics , world domination , and totalitarian `` negative utopias . '' Winston , the main character , is a wonderful figurehead for the hoplessness of freedom in the INGSOC reality . I personally loved this book , and I think many others will find it equally enjoyable and satisfying . 1984 was a fairly graphic book , not as graphic as others , but graphic still . Some parts of the novel were silly , others very serious , it is a roller coaster of emotions , events , and politics . Julia , a great supporting character who really moved the story along and forced Winston to take chances , without which the story would not be possible . INGSOC is a lot like the Russian communists and the German Nazis in their beliefs , but not in their actions . INGSOC plays a sinister role as a world super power that stomps out competition , except for its fellow super powers . In this colossal struggle of power and espionage , one thing stands true ... Love , but in the end even that dies .
 After reading the book for the first time I was inspired by the vividness and characterization , and then after reading it for the second time I enjoyed the book just as much . The most striking feature of this book is that for some countries this type of totalitarian state is not to far into the future , which left a small , but apparent truth with me . Orwell was not trying to show what life in 1984 would be , but as a projection and exaggeration of tendencies and changes over the years . It would be a shame to miss out on this book no matter what .
 1984 by George Orwell is definetly a great book that I really liked . It starts out kinda boring , going more than at least 10-20 pages without any dialogue . However , the story soon started to pick up , detailing Winston Smith 's challenges in his world . In this world , which to call `` unique '' would be an understatement , the characters are faced with restrictions that we fortunately never have to deal with . Even though I think the book would 've been more exciting to read in the years before 1984 , as there was more excitement and horror to imagine the prospect of the book 's story coming true , this book still reminds us of what could be .
 `` Does Big Brother exist ? '' `` Yes . '' `` In the same way I exist ? '' `` You do not exist , Winston . `` Beauty can sometimes take strange forms . Beneath the decaying architecture and verminous rats of Ninteen Eighty-For 's gangrenous surface there is a glorious centre , one which screams out profoundly that it is a master of all it says and that George Orwell is the master of his cxreation.The book was completed , ironically , in Ninteen Fourty-Eight when Orwell had seen the future . He had fought in the Spanish Civil War and had lived through the Second World War . The future , as he saw it , was a brutal labrynth of pain and torture , where the only way to escape the pain of everyday life was to become oblivious to it
 This book has been on my shelf for years . It was required reading for many students when I was in high school in the early 1960s . My Father read it in college in the early 1950s . It 's required in many courses at Universities today . And , I discovered that eighth graders were reading it in a local school just this last year ! The book , contrary to the opinions of those earlier reviewers who gave it a poor rating , is still a major classic . It is not only studied in literature courses , but also in classes in political science , history , semantics , and even advertising . It is an extrapolation of the grim world predicted by Orwell if totalitarianism and the perfect police state gain true power . This is an important work to read . Abuse and manipulation of power is a timeless topic . In the world of this novel , power is the only thing that counts . -LSB- Note that there is another book that readers might be interested in . Orwell used it as a `` stepping stone . '' The book is `` We '' by Yevgeny Zamiatin -LRB- or , Zamyatin -RRB- first published in 1924 . -RSB- Personally , I also find the whole subject on how language is used to alter people 's thoughts -LRB- and even the direction of their thoughts -RRB- is fascinating . The presentation provides considerable insight into journalism , political speeches , political correctness , and advertising . -LRB- Newspeak
 An unforgettable book . A wonderful respite and a refreshing alternaive from all the modern every-day reads , I would say . What makes this book so good is the character development and the sudden events which are totally unexpected . The book is unpredictable and there are always new twists and turns to explore . George Orwell created a virtual city and his own political parties and ideas perfectly and they seamlessly bind together to make this the most substantial book I have ever read . Possibly the best as well.Big Brother is watching you so read the book !
 I do n't know how Orwell could know what would happen 36 years later but he could . In my country the book could n't be published until 1989 , because the communists feared that it made too many people turn against them . Life was n't much better in those days as written in 1984 . Disinformation , getting the ` untrue ' people out of the way and of course lots of phonies . The only shocking thing is that people really believed in that . And I may say that they some of them still believe in it in 1998 ! Thank God Big Brother is gone forever . But 1984 remains and warns us . We should n't ever have another Big Brother ! So read this book and open your mind ! You wo n't be happy in fact you 'll be very sad but it 's worth .
 Perhaps the description will seem turgid and tiresome as you read 1984 , but in retrospect it will have been to your great advantage to have read of this negative utopia . Regarding the one reviewer who gave this book one star -- please , actually pay attention before you write another review , and get your facts straight . Julia was n't in the Thought Police . Why do n't you go back to English class , and after you 've mastered `` Green Eggs & Ham '' try Orwell again . Thank you .
 Orwell 's 1984 is the best reason for people to read . It demonstrates clearly and horrifically what can happen to an uneducated society that allows itself to be controlled due to it 's own fear of initiative . Anyone who asks me why I read is automatically referred to this book , which is as important now as it was when it was written .
 I feel that Orwell tried to warn not just the people of his time , but future generations of the atrocities a form of government such as totalitarianism would create.Yeah , it -LRB- facism and nazism -RRB- was very rampant in ' 48 , but as '98 approaches , many of the things mentioned in the book are seemingly apparent in today 's society.I read this novel my senior year in high school , and I honestly have to say that no other book has ever gotten to me ... not even Slaughterhouse 5 . Now that I am in my first year in college I have to write a paper on this arbitrary fanatical form of government , I understand where Orwell was coming from when he said that '' BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU ! '' Our government , which has sworn to protect the public , says that we the people have our constitutional rights as americans to have privacy and freedoms , yet our lovely government harasses law abiding citizens by invading thier privacies and shutting them up when trying to express their opinions . Do n't get me wrong ... I like this country , but it is gradually reducing itself into this sadist form of government that Orwell had desperately tried to warn us about . I guess this is about all I have to say about this .
 Before I review the book , I must get this off my chest
 Take a deep futuristic look into the mind of author George Orwell in his intense novel , 1984 . Orwell 's ideas of what our world will be like in his future , is a pessimistic outlook on his new world . The `` Big Brother '' controls all , and the civilians of Oceania are powerless . People lack many of the simple freedoms that we are associated with today , and the government runs everything . Oceania is one of the three main super states that are battling for power . The city has a system of monitoring that will keep all residents from rebelling or from even thinking about it . The plot includes all the things that many great books do , including
 My name is Sean and I chose this book as a lit circle book in Mrs. Matau 's class at Walla Walla High School . I liked 1984 . It has conspiracy and oddly enough no written laws.Your used to watching the TV , in the book it watches you as well.If you can see the screen , Big Brother can see you.If you like undercover conspiracy stories then you will more than likely enjoy the theme of this book.Hope that helped you get a good idea of George Orwell 's 1984 .
 This book is very appealing due to the rise of communism that comes in generations following its publication . In Orwell 's fictional world , communism rules the people in all aspects . People are not allowed to form their own ideas and even think for themselves . The story is raw and does not try to sugar up anything but rather show the horrors of living in this negative utopia . While reading this novel Orwell makes it very clear what he is trying to say . He is warning the world never to fall into hands of a communist state . This book should be read by all because it is an easy read and shows how novels can be instrumental in exposing the truth about important global issues .
 This is my favorite book of all time ! Everything about it is great !
 thanks to right wing Republicans and Christians in this country.Great book ! He was truly a visionary , how he predicted this coming.Good bye civil liberties !
 This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch . With his descriptive depiction of the future , Orwell really puts the fear into the reader 's heart . With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime , Orwell 's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s . The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today . With America 's War on Terrorism , the Bush Administration has started restricting American 's basic civil liberties , such as a right to trial . This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell . Still if this book has one message , it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish , not taken for granted . This book is a crystal ball into our country 's future and deserves to be read . The founders of our Constitution would be appalled at the current state of the USA and what the Bush cabal is doing to it/us . The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them . In this time -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , we have our `` Two Minutes Hate '' with Osama bin Laden . Newspeak , the language created by the ruling party in 1984 , is amazingly detailed and seems feasible in light of our dyslexic Bushisms.It is based on the English language , and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year . An appendix , included in the book , enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language , and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it . To bad it ca n't be updated with all the words our low IQ president has created.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about -LRB- e.g. , thought control -RRB- are done in a quite blatant way in the book . In the real world of the 20th/21st century they 're done , only much more subtly . That way , we do n't know they being perpetrated on us . But with the Patriot Act , the boldness is destroying our Constitution.Here 's how 1984 applies to current events : WAR IS PEACEThe new `` War on Terrorism '' is being sold as a guarantor or our safety . While this war is being waged , we 're to accept permanent war as a fact of life . As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas , we are told to go back to `` living our lives . `` FREEDOM IS SLAVERY `` Freedom itself was attacked , '' Bush said . He 's right , though here 's the twist
 Mr. Orwell 's book is , rightfully , a must-read classic . The daily grind of existing in such an oppressive state piles onto the reader . There is not one iota of levity in this entire work . Mr. Orwell 's book is not simply a condemnation of communism , but a trenchant example of the concentration of power and the willingness of those overseers to do whatever it takes to stay in control . Democracy is not immune to this sort of heavy-handedness . The people in power attempt to subjugate the populace by controlling or falsifying information and using torture or at least the threat of force for political purposes . This is also about stripping individuals of their humanity . Mr. Orwell 's book is a cautionary tale about the dark side of the human condition . A wonderful learning tool .
 This book if my favorite of the classics . It 's another that is ahead of it 's time in terms of the relation of today . `` Big brother is watching you '' has become more and more true to the US . Knowing that this book has been banned in many countries due to it 's politcal points and `` references '' makes it even more appealing . Winston , -LRB- the main character -RRB- , lives in a totalitarian society and basically comes to realise that He wants to change his way of life and wants to be able to control his own destiny . By doing so he risks all that he is just to live a `` normal '' life . Without saying too much , please read this book .
 I enjoyed this book back in 1984 when I ` HAD ' to read it for a class project . I enjoyed the book then more as a work of science fiction . I just got a kindle and decided to re-read some older books that I had not purchased due to limited shelf space.Now that I read this book , I am struck by the warnings of what can come out of too much control in the hands of the few . One passage that really had me floored was ... '' ... in the general hardening of outlook that set in about ... practices that had been long abandoned ... imprisonment without trial ... the use of torture to extract confessions ... not only became common again , but were tolerated and even defended by people who considered themselves enlighted and progressive . `` This written almost 60 years ago ! This book is a must read as the messages are just as relevent today .
 1984 is without a doubt one of the best books ever written . It shows the reader the consequences of having an authorative government going to the extremes in controlling the thoughts and actions of its citizens . 1984 also brings up in interesting idea about the reasons for wars . According to Orwell , wars are fought not to gain territory but to get rid of the excess of material and wealth the citizens create . Another way to look at the book is to take our contempary setting of today and see what would happen if people didnt stand up for their rights and beliefs and laid all their trusts and fears upon their government .
 As hard as it is to say what the single best of most anything is , George Orwell 's 1984 comes as close to that title as any I can think of . The vision he presents is so engrossing that one is left haunted . He gives the world he envisions such texture and reality that it almost becomes real . There is a reason this book is referred to so often
 George Orwell 's , `` 1984 '' , is a classic and detailed adventure that will leave you asking for more . The story is set in London where Winston , the main character , works for big brother . But he soon finds himself questioning Big Brother and how he works.For a while Winston tried to blend in with the crowd and not really stand out . But when Winston starts to remember his childhood , he begins to question Big Brother . Winston soon finds himself wondering what life was like before big brother . But unless he takes a real chance , he has no way of changing anything.One flaw I found with the book was its detail . I like a lot of detail , but this book overdid it . I would soon found myself thinking about other things and not the book .
 George Orwell 's depressing look into the future is more possible today than it has ever been . Winston Smith , the book 's main character , is continually watched by Big Brother , the face of the government he despises . War is continuous , love is outlawed , and Big Brother is religion.Winston Smith , a worker for the Ministry of Truth -LRB- or Minitruth in newspeak -RRB- , goes to work everyday and falsifies records to make it look like Big Brother is always right . There are other ministries with names that contradict what they do . The Ministry of Peace -LRB- Minipax -RRB- deals with war . The Ministry of Love -LRB- Miniluv -RRB- deals with hate . Citizens are brainwashed not to notice what is going on . If they do , the government of Oceania wipes them out . Cameras are everywhere , microphones are everywhere , and spies are everywhere . George Orwell tells his tale in a way that makes it seem real , and in a while it very well may be .1984 not only gives an insight on what the government could be like , but the book is full of deceptive and interesting characters . Winston acts like Big Brother is god , but he really loathes him . Julia wears a belt that symbolizes chastity , but she sleeps with members of the Party . O'Brien is a member of the elite Inner Party , the group that controls Oceania , but he acts as though he is in cahoots with Goldstein , the enemy of Oceania . There are also plot twists and symbols in this book that make it even more interesting . This book is a must-read for anyone that cares about the future .
 This is an inexpensive classic and a great read . I recommend this book for anyone interested in a great book .
 I enjoyed hearing this on a recent driving trip . The story is dark and depressing , but thought provoking , especially considering current governmental politics.The production quallity is good . It consists of one author reading without sound effects , and while men on audio books always sound rediculous reading in a faux woman 's voice , that part is status quo.I bought this new , lent it to some freinds , then sold it on ebay . All in all a great book that I 'm glad I read and a good deal in the end .
 If there 's one book you read to further your awareness of the politics of the world around you and the abilities of someone else to control your emotions and thoughts , read 1984 . 1984 is essentially 2007 , -- silent rivers run deep ... in the Bush Regime.What becomes evident through reading the book is the fact that the real ruling people are not the puppets and appointed officials holding high positions . The people behind the curtains - the banking families in particular make the people in high positions subject to their own mercy.If you do some research you will find that high tech criminals count the USA 's votes , and that as long as we retain a `` democracy '' where one man is on top and a select group of people are pulling his strings , anything you see on the news will follow the same model - governments within governments , and intercompetition between them . The philosophies of 1984 are more relevant now than never . Objective reality is governed by the media , and indifference is bred in people 's minds to suit the avoidance of a possible utopia where every man is equal . `` War is Peace '' `` Ignorance is Strength `` Read this book or you may never know how powerful you/they are .
 This book relates the experiences of one Winston Smith in a world where all people belong to one of three totalitarian superpowers . In this dystopian novel , the state requires nothing less than the complete submission of individuals ' inner thoughts . `` The Party is not interested in the overt act
 My coworker was telling me about the movie , and the book . I loved it . It is quite scary how he predicted today 's government and politics . Great read , open your eyes more into reality .
 The book arrived in great shape . The theme of the book is so relevant to what I am experiencing in my chosen profession . `` Big Brother '' supervisors watching to make sure one does not upset their apple cart . Expectations are limited to resources available to the workplace . Racism and bullying is tolerated because independant thinking is no longer allowed ; comformity is preferred .
 I really liked this book . It is well written and it really made me think about the value of having privacy inside my own skull . It also made me wonder about how much of our free will IS free will and how much of it is manipulated . The story is fluid and easy to read . I seriously believe that this book is a must read , not only for science fiction lover but for everyone .
 1984 ... maybe 2024 ? Maybe 2044 but at some point in the not too distant future , Orwell 's prediction might actually have become a reality for the citizens of the world.It is incredibly easy to compare Oceania with North Korea , but with the NDAA , PATRIOT ACT and other Government measures `` to keep us safe '' there lies a very uneasy feeling that we as a society are heading down that same road.Scary but a classic must read .
 Amazing book , but really hard to get into at first I thought , but once you get past the bogged and clogged down and very over descriptive first quarter , a story and narrative finally emerge and you are sucked right into Winston and Julia 's very touching but also very tragic love affair . From here on in it is quite simply a page turner and I challenge any one not to put the book down once this love affair begins .
 The gloom and doom atmosphere that is pervasive throughout this story is awesomely put forth by George Orwell in his masterpiece of political fiction.It starts with the bit about the language that is being dummed down for the ordinary people so their vocabulary is kept restricted in order to keep them uninterested in higher thought such as philosophical ideas . The term he coined is `` double-speak '' whereby words are combined to express simpler thoughts , an effective method to wipe out entire concepts that could before be expressed in their full beauty.It ends with the electro-shock treatment of our `` hero '' who is inextricably trapped in the web of the government-machine . Not very uplifting but very thought-provoking .
 A timelees classic . One of those books you keep forever on your bookshelf and take down every couple of years to read again , with just as much enthusiasm as the first time you read it . It shows that no matter how dark things get , there is always that spark of human endurance which finds some light , even if only for a limited time .
 Imagine ... a world completely controlled by government . Nothing is kept private , and emotions are almost nonexistent . If you are considered different , you are killed . Sadly , Earth will soon come to this unavoidable fate , and George Orwell predicted this in 1949 . Written from the perspective of a middle aged man who lives in the near future , `` 1984 '' by George Orwell is a compelling novel that describes what will become of the world . The story takes place in what is assumed to be future America , and the story is told by a character named Winston Smith . Smith works in a modern office building , and has a quiet life that he lives by himself . But one trait of Winston does make him unique from his peers . He secretly despises `` Big Brother '' , the government figure that controls the world he knows . He dare not say anything of his feelings towards this subject , for if he shows any emotion , the Thought Police will erase his existence forever , making it seem like Winston Smith never existed . Yes , Smith is the type of man to never show what he is thinking , and the only emotion he displays is his fabricated love for `` Big Brother '' , who is always watching . All of this changes as soon as Winston finds out a young girl named Julia is in love with him . Their love for each other is so dangerous and unheard of , that it fuels their hate for the government even more . The themes of this book are rebellion , sacrifice , and honestly , and I recommend `` 1984 '' for anyone looking for a good read . I believe it should be required in school curriculum , for it contains realistic , yet nightmarish visions of America 's possible future . On a scale of 1-10 , I would rate Orwell 's work at a 8 .
 This book is a must-read classic . It is kind of scary to think that Orwell wrote this in the 1940s . It 's a must-read for anyone , not just sci-fi lovers !
 Just imagine a world in which the government controlled EVERY aspect of our lives . In George Orwell 's 1984 , the government does that and more . Not only are activities and living conditions controlled , but people 's thoughts and even reality itself is under the control of the governmental party . The characters in this novel are very well created ; from the mysterious and overwhelming Big Brother , to the main character - Winston - who is a simple office worker with a very complicated job . There is even a steamy romance thrown in there ! This spooky tale of a negative utopia will have you deep in philosophical thought , as well as on the edge of your seat from suspense . I highly recommend it , definitely worth the purchase .
 To me this novel is unmistakingly about religious doctrine , not just totalitarian governments and the terrors associated with revolution . The way people are told to believe in the Party -LRB- Christianity -RRB- even though they have the intelligence to reason that it is totally illogical . I can see no difference between someone who has faith and someone who is prepared to use doublethink to mentally condition themselves . Both require the user to operate at two levels - to apply scientific fact for instance to construct televisions and rocket engines , and then to be able to switch into illogical rambling and decide that they believe an obscure doctrine that has no basis in fact.That is why Orwells ideas can not be dismissed as `` far-fetched '' and irrelevant . If the faithful ever gain the whip hand of society we may well see ourselves being repressed into acceptance of ignorance and the worship of Big Brother -LRB- God -RRB- . What is it they tell us as children ? That God is omnipotent and can see everything ? Does that sound similar ? The telescreens and microphones are simply an extensions of God ` s apparent omnipotence and the Thought Police the modern dy equivalent of the Spanish Inquistion.I found it very ironic that one reader claims that his desert island books would be 1984 and the Bible . The former is a book that warns against society discarding intelligent thought and reason , the latter is a book that through the ages has caused that to occur.Everyone should read this book if they can . There are many levels of comparison other than that of religion of course , but it is here that I see the most relevance to contempoary society .
 I am a second year high school English teacher and I just read this book for the first time because I loved Animal Farm and I am now trying to figure out a way to talk my district into including it in the curriculum.I am not a very political person -LRB- I do n't even vote -RRB- , but this is a very interesting read about a society that never existed , but is coming very close to emerging
 Tooooo Late to write a review , maybe tomarow ... read this book a year ago and just wanted to rate it ... 5 stars of course
 I do n't mind being 0 for 8 or even 0 for 1000 on this one but I 'm wondering what reviewers disagree with . -LRB- OR ARE ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS FROM THE DESK OF big brother ? Now that would make sense . -RRB- Help me out here , guys ! Am I missing something ? Or are there really that many people that can read Orwell and totally miss what HE is saying . I 'm just the messenger of the messenger ! Get it?Okay , so again , here 's my take on Orwell . Reviewers , please point out where I am wrong if you think my review UNhelpful . Thank you.Orwell 's classic 1984 is , very simply , true . Many believe that it was a prediction of what our world would be like in 1984 -LRB- it was written in 1951 -RRB- . It was not a prediction but rather an analogy to the world of Orwell 's time . He was ALREADY LIVING IN 1984 . Most people can not -LRB- or will not -RRB- see that our world is already controlled by BIG BROTHER . It is sad , scary but true . In 1984 Orwell shows the governments of the world scaring their own population . Well , America does the same thing ! So does any country that wishes to extract huge taxes from its population to support `` needed '' war machines . Now that the Soviet `` threat '' is gone , America needed a new one . Enter
 `` 1984 '' has to be one the best albums ever , and definitely one of my favorite records . The production by Ted Templeton is excellent , and David Lee Roth 's vocals are probably the finest to ever be put on vinyl . The highlight of the record is , in my opinion , the hit single `` Jump . '' Once again , Eddie Van Halen 's guitar work is the best in the business . Five stars , check it out !
 Well worth the read , I could n't put it down . For a cheap Kindle version it was rally very good quality
 Though it is a fantastic book that I always wanted to learn and I am very happy that I finally made it , just you should be cautious not to read this exaggerated and depressing description of a communist country , if you are already depressed ! ; -RRB-
 ` 1984 ' es un libro que presenta un escenario de intrigas pol&iacute;ticas y sociedades secretas y como afectan la sociedad . Un libro muy interesante y de lectura amena . Lo recomiendo . Tambi&eacute;n otros buenos libros de toda clase de temas y de diferentes autores tales como
 I had already read the Portuguese translation many years ago and decided send my son the original.We 're living in the Big Brother 's age ...
 good book , not much to say . This is a classic novel and the ending is great . I dont want to spoil it , but i promise le last 30 pages is worth the investment of your time and money
 Orwell vividly paints a horrific picture of this fictional futuristic society , which is all the more terrifying because of the similarities drawn with the present .
 This is a classic book that tells how things will be in the future . The movie V for Vendetta seems to be based on this novel . Either way I really enjoyed reading it ! It makes you think carefully .
 Loved it . . It was exactly as stated when purchased . There were no faults or flaws in the product ordered through this company .
 This book should be on everyone 's list . A must read that is hauntingly real in light of the political realities of today 's world .
 I do n't think I can say anymore about this than hundreds of other readers have already mentioned . It 's a classic and rightfully so . But will Big Brother eventually take over our lives ? You be the judge .
 Am amazing glimpse into the future by Orwell.It is eerie how the world is evolving into what Orwell predicted.A must read for anybody interested in the evolution of a world fascist government .
 When I read this book in High School , 1984 was still in the future . I just re-read the book and it still packs the wallop now as it did then . Perhaps even more so since one can see parts of this book coming true.This was required reading back in the day , and I am glad it was . A series of `` Negative Utopias '' such as Animal Farm , Farenheit 451 , Brave New World warned of the dangers of societies where personal freedoms are lost , the individual and free spirit are crushed.These warnings and themes are ingrained in our speech today , which is a good thing . 1984 speaks of a world always at war , citizens are under constant surveillence , history is changed on a daily basis . It is a sharp criticism of Communism , Fascism or any government that restricts personal freedoms.It can be a depressing read , since the environment is dark , oppressive , gloomy and the sad ending is foreshadowed by the characters . But it has to be dark , because a society so stripped from freedom would be impoverished . Highly recommended for all High School students , for anyone who hasnt read this , and yes , for those who read it a long , long time ago .
 George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four is a dystopic novel . It describes a possible future world where totalitarianism completely controls the lives of the population , leaving no space for freedom , privacy , individuality etc. . The novel is very often cited nowadays . Recent events , such as more video surveillance , making communication snooping legal , communist parties appearing in western countries , make the novel seem like a warning , as the world described therein is not unlikely to happen.I read the book as a non-native English speaker and found it easy to follow for my level -LRB- C1 -RRB- . I liked that the author invested a great effort to describe in detail the totalitarian world and the mechanisms which keep it alive . The horror of living in such a world is very well highlighted by showing experiences from a typical citizen.All in all , a must-read book , not necessarily because it entertains , but because it educates .
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston Smith1984
 There is a lot of information and insinuations in this book - so many that I will definitely have to read it over and look deeper into Orwell 's meanings . Most of it I did pick up on though and I must say that I love the story as much as I love Orwell 's intentions with this book . Much more graphic of a novel than I first expected , and humorous at the most unexpected times , I know now why this is a classic novel .
 What is the most significant novel of the twentieth century ? Justify your answer with specific examples.The 20th century produced a plethora of literary masterpieces . Choosing , and then asserting which novel is the most significant is supremely difficult - almost as difficult a choice as Abraham had when the Lord asked him to sacrifice his only son , Isaac . I personally love the mental stimulation in works of fiction . In particular I love the human drama and savage social criticisms that are found within fictional dystopias . As such , I believe the most significant novel of last century was ` 1984 ' by George Orwell . The book addresses -LRB- and attacks -RRB- issues of authoritative governments , propaganda , sectorisation , thought control , social classes , as well as rebellion , and love and hate.As a novel , ` 1984 ' is so highly regarded that it has been reprinted into some 65 world languages . This fact alone speaks volumes about the importance of this particular piece of literature . Orwell writes his novels for anyone who can read , albeit some people may find a dictionary necessary at times . By writing simply , Orwell does n't exclude anyone from his novels . ` 1984 ' is simply written , easily read and thoroughly brilliant . It is about government totalitarianism in Britain - but it could be about any country on the planet . The government in the book are a brutal regime that use lies , propaganda , and power to keep their citizens in a state of fear and subjugation . We have seen Orwell 's sage words come true in various world governments ; including Zimbabwe , and perhaps more poignantly , North Korea . In fact , the word ` Orwellian ' stems from ` 1984 ' , and can be used to refer to any tyrannical government.Winston Smith is the main character in the book . He works for the government and his job is to write propaganda - including wiping out official facts , and embellishing government statistics . The world is broken down into three super-states , and the British government he is part of is in ` Oceania ' . Here we see more future events scribed before the fact . Oceania can be regarded as similar to the modern day European Union . Currently , sectorisation is in progress all over the world . APEC , OPEC , the G20 and a host of other blocs and conglomerates reinforce this point.This literary masterpiece has been studied rigorously in various high school English classes all over the world , and this is testament to its significance as a novel . My high school used both ` 1984 ' and Orwell 's other classic , ` Animal Farm ' as texts for senior English lessons . It is somewhat ironic though ; that in the 21st century the ` Big Brother ' concept has been turned into a smutty , distasteful television program . ` 1984 ' is a book filled with human drama . It is about us not letting go of our democratic values , and making sure that we , the citizens , keep our governments transparent and accountable . It is about the courage of one man to rebel against tyranny , but sadly it also finishes with tyranny winning in the end . The book foresees actual historical events , and lets us know that dystopia is a possibility anywhere , anytime . ` 1984 ' is used in many classrooms around the world - and some aspects of it are part of modern day popular culture . These facts , as well as the points already outlined make this book the most significant novel of the twentieth century .
 The book was a little worn and was written in but it is just fine.We enjoyed reading the book and i will continue to buy from Amazon.It was here when you said it would be.Again thank you for your promptness .
 Used book but in good shape . Some underlining that was in the description is not objectionable.Good vendor , good price , good delivery . All in all this was a good purchase.Animal Farm will be next so I can compare yesterday 's political fiction to today 's real politics .
 I have been looking forward to receiving this since I ordered it but nothing prepared me for this huge and beautiful book ! The pages are life size copies of George Orwell 's handwritten manuscript with workings and rewrites and transcribed in type on the facing page . We are adapting this novel for the stage with puppetry for Christmas 2009 at BAC in London and this is an invaluable resource for us . Kapability has posted this book safely to us in London from North America packaged with great care , it is in perfect mint condition as promised , no markings except George 's ! I am extremely grateful . A RAVE REVIEW for Amazon and Kapability - Thank you !
 The book was a little slow being delivered but no problems ! It also came in better condition than I was expecting ! -LRB- :
 Having just read 1984 for the first time in 2005 , I can see how people might discredit it now . However , I find many parallels for today 's world . All readers should read this book as a lesson for what happens when governments run unchecked by the people .
 Firstly this is a fantastic book and a fantastic read . At times brilliantly lurid and erotic and at other times completely bleek and depressing . At all times it is however engaging to the point of being one of those cant-put-down type books.Secondly this book is just as important as Hayek 's Road to Serfdom . Although Hayek 's treatise rightly or wrongly -LRB- and I would tend towards the latter -RRB- skewed economic thinking towards the economic rationalist line so favoured by the Friedmanites , it was 1984 that put the fear of god into people who care little for economics . It has helped shape the world that we live in today.As a side note , the final part of Simon Schama 's History of Britain is a look at The Two Winstons . Namely Churchill and Orwell through the main character of this book . It is an excellent exploration of the two men and really gives an idea about who they were and what they really stood for .
 Orwell 's 1984 , changed the way I look at life . It has made me leary of all fanatics , particularly relgious fanatics . The society of Oceania closely resembles many ultra-Right wing organizations . They demand total conformity from all of their members . Big Brother parallels the Judeo-Christian God in that he demands total loyalty . The Party can not lie . If they say that 2 +2 = 5 then it 's true , and the individual is forced to conform . One of the scariest concepts in the book is `` Ignorance Is Strength . '' I 've spoken to many religious fanatics who believe that ignorance is strength . They would rather believe what they have always believed , than question `` so-called '' truth . The most valuable lesson that this book taught me is that any authority that can not be questioned , can not be trusted !
 This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch . With his descriptive depiction of the future , Orwell really puts the fear into the reader 's heart . With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime , Orwell 's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s . The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today . With America 's War on Terrorism , the Bush Administration has started restricting American 's basic civil liberties , such as a right to trial . This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell . Still if this book has one message , it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish , not taken for granted.This book is a crystal ball into our country 's future and deserves to be read . The founders of our Constitution would be appalled at the current state of the USA and what the Bush cabal is doing to it/us . The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them . In this time -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , we have our `` Two Minutes Hate '' with Osama bin Laden . Newspeak , the language created by the ruling party in 1984 , is amazingly detailed and seems feasible in light of our dyslexic Bushisms . It is based on the English language , and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year . An appendix , included in the book , enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language , and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it . To bad it ca n't be updated with all the words our low IQ president has created.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about -LRB- e.g. , thought control -RRB- are done in a quite blatant way in the book . In the real world of the 20th/21st century they 're done , only much more subtly . That way , we do n't know they being perpetrated on us . But with the Patriot Act , the boldness is destroying our Constitution.Here 's how 1984 applies to current events : WAR IS PEACEThe new `` War on Terrorism '' is being sold as a guarantor or our safety . While this war is being waged , we 're to accept permanent war as a fact of life . As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas , we are told to go back to `` living our lives . `` FREEDOM IS SLAVERY `` Freedom itself was attacked , '' Bush said . He 's right , though here 's the twist
 I read this book in 1994 , just after a trip to Byelorussia , Russia and Poland . Life under the Soviet regime must have been a nightmare . This book helped me appreciate what it must have been like .
 What struck me the most is - unfortunately - how timeless the book is . It was n't the current political environment that drew me to the it , yet it 's relevancy ca n't be denied -LRB- I 'm a former English major and have been reading some of the classics that my education neglected -RRB- . That being said , a lot of comparisons can be drawn between Saddam Hussein and `` 1984 's '' Goldstein -LRB- keep in mind I 'm no Kerry supporter -RRB- . I 'm not saying Saddam 's atrocities are fictitious , but they certainly were embellished to gain the support of the masses for a war the United States is incapable of winning . Now that war is being used by the Bush Administration -LRB- read Big Brother -RRB- to make a case for its being elected to another term . Or , to paraphrase Dick Cheney , if the other guy gets elected , you might die . I hate Big Brother.The manner in which Orwell gets his point across is a little gimmicky at times -LRB- a manual on how the government operates , as well as one on the language -RRB- , although I doubt many writers could construct a better way of getting across their point . It 's not anything that would detract from a five-star rating .
 why ? read the book ... i dont exist
 A certain mental maturity is needed to appreciate this book . It is useless to prescribe it to silly bobby-socksers whose minds and interests ca n't go beyond TV shows about spoiled teenagers and/or Most-Popular-Boy-on-Whatyamacallit-School-Team . Go back to your Barbies , nitwits
 I found Nineteen Eighty-Four to be genius in the respect that it is absolutely consistent , and original in some cases , in detailing the State 's efforts in gaining total obedience from its victims . Most importantly , Orwell acknowledges the means of gaining unquestioned obedience
 I greatly enjoyed this audio book , partly because the narrator 's vocal gifts brought alive the various characters and thier accents . I also enjoyed revisitng a book that I had read long ago , in the earlry years of my life . I now was able to see more clearly the fears inspired by the Communist party in post-war Eastern Europe and China , and how those events inspired Orwell 's writing of this book and the reactions of his audience .
 1984 came and went un eventfully , but if you read this now you might see some parallels to modern day things . It is 2006 they were told they would always be at war sound familiar . Rumsfield told us that too . Read the book and see what Orwell predicted would happen and what is happening . Then watch the movie made near 1984 . See what you think . You might want to read brave new world after that by Aldous Huxley . It is interesting that these authors were so far ahead of the times .
 Richard Brown 's voice is perfect for 1984 - a novel about a distopia . I listened to this while driving to work in my car . This is a very deep , thoughtful novel to begin with . It is made so real by a good actor . I highly recommend this .
 This is a story that , unfortunately , seems to be slowly coming true . Many science fiction titles are escapist literature that either imagine a very different world -LRB- s -RRB- from our own , or at the very least , hold out some hopeful message - in other words , the good guys usually manage to win . This is neither kind of book . And it is science fiction because the sinister use of technology is what allows Big Brother to invade everyone 's privacy and dictate what the characters can do or say , with severe , nightmarish punishment for `` disobedience . '' There have other novels that have seized upon this idea of an anti-utopia , but Orwell was one of the first to place it in a realistic future , and in a chilling this-is-all-too-possible way.And the parallels with our modern world are especially profound , parallels that are obvious all around us . The growing number of surveillance cameras on street corners , the ironic -LRB- but deliberately -RRB- named Patriot Act , the rise of political and religious intolerance in the world ... all of it does not bode well for the future of our basic liberties . Orwell got in right back in 1948 , and although he was primarily referring to the `` red menace '' of his era , the tactics used by suppressive governments are tempting for any government because of the control such tactics provide , liberties be damned . Your agenda - whatever it is - can more easily be achieved if you can identify your enemies early on and thwart their every move . The problem is , when your enemies are law-abiding citizens whose political -LRB- or religious -RRB- views do n't match your own - and that 's the only `` crime '' - you 've stepped over the boundary of national security and entered the realm of repression . And to stop open criticism of these tactics , these governments -LRB- including the repressive one in 1984 -RRB- invariable claim that the critics are `` unpatriotic , '' `` traitors , '' maybe even `` terrorists . '' Sound familiar ? Repressive governments have been using these tactics for centuries ; only now , modern technology makes it a whole lot easier - and yes , unfortunately , a lot more tempting.Of course we do n't want real terrorists . The problem is , a `` quick fix '' of sweeping powers put into the hands of a relatively few like-minded individuals - with checks and balances muted if not totally brushed aside - can , will , and has lead to abuse of those powers , primarily for political and personal gains . That was the real message of 1984 , and it 's one we should never forget . And if the citizens of a repressive government either do n't recognize the danger - or worse yet , vigorously defend it under some mistaken notion of being `` patriotic '' themselves , surrendering their own liberties in the process - that just makes it all the easier for the incumbents to remain in power , with little chance for genuine reform or change.It 's all there in this great book , 1984 , which deserves to be widely read forever and amen.-Mark Wakely , author of An Audience for Einstein
 Nineteen Eighty-four is a classic and timeless book ; It has as much effect today that it possessed in 1949 . I would strongly argue that this book is a classic novel and deserves every bit of praise that it has and will receive . It does n't feel like there is any type of language barrier between Orwell , his message , and today 's reader . He often uses long sentences with very descriptive words to allow the reader to be able to see/feel/smell every place and problem that the main character , Winston Smith , encounters and deals with.I expected this novel to be painful to read and understand , but I was pleasantly surprised to find that Orwell had done an exceptionally good job of writing the novel , and thus made reading the book utterly painless . One of my favorite descriptive paragraphs in is when Winston enters the canteen where everyone eats lunch . Here is an excerpt form it : `` In the low-ceilinged canteen , deep underground , the lunch queue jerked slowly forward . The room was already very full and deafeningly noisy . From the grille at the counter the steam of stew came pouring forth , with a sour metallic smell which did not quite overcome the fumes of Victory Gin . On the far side of the room there was a small bar , a mere hole in the wall , where gin could be bought at ten cents the large nip . `` Slowly I began to see the chapters fly by , amazed by the originality that the setting included . This was meant to be a bit of a pseudo-Sci Fi novel , in that it is set in the future . But unlike many other Sci Fi novels , however 1984 does not focus on how the technology works . Rather Orwell focuses on why it works and why the government made it , or replaced something else with this new approved technology.I was fascinated by how believable the setting was and how myself , as the reader , did n't come across any of those usual Sci Fi moments where something is just to out there for the reader to grasp , or relate to at all . This is a book about humans and the human condition , not about sparkily flying cars or teleporters . In fact , many things about the futuristic setting of 1984 make you glad that you are in the present time and not in this hellish future of thoughtcrime and Ingsoc -LRB- which means English socialism in newspeak , a new form of shorter English -RRB- . From horrible tasting `` victory '' coffee , gin , and cigarettes , to the constant fear of being prosecuted with thoughtcrime . The reader is constantly drawn into Smith 's nightmare . Even just having unusual facial patterns in public or in front of one of the countless telescreens could lead to not only your own death but you being erased from history . Indeed , the world of 1984 is Orwell 's own interpretation of a world with socialism as its only form of government , and how he thought socialism would naturally evolve.The sense of paranoia and the disturbing way one could look at this new age as a possible future for the human race is immense , where everyone is as politically correct as can be . Children turn in their parents to be killed by the government for thoughtcrime , and people watch extremely gory movies and laugh their heads off when the children and their mother get pumped full of lead from a helicopter . Wars that may or may not really be going on , constant missiles going off around the towns , blowing up hundreds of people everyday , leaving the others left alive without a sense of fear because they know that Big Brother , the father figure of the party , will save them from their enemies , all these features add to the unusual background of the story . Winston himself works at the Ministry of truth , and basically writes some of Big Brothers speeches , creates imaginary hero 's of war to raise the morale of the people , rectifying history books and novels to better fit the parties beliefs , and the creation of propaganda . I found it interesting and ironic that Orwell would make the main character , who despises the party inwardly , work for the very ministry that keeps the lie a reality.I could safely recommend this book to anyone who likes English literature , or likes to think and ponder of an idea or thought . Because I found the whole premise of the book incredibly enjoyable and thought-provoking . It all seems so believable , like Orwell saw all the gaps in the theory of his novel and his invented culture , and made sure to cover them all . It takes you to another world politically , but is n't fanciful about it ; in fact , when I think of this new London and Oceania , I think of a very gritty , dirty and rusty nation.I really loved part I of the book as it is more about introducing you to Oceania and the Party 's rules/beliefs rather then the progression of Winston as a character and his situation . `` War is peace , Freedom is slavery , Ignorance is strength '' is the slogan for the party , and it is repeated many times throughout the novel . I think that it was a great yet practical way for Orwell to sum up the attitude of the party and the setting of the novel in just nine words . 1984 truly is a classic of English literature . It will , and has , stood the test of time . It feels like this book has hardly aged a day , because of the detailed yet simple writing method that Orwell uses . As long as the English language remains the same , one could read this book and understand what Orwell is portraying in 1984 . Because it relates to basic human fears of always being watched and the fear of speaking out and being your own person , someone who thinks for himself . The novel has a universal character to it . Anyone could relate to it ; not necessarily paranoia , but just that feeling like you cant quite speak your mind fully for one reason or another .
 If not one of the more entertaining novels , this book is certainly one of the most important reads of the century . As others have probably already stated , this book is not so much a warning as it is a clear testament of what is already happening today . It is meant to destroy your impression of society and the world , forcing you to see it as it is ; not as it is represented in the news , in film and other mind deluding media.I can not put it any simpler than that.The story is about a man who lives in a futuristic world that is governed by the will of the nameless , faceless government , which is only referred to as , `` Big Brother . '' Big Brother controls not only the actions of the people , but human thought is also enforced . Everyone is watched . The most disturbing aspect to this story is not the fact that human rights and individual freedoms have been stripped away , but the fact that everyone agrees to these terms . That leaves no room for change ; no will to fight . It is a story about a government that was allowed too much control over the people , where the future is hopelessly secured and preserved by totalitarian rule.It sounds impossible , I know . But it is not impossible . There are countries and governments who have achieved such power over the wills and minds of the people and , like in this story , do not believe they are being oppressed , simply because they do not know freedom or individuality , having never experienced it , or worse , forgotten what it was like.The People 's Republic of China just happens to be one such government , which has managed to not only limit outside information from entering the country , but controls what people see and hear within the country 's walls . Chinese search engines are monitored and websites that speak of government crimes are shut down . Local news in China is also heavily monitored and journalists who step beyond their stations and center their articles on truth are threatened with their lives . If you were to tell a citizen of China that a whole village was massacred for protesting the construction of a power plant intoxicating a nearby river essential for the village 's survival , then that citizen would most likely call you a liar . All Chinese citizens see on their television sets are repeats and repeats of heroism in the fight against the Japanese occupation , which only strengthens the loyalty the people of China have towards their government , forever binding them to that * one image , while the Communist Party strategically conceals the bloodbaths and assaults on their own people.Despite the fact that this book was written long ago , it has more standing purpose today than it ever did in the past . I use China as an example because I know something of that country and its people , but such human restriction is practiced in all countries , some more than others . I remember when the war in Iraq began , there were millions of people somehow believing that Iraq had something to do with 9/11 , encouraging everyone , even senate members of the Democratic Party , to support Bush 's decision , and they did.The minds and the wills of people can be bent , shaped and directed by your government , while keeping you completely blind to the fact , and this book here is probably the best example of how it is done and how far it can go ... if it is not stopped .
 1984 is more of a timeless book than `` Animal Farm '' in that while Communism itself has come and gone , the superstate described in this novel , has not.There may be no Ministry of Truth in our time , but who ca n't see the parallels between the politically correct newspeak and doublethink described in the book and that created by the ` politically correct ' wordsmiths of our era?All , in all , a well written book with `` eye opening '' coverart in the Signet edition with forward by Erich Fromm .
 Even though it may be two decades past its proposed occurence , `` 1984 '' by George Orwell is just as relevant and unsettling as ever . Orwell crafted an original novel of a negative utopia where humans live under the almost complete power of a government which monitors the actions of all . Yet there is more to the story than the fate of what happens to its two main characters , Winston and Julia.Winston Smith is discontented ; he finds himself more and more having radical thoughts that go against the government , and finds himself taking actions that could get him arrested if these actions were known . But Winston does n't care - he knows that there must be more to his life than the lies the government passes off as truth , the very lies that he helps them to rewrite in his job at the Ministry of Truth . When his path crosses with that of Julia , the two embark on an ` illegal ' love affair and further rebellion against Big Brother . Their effort is doomed to fail and the reader watches the deterioration of Winston 's resolve , and of his memory.While the story of `` 1984 '' is engaging and well-written , the characters vivid and actualized , there is more to the story than such a simple summary . It is a dark treatise on the effects of power when held in the hands of a few , or even also just the corruption that the drive and desire for power can have . In a world that is constantly changing and making advancements in technology , the world that Orwell envisioned is all too ghostly familiar . It would be rather easy to imagine a world where people accept what they are told through the television and other media , without giving it a second thought -LRB- or even a first thought -RRB- of their very own . It is all too easy to imagine the world described in `` 1984 '' even two decades later , for Orwell 's nightmare vision has no expiration date .
 George Orwell imagined the future in a dull state where every single thought , emotion and action would be monitored by the government .1984 tells the story of Winston living in a socialist country , feeling depressed and then deciding to rebel.Orwell is able to convey the helplessness of Winston as well as his routine by use of short snappy sentences . However , as the plot thickens Orwell extends the sentences conveying Winton 's hope and rebellion .1984 is truly captivating and rather depressing . As I read I saw everything in my mind as grey and broken but I could n't put this book down .
 I literally continuously read this book for about nine months . I would finish the book in only a few days , but I absolutely loved it . I just started over and kept reading it and re-reading it . This is one of those books where the plot got better every time and even knowing the ending did not dampen the suspense . I thought this book is one of the greatest of its class ever . Orwell is a true master .
 I read this book twice . Once as a assignment in class and the second because I found it so interesting and vibrant . This book is very interesting . It tells us his theory of what the future is or was to be like . I love it because it had a sense of character to it and was one of the best inside exquiste books I ever read .
 I was not required to read 1984 for my English class . However , as an extra credit assignment I took the challenge of reading this novel . I read it in two days -LRB- a fast time for a reader like me -RRB- and I found it very enjoyable . Since , then I have read other books along the same subject , and still find this book to be a classic example of negative utopia .
 People who think that 1984 is outdated , since Communism went down got it wrong . 1984 is not only about Communism . 1984 is about human nature and society . And the concerns it raises will never be outdated . Think of how you can be traced by credit card transactions , and how every information about your habits , income , interests , etc. is stored somewhere . Then think about the telescreens in 1984 again . Privacy has become an illusion . Also consider this
 This book is the stuff of nightmares . I 've had several since reading it , and they are well justified . Anyone who ever questions how free we in this country truely are or who feels we 're being represses , read this book . You 'll come away from it determined not to see a future like this . 1984 is a gem , both for its horror-movie frightening power and its ability to affect readers deeply . Read and be scared .
 I was required to read this book for my High School Practical Law class . I realize that most teens -LRB- at least in my class -RRB- would never attemp to read this book . The politics and theorys are quite deep . I was extremely bored and had a hard time getting through it . . But I just finnished it and am glad that I did . As much as I was confused by it , I enjoyed it . But I did fall asleep on the couch whil reading the part where Winston was reading to Julia . It got to be a bit lenghty but I am glad I read it , and for you teens who are requried to read it too , Good luck to all of you!Maureen : -RRB- Age 15
 1984 On september the 6 . th someone said that Orwell never read , and therefore was not inspired by `` We '' . That is not true . I have got a rewiew of `` we '' that Orwell wrote in 1947 . Besides , I have read a danish translation of Samjatins novel , and there are loads of parralels . But still I regard 1984 as one of the greatest , and most visionary , novels of modern times .
 This book will stay with you forever . It is such a horrific prophecy of socialist control of government that you will find your resolve strengthened to continue to fight for the freedoms with which we are blessed in this country . You will be intrigued throughout this book and find yourself with a new heightened awareness of the brutal nature of governmental control of our lives .
 Just as high lord Orwell predicted , the world is at an apocalyptic state . Constant war , no privacy , thought police , the world is truly at its end . Though this lowly species has somehow managed to survive 15 years longer than lord Orwell predicted , surely this feeble race will extinguish itself because of its own greed and blind hatred . The contempt of the aristocrats has finally backfired as all knew it would . Creating ignorance and superficiality amongst the masses has finally gone too far , and there are no functional human beings left to survive . The contempt for nature and human ideals has led us to the brink of destruction , by our own hand .
 A frighting look at how the future could turn out . A world where Independent thought is a crime , because it is not sactioned by the goverment . A world where Big Brother is always right , because there is no way to prove it is wrong . A world where your kids may turn you in for being an Enemy of the State , simply because you said the words `` Down with Big Brother '' . A protrait of a world that could very easily become our own unless we do everything in our power to fight it . Those who believe that Big Brother could never happen , will most likely be the first ones into Room 101 . Thomas Jefferson and Ben Franklin both once said `` Those who give up Freedom for Security , will not have , niether do they deserve , either . '' 1984 is a perfect description of a society that gave up their freedom hoping for safety . Instead , they lost both , trading in the criminal in the streets , for criminals in the Halls of Government , and in essence , the innocent have become the criminals .
 It is basically the best book I have ever read . I could talk about the complexity and undertones forever , but the only way to get the full effect is to read it .
 In a controlled world , people live there lives under the scruntinying eye of the telescreens . History is changed time after time , the fear of the `` Thought Police '' is grave , a new language is born and war is perpetual . Among this mess , a forbidden love occurs in which they break the law and discuss their hatred about `` Big Brother '' , the undisputed leader . They join a rebel organization , they are caught and left to the tender mercies of the `` Thought Police '' and room 101 .
 `` 1984 '' by British political writer George Orwell -LRB- whose real name was Eric Blair -RRB- is simply the best book ever written . It is the story of one man 's struggle to live a normal life and find true love in the forever-dark , totalitarian society of 1984 . Terrifying . Compelling . Heartbreaking . Unforgettable . Read it . It 'll change the way you think . Also watch the movie with John Hurt and Richard Burton .
 Nineteen Eighty Four offers a harrowing glimpse into the totalitarian state . Previous posters are correct that Orwell NEVER intended his novel to be an indictment against Communism . After all , Orwell himself fought against the Franco Regime during the Spanish Civil War - on the side of the Republicans AND Socialists . I would like to respond to a certain -LRB- British -RRB- poster thus
 This is the best book I have ever read !! Once it was in my hand it went everywhere with me , I was comopletely unable to put it down for a second and once I had finished it I had to read it again . It is one of the finest examples of 20th century literature and a must read for everyone . Orwell shows his total command for the english language and defines himself as one of the greatest writers of all time .
 Orwell 's descrption of a dark future is so perceptive it is truly frightening.The world that our hero steps into is not an evil world , it is not a fantasy description of a world where evil creatures beyond our world has taken over and forced humanity into slavery . Rather it is a world where the dark sides of the human nature has been given the chance to rule . The book holds numerous references to the horrors of stalinism and nazism as well as describing the problems with democracy -LRB- the same argument that he brilliantly describes in his previous novels and essays -RRB- . Also it shows the problem of the individual within the collektive and how easily groups and structures can hold the individul hostage . I belive that this book goes beyond describing a world that was , but instead should be held up against a world that could be if we are not carefull.I recomend this -LRB- and any other Orwell -RRB- book with every fiber in my body .
 An excellent and horrifying view of a possible future for our world . Written in 1949 , `` 1984 '' takes place in a future ruled by a rutheless and violent governemnt that watches all its citezins . The story 's main character is Winston Smith , who 's life is changed after buying an old journal and simply writing the words , `` DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER '' From there , paranoia turns into realised fear as everything Winston does makes him a target for the governments thought police , who are everywhere . Orwell does not hold back in his warning to the citezins of a free world of what may happen if one day we stopped watching ourselves and those who govern us . Do n't take advantage of your feedom .
 this is one of the greates books i have ever read it goes along with orwells great reputation of pplitical novles it left me wondering on how the human race is so week and breakable once you pass the first page you will not put it down till you finsh it
 THIS BOOK GOES STRAIGHT FOR THE THROAT OF COMMUNISM . I LOVED THIS BOOK . it moved and enspired me . DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER !!! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER !!! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER !!! DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER !!! FREEDOM IN ITS PUREST FORM DEMANDS INEQUALITY ... AND THATS THE WAY THINGS SHOULD BE . ORWELL UNDERSTOOD IT PERFECTLY .
 This is a good book , it just brings bad memories since the point in my life when I had to read it for my English class is one of those bad times . I really would n't mind if I never see nor hear of this book for all of eternity from this day forth because the mere thought of it is kind of depressing . But all emotion aside and inhibitions up , the book itself is quite good .
 1984 was the most mind-boggling book I read . George Orwell ` simagination captivated the mind throughout the novel . One constantlyforgot that Orwell was a man of the 1940s writing his view of what the world would be like in 1984 . It was amazing to read Orwell 's perception of the future in such vivid detail . This is the story of an entirely new world . Just as people thought that the world would become utter chaos in our far future , the year 2000 , George Orwell believed that in his far future , 1984 , there would only be three superstates in existence
 When I have the chance to read it , I was really shocked because what the book said was the history in red China.All the things are familar to any Chinese people over 30 years old.I am surprised because there was no difference between reality and the imagine of author .
 to be perfectly honest , after i 'd completed ' 1984 ' , i feared for us all . partly because i am a perpetual worrier , partly because this book so easily depicts what can , and already has begun to , happen to us as a race . 1984 intricately details a world shot to hell by mass propaganda , scapegoating , blatant lies and brainwashing . the story is told in third person , through the jaded and frustrated eyes of one winston smith , just another poor soul gone wrong . we see what the world has become
 This book is the most influential anti-Utopian novel of the twentieth century . It shows the destruction of power that government can inflict on a society . It is a novel that gives insight into modern society and embodies the nightmare of a totalitarian society . The book illustrates the idea of dehumanizing humans making them without thoughts , desires , and emotions . This book makes the reader question the power of government and wonder where our society is heading .
 Conspirisy therories aside , Orwell 's prolific masterpiece ' 1984 ' tells of the struggle to remain human when faced with insurmountable odds . Orwell 's unique vison , formed in the desperation of post-war Europe in 1947 , descibes a future in which a totalitarism government controls all . The main character , Winston , is not set up to be a likeable , hopeful , hero-type protagonist , but rather , is created in the image of all men . He loses hope , attempts to fight the system with small rebellion of his own , and fails miserably , as anyone would under the circumstances . His affair with a woman is the subject of censure in many reviews of this book , but again , it was not set up to portray a loving , human relationship , but to serve as irony in it 's most bitter form . When love , honor , compassion , and other words of that calibure are erased from the human vocabulary , you have 1984 . And Orwell 's vision may serve as the correct one . People today lose their humanity with alarming swiftness , and we are faced with the simple choice Winston must make
 Someone gave me a used copy of this book when I was very young , and it sat on my bookshelf for many years before I read it . Although I found its `` science fiction '' setting to be engaging , it was n't until my later years as an adult in the U.S. that I began to appreciate Orwell 's foresight into the political future of our country.I am sure it would be controversial to conclude that we are now living under the watchful eye of Big Brother , but having read this book , I consistently do a `` double-take '' when I observe the evolving cultural and legal climate in our country . Our mainstream media may not admit that the `` thought police '' exist , but thanks to Orwell , I find myself always looking over my shoulder !
 Wow . This book was very disturbing and depressing . It is also a literary masterpiece that deserves it 's status as a classic . Orwell 's vision of a future totalitarian state sent shivers up my spine . Imagine a society where every ounce of individuality has been eradicated . There is no room for love of anything or anyone except `` Big Brother '' and `` The Party . '' There are `` telescreens '' everywhere that monitor your actions and pick up the slightest deviation from `` orthodoxy . '' Vocabulary is constantly being diminished in order to eliminate excess thinking . A suspicious facial expression is sufficient to have the thought police kicking down your door and dragging you away in the middle of the night . This is the frightening future world that George Orwell foresaw in the future of western civilization . Although the book is a work of fiction , many proclaim Orwell as a prophet . They argue that we are indeed heading toward this type of society . Whether this is true or not is debatable , but one thing is certain , ' 1984 ' is a true classic of western literature .
 i have read this book over and over . it never bores meno matter what stage of life i am at the book reflects the times we live inpoliticians never change and always practice the art of deception.people seem to become more and more like sheep blindly following authority.if you have the above sentiments you will enjoy this book immensely
 1984 is the chilling story of a world in which the actions , thoughts , and even emotions of every person are controlled by the government . It is also the story of one man 's fight to maintain his freedom in the face of totalitarianism . Through this book , George Orwell depicts , in horrifying detail , a world that is becoming increasingly similar to our own.The book follows a man named Winston Smith , a resident of Oceania , which is a huge country under the power of Ingsoc -LRB- English Socialism -RRB- , commonly known as `` the Party . '' In Oceania , the Party has the ability to monitor everyone at every time , so that not even one 's own thoughts are private.Winston seems to be the only person alive who -LRB- secretly -RRB- hates the Party and longs for its demise . He alone believes in truth , in external reality ; everyone else is content to let the Party dictate reality . And dictate it does
 1984 is an amazing cautionary tale of what happens when the government runs amok and squelches the very people it is supposed to represent . As with any symbolic tale , readers will allow The Party - and its figurehead , Big Brother - to embody whatever agency or institution they deem oppressive , although it should not be lost that the political philosophy of 1984 , or `` INGSOC , '' is a paraphrase of `` English Socialism . '' Orwell , like Ayn Rand , foresaw the bleakness of a socialism approaching its purest form , and recognized how society becomes much blander and grayer with regulation and equal rationing for everyone.For everyone , that is , except for those in charge , such as the antagonist O'Brien and the Brotherhood . The Inner Party members purposely created a caste system under the auspices of caring for those who are less fortunate or intelligent , while in reality systematically ensuring that the rich and powerful stayed that way , without threat of the lower classes revolting . The Inner Party learned from history that those in power rarely stay that way , and eventually get knocked off their pedestal by the leaner , hungrier classes below them . By creating artificial scenarios of constant war , Thought Police , and imprisoning work conditions that held no promise of improving societal conditions , the Outer Party members and `` Proles '' -LRB- from proleteriat -RRB- would always remain too tired and intimidated to rail against their surroundings . The primary aim of modern warfare , for instance , was to use up the products of the machine without raising the general standard of living.Politics aside , 1984 is a compelling action story , and I was surprised at the many racy , sexy , violent , and terrifying scenes therein , all of which kept me spellbound . Though the future predictions of Big Brother had not materialized by 1984 , or -LRB- arguably -RRB- even now , this story 's plot or action sequences are not one bit dated . Protagonist Winston Smith , and eventually his love interest Julia , is involved in a true rage against the machine that immediately engages the reader and summons both interest and sympathy . Surprises abound , and I had no idea until the story 's end as to whether Smith would conquer the system , or end up being convinced that 2 +2 = 5 . There are far too many fascinating aspects of this book to list . For one , the concept of memory eradication , and whether or not something really did happen if there is no proof to be found of its occurrence . Oceania , homeland to Winston Smith , was alternately at war with either Eastasia or Eurasia , and as soon as the enemy changed , any proof of having battled the other was immediately banished . In fact , Winston worked in the Ministry of Truth , where he and his coworkers spent their days erasing -LRB- e.g. , burning papers or rewriting newspaper columns for the archives -RRB- any proof of events whose existence contravened the present philosophy - this way , -LRB- a rewritten -RRB- history would show that Big Brother never got his facts or predictions wrong.The book 's language is amazing - clearly Orwell envisioned not only an entire dictionary 's worth of new words , but a revolutionary new approach to speech as a device to control the thoughts of the speaker . The elimination of words which hold secondary meanings , and/or which convey independent thought , engenders a world in which people are incapable of - or not aware of the possibility of - treasonous thoughts -LRB- `` thoughtcrimes '' -RRB- , let alone acts . `` Doublethink '' is the act of consciously denying reality , and making oneself believe wholeheartedly Big Brother 's fictions .
 I can see why this is a classic . A very original tale , quite spooky . I really enjoyed it . It was interesting to read this in 2012 , I can see that a lot of the writer 's predictions about the future have come true , which is scary !! It may not be as overt as the book , but overall I think this is a worthwhile read and an eye-opener !
 Powerful imagination of Orwell shines in this stounding novel . Through out the novel , you reach for some shred of hope , some inspiration to hold on to . You will NOT get any . What is depressing about this book , is that it is acutally not all fiction . It is really happening in our world in some degree in a country or another . I actually had nightmares about Orwell 's 1984 's world during the time I was reading this book . Then I read Animal Farm and it reminded me so much of what happened to many countries after revolution . It seemed that he had predicted the whole ordeal . I am so depressed reading these two novels back to back . I may have to order a silly shallow love story to forget about real life tragedies for a while !!!!
 1984 is as real and frightening now as it was in 1948 , 1984 or any other time period . The difference is it was mostly conceived as a political story originally but has now become terrifyingly accurate and real in a high-tech world of government and corporate surveillance . Privacy is a major concern now when in the 1980s it was hardly given any mention or great concern . 1984 is about a government worker -LRB- Winston -RRB- who enjoys his job but starts to have suspicions about what is really going on in the world . The government severely restricts individual freedom , religion , choice of partner -LRB- procreation is not particularly encouraged -RRB- , choice at all , movement and occupation . Winston starts to slip up and slip into the dark side . He knows he will get caught but can not help himself . Yet Winston dreams the proletariats will rise up to defeat Big Brother . Is there some force in us which can not be defeated ? It is a powerful work that everyone can relate to . George Orwell has been blatantly copied by scores of book and film writers for over 50 years . Read the original for yourself and be amazed . Is the idea of 24-hour a day surveillance , `` hall passes '' , spying , control , restriction and propaganda that far off ? All in the `` good intentions '' of protecting us .
 A classic story that is well told and pushes the reader to consider elements from the book that are in evidence in today 's culture .
 Much easier to read than expected.I was sceptical that a classic like this would be out of date and boring , not the case at all very good book .
 I read this book 50 years ago and decided I needed to renew my acquaintance with &#34; 1984 &#34; . I think it is apropos because the UN is considering a non-binding regulation of the internet and the prevalence of spying on citizens in many countries of the world , even in democratic countries . Consider Vic Toeves , Canada 's Public Safety Minister , proposed bill C-30 which would have given the police and security officials more power to monitor internet and phone communication . I fully agree with the necessity to investigate crimes and particularly child pornography which is rampant on the internet , however the tools used to accomplish this monitoring must be very specific and not intrude on the majority of Canadians.Orwell , I think , hit the nail on the head . He had no idea of the technological advances of the 1990s and 2000s but he certainly knew the human mind . If you have not read 1984 give it a try .
 This should be required reading for all students by the time they finish High school . Of course by the time they graduate from one of our fine public schools the point will likely be lost on them .
 At first this book was not a book that I wanted to read , It was assigned to me as an English project I.S.U -LRB- Independent Study Unit -RRB- so like every kid in high school I started to dread it . As I started to read though , the story started to get better and better . There were points where I just wanted to continue reading and not put it down . The story is very well written , it gives you a very good idea as to what a Dystopian world could potentially look like . Although at the beginning it does start out very slow , it is a very good read.If you read this book and enjoyed it , also take a look at `` Brave New World '' by Aldous Huxley . It is quite similar to `` 1984 ''
 Everyone should read this book . It has a lot to teach us about today 's society . I love George Orwell ! -LRB- :
 This book , which is really a science faction , as opposed to a science fiction book , is most disturbing . Orwell 's main theme in this book is that the aim of any dictatorship is to bore it 's citizens to death and thereby suppress thought.Any form of excitement is thwarted by the Junior Anti-Sex League ,24 hour interactive television and repetitive labour.Orwell seems to be saying that without imagination , there can be no freedom.Still , despite the lack of a clear plot , this is the best dystopian book I have ever read .
 The way Orwell suck you into the book is one of the most effective ways I 've experienced . His metaphysical imagination of the last decade is frightening and mind-blowing at the same time . It makes us think of the world in the book , and inevitably compare it with ours . 1984 stands as one of my all-time favourite . And to the 15-year-old reader from USA who said that it 's mundane , I have a word of advice for you . If you ca n't imbibe the message in the book , then you 're just immature . Mind you , I 'm 16 .
 First , I wan na say that this book is above anything else you will read during your lifetime . It is more inspiring than the scripture , and for many , more useful -LRB- no offense -RRB- . When I finished reading 1984 in my freshman year of college , I was completely depressed , devastated , yet infinitely enlightened . 1984 is not fiction by any standard ; the techniques used by the totalitarian governments in the novel resemble those of today 's Third World countries very much that you would think Orwell was a real prophet , or maybe just the mentor ? Anyway , I come from a country with a totalitarian regime , and 1984 was like a slap on the face and a wake-up call
 I believe that this book shows a great struggle between being an individual and being a follower of an unknown power . And it shows the horror of living in a totalitarian world .
 Orwell has come as close to scripture as possible in this chilling , surreal , astounding book . For those of you who believe that power can be benign , just read this book , and you will NEVER fully trust any power structure again .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is not only the best book he wrote , but also without any doubt the best apocalyptical novel ever written and probably also the best book written in the 20ieth century , that is the most important one . George Orwell once wrote that if one was to summarize his complete work , or find one topic in all of his books , novels , essays and short stories , it would be his fight against totalitarian systems . So 1984 was n't only the last book he ever wrote , but also his impressive final work on the topic that had influenced all his work . Why is it so genius ? Mainly because it is a universal work . Of course it describes perfectly well real totalitarian systems that existed , like Stalin 's or Hitler 's , and it is basically a book against totalitarian systems , but it is also more . It describes a society , but also the minds of the people living in it , it describes the way mankind could be , it is a universal book about human evil . Ideas like doublethink or newspeak seem frightening familiar to us , we know the trends that lead to what has become out of society in 1984 . The probably most shocking thing about 1984 is that it is perfectly realistic and logical in its structure . It is a perfect dictatorship , with High Tech and omniposcient . The main difference between the system in 1984 and , for example , Hitler 's dictatorship is that the government in 1984 can do something no other dictatorship in reality ever could
 Stephen Bradley
 Orwell wrote about his own time , 1948 . He found the reality of what was going on so disturbing that he refused to acknowledge this time
 Orwell 's portrayal of a distopic future is extremely powerful . Perhaps what makes it so gripping is the haunting plausability of it all - you 'd like to think `` this is a book , it 's fiction , '' but it could all too easily come true . As a college student , this has had far more impact on my beliefs than any textbook or lecture . If you 've read and enjoyed Huxley 's `` A Brave New World '' -LRB- also very good -RRB- , you 'll like this one , too !
 Orwell 's unbeleivably captivating and horrific view of a totalitarian society never fails to make a reader reflect upon the riddles of our society . The story of a grand experiment , a utopia gone horribly wrong , '84 has never been as potent , or as frightening , as it is now , as we approach an ever higher level of understanding through technology . The novel revolves around Winston Smith , a typical Party member torn between his personality , his emotion , and the omniprescence of Big Brother and his thought police . Constantly trying to stay as far as possible from the party 's cruel influence , Winston learns of the truth behind the propaganda , and learns how the incredible power came upon the first leaders of the party . By controlling thought , the party has become intangible , and undefeatable . From the first sentance to the last four horrifying words , 1984 is a novel to be reckoned with , and one that is difficult to recover from . WAR IS PEACE . FREEDOM IS SLAVERY . IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH .
 Eric Arthur Blair was an important English writer that you probably already know by the pseudonym of George Orwell . He wrote quite a few books , but many believe that his more influential ones were `` Animal farm '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- and `` 1984 '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . In those two books he conveyed , metaphorically and not always obviously , what Soviet Russia meant to him.I would like to make some comments about the second book , `` 1984 '' . That book was written near his death , when he was suffering from tuberculosis , what might have had a lot to do with the gloominess that is one of the essential characteristics of `` 1984 '' . The story is set in London , in a nightmarish 1984 that for Orwell might well have been a possibility , writting as he was many years before that date . Or maybe , he was just trying to warn his contemporaries of the dangers of not opposing the Soviet threat , a threat that involved a new way of life that was in conflict with all that the English held dear.Orwell tried to depict a totalitarian state , where the truth did n't exist as such , but was merely what the `` Big Brother '' said it was . Freedom was only total obedience to the Party , and love an alien concept , unless it was love for the Party . The story is told from the point of view of Winston Smith , a functionary of the Ministry of Truth whose work involved the `` correction '' of all records each time the `` Big Brother '' decided that the truth had changed . The Party slogan said that `` Who controls the past controls the future
 George Orwell 's final novel , 1984 , was written amidst the anti-communist hysteria of the cold war . But unlike Orwell 's other famous political satire , Animal Farm , this novel is filled with bleak cynicism and grim pessimism about the human race . When it was written , 1984 stood as a warning against the dangerous probabilities of communism . And now today , after communism has crumbled with the Berlin Wall ; 1984 has come back to tell us a tale of mass media , data mining , and their harrowing consequences.It 's 1984 in London , a city in the new &uuml;berstate of Oceania , which contains what was once England , Western Europe and North America . Our hero , Winston Smith works in the Ministry of Truth altering documents that contradict current government statements and opinions . Winston begins to remember the past that he has worked so hard to destroy , and turns against The Party . Even Winston 's quiet , practically undetectable form of anarchism is dangerous in a world filled with thought police and the omnipresent two-way telescreen . He fears his inevitable capture and punishment , but feels no compulsion to change his ways.Winston 's dismal observations about human nature are accompanied by the hope that good will triumph over evil ; a hope that Orwell does not appear to share . The people of Oceania are in the process of stripping down the English language to its bones . Creating Newspeak , which Orwell uses only for examples and ideas which exist only in the novel . The integration of Newspeak into the conversation of the book . One of the new words created is doublethink , the act of believing that two conflicting realities exist . Such as when Winston sees a photograph of a non-person , but must reason that that person does not , nor ever has , existed.The inspiration for Winston 's work , may have come from Russia . Where Stalin 's right-hand man , Trotzky was erased from all tangible records after his dissention from the party . And the fear of telescreens harks back to the days when Stasi bugs were hooked to every bedpost , phone line and light bulb in Eastern Europe.His reference to Hitler Youth , the Junior Spies , which trains children to keep an eye out for thought criminals - even if they are their parents ; provides evidence for Orwell 's continuing presence in pop culture . `` Where men ca n't walk , or freely talk , And sons turn their fathers in . '' is a line from U2 's 1993 song titled `` The Wanderer '' . Orwell assumes that we will pick up on these political allusions . But the average grade 11 student will probably only have a vague understanding of these due to lack of knowledge . It is even less likely that they will pick up on the universality of these happenings , like the fact that people still `` disappear '' without a trace every day in Latin America.Overall , however , the book could not have been better written . Orwell has created characters and events that are scarily realistic . Winston 's narration brings the reader inside his head , and sympathetic with the cause of the would-be-rebels . There are no clear answers in the book , and it 's often the reader who has to decide what to believe . But despite a slightly unresolved plot , the book serves its purpose . Orwell wrote this book to raise questions ; and the sort of questions he raised have no easy answer . This aspect can make the novel somewhat of a disappointment for someone in search of a light read . But anyone prepared to not just read , but think about a novel , will get a lot out of 1984.1984 , is not a novel for the faint of heart , it is a gruesome , saddening portrait of humanity , with it 's pitfalls garishly highlighted . Its historic importance has never been underestimated ; and it 's reemergence as a political warning for the 21st century makes it deserving of a second look . Winston 's world of paranoia and inconsistent realities is an eloquently worded account of a future we thought we buried in our past ; but in truth may be waiting just around the corner .
 George Orwell 's classic was incredibly visionary . It is hardly fathomable that this book was written in 1948 . Things that we take for granted today - cameras everywhere we go , phones being tapped , bodies being scanned for weapons remotely - all of these things were described in graphic detail in Orwell 's book.Now that we have the Internet and people spying on other people w / webcams and people purposely setting up their own webcams to let others `` anonymously '' watch them , you can see how this culture can develop into the Orwellian future described in `` 1984 . `` If you 've heard such phrases as `` Big Brother , '' `` Newspeak , '' and `` thought crime '' and wondered where these phrases came from , they came from this incredible , vivid and disturbing book.Winston Smith , the main character of the book is a vibrant , thinking man hiding within the plain mindless behavior he has to go through each day to not be considered a thought criminal . Everything is politically correct , children defy their parents -LRB- and are encouraged by the government to do so -RRB- and everyone pays constant allegiance to `` Big Brother '' - the government that watches everyone and knows what everyone is doing at all times - watching you shower , watching you having sex , watching you eat , watching you go to the bathroom and ultimately watching you die.This is a must-read for everyone .
 Here is the book that first got me thinking about politics and philosophy.This is Orwell 's dystopia of how he feared the world would become run by a group of cahooting despots by 1984 . The main character , Winston Smith , lives in London in a dictatoeship run by `` big brother '' . In this state there is no love but love for big brother . There is no excitment but patriotism . Chocolate is rationed and orgasms are banned . In this world smith somehow manages to fall in love . . and that 's just the start of his problems .1984 warns us to be wary of those who might take our freedom whilst trying to convince us we are actually gaining extra liberty . Buy it .
 Six years ago I was in a bookshop and on the shelf I saw a copy of George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' . I had often heard people mention this novel on TV in political discussions and so on without really knowing what they mea n't . Out of curiosity I decided to buy the book and see what it was like . I quite enjoyed it , and later that year we had to read it for Year 12 English . What I found interesting were the reactions of the other kids . Some liked it , others found it boring , uneventful or irrelevant . I remember one boy saying
 For as long as I live I will always remember the day I finished `` 1984 , '' the first time I read it , while seated in the back of my high school trigonometry class . Inconsolable , I gazed over the last five words - completely devastated - and sobbed uncontrollably.In the ten or more times I have reread it since , I was no less shocked and shattered by the book 's conclusion . Ostensibly a cautionary tale about a midlevel bureaucrat assigned to help reduce the number of words in the dictionary , `` 1984 '' is the tragic story of Winston Smith , a freethinking , middle aged man , who through glimmers of a childhood memories and clandestine visits to `` prole '' neighborhoods -LRB- newspeak for poor -RRB- , radically tries to reconcile life in a totalitarian nanny state.With the omnipresent hum of the tele-screen always present , Winston is the perfect party patsy , saluting the authorities and seething with anger at the daily `` two minutes hate '' that secretly leave our hero wondering who is the Emmanuel M. Goldstein , the object of the government 's loathing.When despite medical problems too gruesome to recount and enough secret spies to fill a Le Carre novel , Winston Smith conjures up enough optimism to pursue a romantic relationship with Julia , `` 1984 '' takes on a frightening turn . A devoted -LRB- or maybe not -RRB- ? member of the Junior Anti-Sex League , whose signature emblem is the form-fitting sash that hugs seductively around her waistline , Julia is perhaps not the refuge Winston seeks . Or is she?Without destroying the truly devastating ending , I would wholeheartedly recommend 1984 to anyone who is interested in politics , language , romance and government.Yes , you may be left devastated by the book 's last five words , but you will certainly be left with more to think about than drying your tears . - Regina McMenamin
 Most people read 1984 when in high school ; it 's an accessible classic , with plenty of shock interest as well as literary value . I 'm reviewing 1984 here for those who may already have read it . The overall theme of oppression and the fear of totalitarianism is well known ; but there are underlying themes that are interesting reading indeed.For example , the excerpts of `` the Book '' , purported to have been written by the underground resistance under Goldstein -LRB- or by the Party itself , if we are to believe O'Brian -RRB- is a mouthpiece for his social philosophy . In the fragment of three chapters , the ruling class , middle class and proletariat class -LRB- high , middle , low -RRB- are pitted in an eternal cycle where the high seek to exlude all others , the middle to achieve high status , and the low to simple create havoc and complete upheaval . Take a look if you have n't read this part of the book carefully . It 's mighty interesting.Winston 's relationship to O'Brian is also fascinating ; the enigmatic O'Brian , Inner Party member and intellectual , has a fatal attraction for Winston -- even more so than his passive affair with Julia . And when O'Brian breaks him in the Ministry of Truth , it is as much a surrender of love as it is a brainwashing . The interaction of Winston Smith and his persecutor is a uniquely written relationship.If you have n't re-read 1984 in a while , and especially if you read it when you were young , it 's a great book to revisit .
 This is one of those classics that I never got around to reading while in high school -LRB- it was required , but I just did n't read it ;-RRB- ... At the request of a colleague I picked this book up last year and was blown away by point of the book . In the chaotic and unclear times we live in , I recommend this book to anyone and everyone who wants to understand what the point of the elite is and what the point of government is . Everything is about control and power ... AND KEEPING IT . We live in the novel 1984 ... and that 's scary . Should be required reading for all Americans .
 Reading it in high school did n't have the impact it was supposed to . Like most classics they are n't appreciated until later in life . For me that came in 1994 . This classic is about government interference in our lives . It is a jab at the soviet system then , under Stalin . It was easy to draw parallels between the ever-increasing politically correct language and the language that kept evolving in `` 1984 . '' New words like `` herstory '' instead of history seemed absurd . I too felt that government and society were encroaching on my privacy and freedom of speech gradually.The irony is that `` 1984 '' does not have to be about the political left ; it can also be about the political right . Our present government is spying on us in violation of the law . People who challenge our government are called traitors . New phrases of `` flip-flop , '' and `` cut and run '' are used by politicians to increase social and political pressure . These are new words and phrases that keep evolving just like the language evolves in `` 1984 . '' Our government repeatedly makes statements to keep its citizens in a state of fear . Americans can now be locked up as enemy combatants without due process.This is what makes this book such a classic and so timeless . The ink , paper and pen are replaced by the keyboard . The screen is replaced by the one you 're are looking at right now.Are we going to end up like Winston and be tortured ? May I have some victory gin please ?
 I liked 1984 . It was a terrificly entertaining book to read , so much so , I could hardly put it down , it is scary how a story like this could easily become a reality .
 BRAVO ! This is my all-time favorite book . Its wonderfully intriguing and sophisticated plot sparks intelligent thought , reexamination of our society , and serves as a warning for our future . This book should be on the `` Human Required Reading List '' anyway becasue of the every day references to Big Brother and other common analogies . Be prepared to be amazed by the power of the mind !
 I feel as though I should be shouting all the cheesy cliches
 The key to really grasping Orwell 's `` Negative Utopia '' is to get an idea of where he was writing from . Note that the power of the Orwellian totalitarianism stems completely from punishment and fear of such . This seems reasonable considering that Orwell had just witnessed the `` glory '' of the Nazi dictatorship and the birth of Stalinism . However , such a society still creates a certain level of discontent .
 I 'm rating 1984 a 10 , since it 's pretty apparent that the book has indeed stood the test of time to become a twentieth century classic.But people growing up today - particularly since the fall of the Soviet bloc - may have a hard time understanding what Orwell was writing about . At the time the book was written , the Soviet show trials were still in the news , and Orwell - a lifelong socialist who still distrusted most socialists - saw in the Soviet trials what could happen to England . 1984 was then written as a warning to the British of what Orwell felt their world was coming to.Today 's readers should keep in mind that the world Orwell warned about was not a fantasy world , but aside from the techology of the Telescreen , very much a real picture of the Soviet Union of the 30s . When government officials start talking about controlling the Internet , and restricting communication between people , or wanting to hold onto everyone 's encryption keys , think of 1984 .
 de este libro me hab&igrave;an hablado bastante , por lo cual me decid&igrave; a leerelo , y desde esta modesta opinion lo considero uno de los cl&aacute;sicos de la literatura universal.Por lo cual muy recomendable .
 Someone wrote that 1984 shows us how the world would be like if the governments obtained complete power over the populace . But HOW is this power obtained ? As citizens in democratic -LRB- ? -RRB- nations we have a duty to work for democracy around the world and to see to that all aspects of democracy are maintained . If we fail , the nightmare of 1984 can turn into reality.Orwell 's 1984 really makes one think . The novel stays on your mind , and hopefully it will never go away.How would I react as a citizen of a totalitarian state?Would I have the guts to stand up for democracy and human rights , knowing that it could get me killed?Even if 1984 is a nightmare , small parts of it become reality every day , throughout the world.So maybe George Orwell 's great novel is n't just a warning?And hey , look out for Newspeak !
 Though I consider this book a masterpiece I personally like `` Animal Farm '' better . The ending of 1984 is fantastic . . shocking and all around genius ... but before reaching that climax , one is exposed to a long and dreary relationship that is based more on hate of their surrounding then actual love . I wish Orwill had paid just a little more attention to the characters . They could have made the book go by a little faster . then again he was a conceptual writer and never really paid much attention to his charactes . Its the message that counts not the content ... and the message is a warning about big government presented by BB himself .
 `` Under the spreading chestnut tree I sold you and you sold me
 This is perhaps the best book I have ever read , it 's basically a book that 's against the government becoming too watchful over it 's people , it 's about how society functions in a state were there is no democracy , were there is a totalitarian government , that wo n't admit , and a place were `` Big Brother '' is always watching you , where you 're deepest darkest most private fears are known by all , and used against you , most of all this book is about the evils of communism , drawing symbolism between Big Brother and one of the most tyrannical and oppresive leaders of all time , Josef Stalin , this is a great book and I recommend it for everyone to read
 Having just read BRAVE NEW WORLD and some other books for school , I can honestly say that 1984 by Orwell is the scariest , deepest , most interesting , and undoubtedly the best book I 've ever read , with the possible exception of BARK OF THE DOGWOOD . When I started it , I could n't put it down . When I finished it , I could n't pick it up for fear of paranoia . Even now , after I 've finally somewhat gotten over it , there are still some nights I ca n't sleep thinking about this unbelievably incredible book . It 's ten times scarier than any Stephen King novel , and it 's at least as deep , if not deeper , than anything written by Poe or Shakespeare . This book should undoubtedly be a requirement for anyone in the entire world living under any form of government . The story takes place in 1984 , but it could be set in 2084 and not much would change . There is absolutely nothing I 've ever read which even comes close to projecting the kind of heavy , depressing , absolute fear which utterly consumes the reader and stays with them forever . Of course I would recommend this book , but I must warn that it ca n't be treated lightly . It will send you to the edge of paranoia , and throw you into a smothering kind of depression . This is not a book you will soon forget , and it 's not a book you can read without questioning everything you think and believe . You 'll never hear the phrase `` Big Brother is watching you '' again , without chills going down you 're spine , and fear filling every corner of your being . You must also read LORD OF THE FLIES for another chilling portrait of society gone wrong .
 This books is a classic ! It is very visionary and rightly predicts some societal trends towards totalitarianism . It is highly pessimistic , so do n't expect a happy ending !!!! I disbelieve the claims that this book is written against religion . In the book , the Ruling Party , which is viewed negatively , is against religion -- as we would define it . I find it much more probable to take the simple interpretation -- it is written against political totalitarianism . Sure , atheists might like to have a good book like 1984 to trump their cause , but this book can not be understood properly within its literal/historical context without realizing that it strongly eludes to Soviet-style Communism and political totalitarianism in general .
 I first read this book in high school but never really appreciated it till just recently . With the passage of the Homeland Security Bill , I thought I 'd better refresh my memory of this book . And this book is scarier than any Stephen King book ~ ~ it 's scary because our future has arrived . With Big Brother watching our every move ... The book is a reflection upon past times as well as the future ~ ~ it 's a history of mankind . It is about power . It is about control ~ ~ one man over another . It is about power through total submission ~ ~ submersion of the self . It is not about the greater good of life or mankind . It is man at its very worst . Orwell took a deep look into despair and wrote bluntly about it . The surface of it is Big Brother watching every move you make ~ ~ till you get into the book and realize there is much more at sake . And it 's so well-written . No matter that I wanted to put the book down and ignore it , I could n't . I had to read it to the last page . And it 's the scariest book I have ever read.1-9-03
 I 've recently finished reading Nineteen Eighty-Four , and it has to be one of the best books I 've ever read . It 's about the life of Winston Smith , who lives in a alternate future , where the world is ruled by power-hungry socialists who control every aspect of people 's lives , right down to their very thoughts.Winston believes that he remembers a happier time before the revolution , when people were free , wars could be won , and laws dictated governments . He decides to rebel against the system , despite the threat of being killed , by starting a journal.This is definitely one of the best books I 've ever read . It offers insights not only into the possibility of a horrible future , but also into a confusing present . An example of this is how the book introduces the idea of `` doublethink , '' a practice where a person holds two contradictory beliefs at once , and can still believe both . Orwell leads us to believe that this is but an evil communist idea , but in fact , he is satirizing the propaganda of our own `` free world . `` All in all , I immensely enjoyed what is undoubtedly the author 's biggest masterpiece , and would instantly recommend it to just about anyone .
 Not for the faint of heart , this book grips you and wo n't let go . Although written in the 40s -LRB- ? -RRB- , Orwell 's message of the horrors of what might happen under a socialist government has not staled through the years . I had always heard the phrase `` Big Brother is watching you '' , but never understood all that those simple words entailed until I cracked this one open for a read . What I found was an experience very hard to forget . The description of Winston 's world is surprisingly vivid , and one can almost feel the `` telescreens '' silently watching your every move . The torture scenes and mind games the O'Brien brings along about a third of the way in are nothing if not chilling . And then there 's the abrupt and haunting ending ... I 'm not ashamed to say that when I finished I hurled this book across the room in anger , much to the surprise of my family . A classic that I hope will stay on reading lists for years to come , this book should be required reading for all those who considered themselves `` educated '' . Pick it up . You wo n't regret it .
 No amount of positive reviewing will do justice to the importance and beauty of this book - you have to read if for yourself . What I really want to review are the reviews of some reviewers from Wstern countries . They like the book , but their reviews are of the kind ` This is a book about a hypothetical totalitarian dictatorshp , ... , etc. ' What is wrong , is the word ` hypothetical ' This book could have been titled ` Bits of the History of the Communist World -LRB- albeit a little allegorical -RRB- ' I do n't know what people born in the West understand in this book . Not much perhaps . The very fact that Orwell is the ONLY Westerner I know of to have written an accurate description -LRB- though a bit allegorical -RRB- of communism in practice , suggests that most Westerners could n't understand what was happening in the communist world . I suggest that they read it for what it is
 When reading this book , one is dragged through the emotions of love , hate , betrayal , despair , and utter , unabashed rage . This novel tells a story of negative utopia in which the government knows all and sees all . The citizens are worthless except as workers . Winston and Julia go through a secret love affair despite better judgement . The use of allegory for socialism is impressive . Many parallels , obvious and subtle , can be drawn between the two . The story is enthralling and the book is hard to put down.The reader may feel safe from the situation in this book , but it is not impossible . Of course , 1984 has come and gone , but we must realize that such situations are possible . That is why this book deserves 5 stars . 1984 uses exaggeration to prove a point . Freedom and capitalism are definately worth the drawbacks . We see that if we give the government our freedom , we will eventually become slaves to the government.Orwell was brilliant in this work . We are forewarned . Everyone should read this book -LRB- at least once -RRB- and try to take a lesson from it .
 I read this book 5 years ago for an English book report . I 've never been able to forget it . It 's the haunting account of Winston Smith , an employee of the Ministry of Truth who has n't forgotten the past , and who wants to change the future.However , Big Brother is watching him . Try as he might , our hero is trapped in a totalitarian world where he faces extermination if he wants to think as an individual and question the government.Published in 1949 during the Cold War , Orwell puts a spin on communism and totalitarianism that to this day makes my blood run cold . I shutter at the thought of our world ever becoming like Oceania , even in the slighest bit.Highly recommended book for the whole world to read . Let 's hope we never come to this .
 This book has , quite literally , changed my life . After reading it , my outlook on life is completely different . This book opened up my mind to the importance of the individual in society and the true evils of totalitarianism -LRB- when done incorrectly -RRB- . This is scarier than any `` horror '' book ever written , because almost all of it is possible -LRB- and much of it has already happened -RRB- . A true masterpiece , this should be required reading for every human being on the planet .
 Many of us use Orwell 's book for our own purposes , to forward our own ideas and political positions . Even though Orwell was speaking quite specifically about a particular socialist experiment , communism , and a particularly horrible totalitarian gulag-state - Stalin 's Soviet Union - his book has such a universal scope that it can be squeezed and pushed and pulled about until it can be made to fit almost any political system anywhere . In this way great works are often de-constructed to make them useful to whomever wants to make a point.A lot of us here are likening the world of Orwell 's `` 1984 '' to current life in the U.S. . While there are definitely elements of this overreaching intrusion into our private lives today in the United States , be aware of how much farther down that road so many other countries have already gone -LRB- and down which we are very unlikely to go -RRB- . Start with the Islamic nations where the Mullahs exort the masses to their Two Minutes Of Hate towards us every Friday in the mosques . In Britain , under a Labour Government , right now , there are not only surveillance cameras - called CCTV cameras - on virtually every corner in the cities , they are now beginning to install microphones as well -LRB- http://portal.telegraph.co.uk/global/main.jhtml?xml=/global/2005/05/04/nmic04.xml -RRB- starting in the council flats . They directly say it is to monitor `` anti-social '' behavior . This is the insidious beginnings of `` 1984 . '' Well past what we are enduring and in the very country from which Orwell sprang and from which our own ideas of civil liberties originated.In all the world 's dictatorships , from Cuba to North Korea to virtually all the Arab states , there is one version or another of the Thought Police . They may be religious police as they are in Iran and Saudi Arabia . They may be undercover military police as they are in North Korea . They may just be your neighbors , as they were in Mao 's China -LRB- and for all we know , still are to some extent , at least -RRB- . But in all these places the horror of Orwell 's vision is much more advanced than in the U.S. People actually are killed . In Iraq there are still 275,000 `` disappeards , '' people who simply ceased to exist under the brutal totalitarian regime of Saddam Hussein , himself a great admirer of Stalin . -LRB- I did n't make that number up , btw , Amnesty International did -RRB- If you want more proof , just ask a Palestinian homosexual about what constitutes `` anti-social behavior '' in the Territories . Actually , if you want to ask a Palestinian homosexual that question you will have to go to Tel Aviv because that is where they all live . Palestinian gays are either dead , in prison , or in Israel.We might be well advised to also be aware that in many other places in the world the true reality of 1984 's dystopic vision has been in place for decades , and citizens continue to suffer real torture , imprisonment , and death for things which Americans take for granted as being protected under our Constitution . Yes , there are some egregious violations that are going on here under the guise of the Patriot Act , but they are constantly under fire from our own legal system and from private NGOs and civil liberties watchdogs . Imagine having these kinds of groups in , say , Burma
 At the mention of 1984 , critics will prostrate worshipping Orwell 's mastery of metaphors , readers will rejoice at his clarity , and soothsayer 's will marvel at his prescience . 1984 has even spawned new english words like `` doublethink '' and `` newspeak '' . And along with capri pants , it seems in fashion to like 1984 . This praise is not meritless and Orwell did indite a great book ; however , it did n't grab me the way other books have . For me a good beginning makes me stick with a book , and this is something 1984 lacks . The beginning is ponderous and confusing , and I debated giving up on the book numerous times , but I remembered all the adulatory reviews and decided to stick with it . I am glad I did because the story picks up and still maintains its themes . The beginning did tarnish my view of 1984 a little though and I was still cynical of the praise it receive ; after my cynicism disperesed I realized the book did deserve the praise -- if the reader can bear the beginning .
 Take a look at the media of today , they only let one view out . This is a prophetic book . American society is already well on it 's way with almost no turning back !! There is already propaganda everywhere . On television , everywhere ... . The television has become the one truth . It stops thought and feeds lies and incomplete and twisted facts ... Always question authority , and think for yourself !! do n't let the media think for you ... they lie ... ALOT!Orwell was a prophet , I tell you ...
 I found `` 1984 '' to be Orwell 's finest novel as many others have . The problem that most readers have with the book is that they consider it `` too boring '' and `` lacking in action '' . What they are missing is that the main point of this book is n't to provide violence and action , of which it has it 's fair share , but instead to entice us to think about the human mind , our existance , the way we govern ourselves , the power struggle , and most of all our limitations as human beings . When one really examines this book and ponders its philosphies , to me , makes it exciting and interesting . This is my second favorite book after `` A Clockwork Orange '' by Burgess , which I also highly recommend . No piece of literature is for everyone but I do suggest `` 1984 '' as a book that will appeal to the masses and help people change their attitude and feelings towards the world in hopes that they might change this planet and prevent any such scenario provided in this book from actually happening .
 As a sophomore in highschool , I read this book as a requirement as outside reading . I could n't put it down ! The concepts it talked about kept me thinking for hours , and I still think about them now ! Since then , I have read the book two more times , and still find new topics to discuss about government , privacy , and social orders . If you like literature , history , and society , you must read this book !
 I would recommend this book to a reader who is looking for a highly intelligent story . 1984 invisions a future where superpower governments oppress the masses , killing off individual thought . Constantly watched by cameras , people living in these superpowers are essentialy slaves . The story is gripping and well written . 1984 is very similar to Brave New World , these two `` utopias '' are both trying to eradicate individuality . Brave New World tries to smother the individual with material pleasures , whereas 1984 uses oppression and false truths to achieve these ends . The books focus on characters who rebel against these governments . Their struggle for individuality ends in disaster , but their struggles provide an interesting insight into the human soul .
 I first read this novel in 1983 as part of a British lit class in high school . I have never recovered from the hammer blows it delivered -- it is devastatingly thought provoking and eerily haunting . I have re-read this novel many times over the years , and still stand in awe of its power . I am thankful that this novel was required reading in my high school !
 Being an avid reader and lover of great literature , 1984 was an advious choice for a good read . Orwell 's gripping realism captivated me in the first chapater and held my attention untill the last three words . Not only did I find the plot captivating , but Orwell 's voice spoke straight to me.The strong political theme does n't override the call to every one for a better world . Any one who reads this book and take from it the message Orwell sends , would understand why it is a classic . A fan of classic literature or high thrill novels will enjoy this page turner .
 Of the two great Dystopian novels , -LRB- Brave New World being the other -RRB- this one is my favorite . It is a story of a man dealing with his own thoughts about freedom versus oppression , and also an analysis of how Communism has gone bad -LRB- dictatorships -RRB- and where it could potentially take us . But how different is Oceania from our own society ? Think of all the surveillance cameras you see and the idea of hate crime -LRB- which invades the thoughts of people , to find what they were thinking -RRB- . 1984 is prophetic about China and the Soviet Union yet , it also tells something about America and our `` freedom '' , showing us that no government is going to give you true freedom . The beginning and end of the book are the best parts , the middle is a little weaker , due to the development of a love story -LRB- I am still iffy on whether or not the love story part of this book actually harms the book at all -RRB- . Anyway , it is a great book for anyone and it is highly recommended .
 The novel is written beautifully , and it makes a bold statement about humanity ... The government has developed its own language , is at constant war with the other two superstates , and watches its citizens at all times . Each superstate has an identical government , one that is at perpetual war in order to gain complete power over its citizens . The process used to gain absolute power is one used by past , present , and future dictators , such as Stalin , Mussolini and Hitler . The nation manipulates its citizens into convenient modes of thinking . However , instead of only using propaganda techniques , they also use Newspeak and telescreens . Newspeak is the official language of Oceania , and has its sole purpose in abolishing all independent thought . This is done by drastic reduction of vocabulary , by getting rid of unnecessary words and synonyms . -LRB- Example
 I live in the UK , a place where the world depicted in 1984 are slowly turning from fiction to fact . Newspeak is being introduced by the government . And in the aftermath of a recent inquiry , children are being encouraged to grass on their parents for untoward language . 1984 was not just a novel but a prophecy of a totalitarian society facist or communist , we do n't know exactly what , but both are as bad as each other , this book is a warning of extremism turning into barbarity an an assault on the basic liberties of man , that is freedom of thought , speech and activity , if any of those are compromised , even in the pursuit of a `` better '' society , then there has been a breach of liberty . As Vladimir Putin said last week , `` It is your right and a duty to dream '' .
 I just want to say that if you have not read this book yet theirs something the matter with you . GO TO THE NEAREST BOOK STORE AND BY `` 1984 '' now .
 This was originaly a paper I wrote for an English class , but I think it covers the bases fairly well : George Orwell 's 1984 spins a gripping tale of corruption , lies , and fear . In a less than modern utopian society called `` Oceania '' rebellion is brewing . A man named Winston Smith finds the strength within himself to challenge the local governmental institution and its leader known only as `` Big Brother '' . Through the manipulation of information and history Big Brother commands a death grip on the people who he convinces to `` love '' him . The people are constantly reminded that `` BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU '' -LRB- Book 1 , Ch . 1 pg . 3 -RRB- . Such control in a society can only lead to one thing
 `` We shall meet in the Place where there is no Darkness '' , whispers the Monster.And he means it.What is it about this little nugget of grue and cold , calculating horror by the English Socialist writer Eric Blair -- immortalized to high school students throughout the Anglophonic world as George Orwell -- that so captures the imagination , so fires the nerves?Well -- it 's the lack of Freedom , you might say.But what is Freedom ? The freedom to love who you want , unproscribed by the dictates and whims of the Party?Your freedom to do that , my friend , is already circumscribed by narrow geography , by the randomness of your birth
 Ok , I have never been much of a reader . I recently decided to get back into reading . I 'm glad I picked this book because I loved it . I have always been very interested in politics and propaganda . There were more than a few times during my read that I noticed similarities to our current political climate . Sometimes the instances of similarity were absolutely uncanny . One of the similarities I found most intriguing was the use of hate as a means of control . I believe this technique is being used today in our society . HATE = PATRIOTISM
 `` WAR IS PEACE . FREEDOM IS SLAVERY . IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . `` So goes the slogan of the Party , the oppressive totalitarian regime depicted in George Orwell 's nightmarish and depressing vision of the future circa 1984 . Enter Winston Smith , our tortured protagonist , who spends his days rewriting the past to coincide with the present and his nights scrawling rebellious thoughts into an illegally kept diary . The increasingly desperate Smith longs to escape a world in which all thoughts are controlled -LRB- courtesy of `` Big Brother '' , the ever-watching leader of Oceania who may or may not exist -RRB- and concepts such as individuality , passion , and love are unheard of . Winston finds his solace in Julia , an eccentric and free-thinking woman who shares his angst . They soon become revolutionaries by having a love affair and taking walks in the countryside . Together , the two join a resistance force known only as The Brotherhood , dedicating their lives to the destruction of the Party . However , Winston and Julia soon discover that the eyes of Big Brother are not so easily blinded.Reading 1984 , I was literally chilled by how accurately the novel parallels both our current times and the probable future . Not once did I doubt the credibility of Orwell 's predictions ; the police state he creates is utterly believable from introduction to conclusion . The author unflinchingly illustrates true evil and cruelty , and the entire book emanates a sense of helplessness and despair . Eric Arthur Blair -LRB- `` George Orwell '' was , in fact , merely a pseudonym -RRB- saw a world in which all traces of humanity have been stripped away , and the majority of the population is composed of automatons devoid of the will to think . It is this world that we will be seeing decades from now unless vigilance is kept . With freedom comes responsibility , and we can not sit idly by as our rights are taken away from us.In fact , we may already be seeing this type of society in many facets of our culture , albeit on a much subtler level than in this work . Orwell 's masterpiece has often - and logically so - been used as a political tool by the left wing . Numerous are the uncomfortable similarities to the world we are now living in . `` WAR IS PEACE , '' etc. can easily be made to spell out the Bush Administration 's philosophy . The telescreens installed in every civilian 's home - used for surveillance and propagandizing - prompt the reader to reflect upon our own major news sources , all owned by large corporations with agendas of their own and vast ability to `` alter '' the truth . The Party 's license to spy on anyone and everyone with no justification is terrifyingly reminiscent of the Homeland Security Act passed by Congress in 2003 . It all gives you a fresh appreciation of your ability to analyze what you 're told and discern lies from fact.I would recommend this novel to anyone who treasures freedom and needs a reminder of what we could become if our guard is let down . Orwell was a political prophet , a seer , and the consequences of ignoring his warnings could be very dire indeed . To any Republicans reading this review -LRB- hopefully the previous paragraph did n't alienate you -RRB- , please do n't regard this as a `` liberal '' novel . 1984 is much more than an anti-Bush clich&eacute; . The book 's themes are universal , and all proponents of liberty and justice can appreciate it .
 Winston Smith is a middle aged man livin in the superstate of Oceania . There are three superstates , Oceania , Eastasia , and Eurasia . They all have almost the same type of economy . Also their always at war witheach other . The year is 1984 and Big brother and the thought police are always watching you through their telescreens which are located in almost every corner . You ca n't even think something against the party or else you 'll commit a thoughtcrime . There are three types of people in the scoiety , proles , lowest , outer party , middle , and inner party highest . The superstate of Oceania is run by four sections , Ministry of truth , Ministry of peace , Ministry of plenty , and Ministry of love . Winston smith is part of the outer party . He has a harsh feeling of hatred towards big brother . He starts to write a journal , which is a thought crime and SHOWS HIS HARSH HATRED FOR bIG bROTHER . He hears of a underground organization which tries to bring down this system od unjust . Men and women are not allowed to marry unless the show no affection for each other . Winston was once married . Winston starts to think a man he sees at work is against big brother . Winston starts being followed by a young girl . He soon found out from a note that she loves him . They start meeting each other every couple of weeks . Winston rents a room from a man named Mr. Charrington that was suppose to have no telescreen in it and was supposedly completely private . The girl Julia and winston start meeting there frequently . Soon O'brien approaches Winston and gives him his address . Winston and Julia go to his house together and tell him they want to be part of the brotherhood with Goldstein , the leader of this group against big brother . They join it but learn that they 'll never meet Goldstein and will die for the cause and do anything except split apart . O'brien tells Julia and winston says they must read a BOOK on the brotherhood by Goldstein . When Julia and Winston meet again in the room from Mr. Charrington to read the book they are caught by a telescreen which was hidden behind a picture and they find out Mr. Charrington was not who they thought he was . The thought police surround them . Winston and Julia are taken away and kept in cells . Will they be sent to room 101 , executed , or will someone arrive that Winston knows ? To find out read this book . I felt this book was awesome and scary . I 'd reccomend it to everyone . I could n't imagine being in a world where history kept being changed and people could be arrested for thinking things . Hopefully our world never turns out to be like this .
 I hate to say it , but anyone who would try to give this book a bad review because `` no books are better than others '' or because `` Orwell 's sole purpose for writing this novel was to encourage anarchy , and to convince his readers to be subordinate to authority '' -LRB- does he mean to insubordinate ? -RRB- is either two years old or ought to be . You have to be remarkably stupid to shake off this book for any such reasons . This is a great piece of literature and philosophy , and everything that everyone said about it 's pertaining to today is absolutely true . If you are debating in the slightest reading this book , trust me , it 's worth it . Just fantastic . Anyone who gave it under a four is flat out wrong . ESSENTIAL reading .
 As with Animal Farm -LRB- by the same author -RRB- , there is much to learn from this book.What makes this book scary is how easily it could become reality . As you read this book , you must realize that in order to avoid becoming what this book portrays , we need to fight the system now . Because , as Winston learns , once the system is in place it is practically impossible to destroy it . Keep this book in mind while our government makes specific policies ... especially while we lose our freedoms and rights of privacy in the name of safety , fairness , and prosperity.And what amazes me -LRB- but would n't surprise me -RRB- is how much the people love what they have ; not knowing what they have lost . It is amazing how government can set your mind at ease with the right propaganda . A perfect example was how the government was saying how it had exceeded its prediction in the production of boots -LRB- which was actually a lie -RRB- and one of its citizens commented on how well they had done in supplying the needs of the people . In the same breath he asked if Winston had any razorblades , which had become very scarce in the recent weeks.And even scarier , it shows how easy it is for the government to twist -LRB- spin -RRB- our language and use it against us . For instance , in the book we see the Ministry of Love , which is used to torture free thinkers and those who would disagree with Big Brother . We see the Ministry of Truth , which is nothing more than spreading lies on the wealth of the nation and its citizens . So on and so forth . What is especially incredible about this book is the detail of the language that George Orwell went into , while creating a new language called Ensoc -LRB- English Socialism -RRB- . This book shows all of this ... and more . It is the model of what any country should NOT become . There is a lot to learn from this visionary book . You can instantly take a lot out of this book . Read it and take a look around you and you will be surprised and how quickly our society is heading in this direction . Fight this trend before you , yes you , fall in love with Big Brother .
 Just as Edmund Burke , during the French Revolution , predicted the subsequent horrors of Robespierre 's Reign of Terror , so did George Orwell brilliantly foreshadow the nightmarish life that was ubiquitous under the rule of 20th Century totalitarian states . In 1984 , the main character , Winston Smith , struggles to gain personal freedom of mind under the Big Brother government that has taken over London , England and the rest of Europe . The constant chatter of the `` telescreens '' -LRB- written before the days of TV -RRB- and other mediums of propaganda are virtually inescapable in this frightening world . Orwell 's monotone -LRB- but vivid -RRB- narrative demonstrates his genius because it makes the scene so much scarier , yet all the more realistic to the reader as well . The novel races up to the climax , before its conclusion with an ending -LRB- and final line -RRB- that is among the most famous of any from the 20th Century . If you 've never read 1984 and only heard it referenced , you need to read it because you may be surprised to see how similar its terms are to life in the modern , `` free '' world . At the same time , you will see why it is ranked among 20th Century classics as well .
 Bonnie Ryder Mercy High School Students Mindy Sheehan Humankind has not been deliberately questioning its government for the past seventeen years , or fifty - two years , but , however , since the beginning of time . 1984 by George Orwell simply expresses the fears and anxieties felt by all people towards their government . At all times , society must worry whether government is too large and controlling or too small and unproductive . In 1984 , however , the government is extremely small in how many have power but extremely large and authoritarian in its pervasive domination while actively and purposely promoting unproductivity . After reading this book together , my friend and I have a better understanding of how government can grow so large and bleed the soul out of a society . Yes , we can learn about factual historical events but by reading the extreme we have a better understanding of the norm . For instance , how much of today 's media is censored and controlled ? What information am I not getting ? Fifty - two years ago when Orwell first published this book , the United States government had still not apologized for its treatment of Japanese Americans during WW II . It still denied that it had done anything wrong . Their actions were for the good of the country . The U.S.A. would never stoop to the same level as the Germans did with their interred -LRB- or would we -RRB- . Orwell should have felt lucky to live in such an honorable time in history under the motherly wing of all - mighty protective , militaristic of the United States government . Even today history books very rarely even mention this portion of US history . All hail the mighty and glorious past , but do not forget ; whoever controls the present controls the past , whoever controls the past controls the future . Again we ask , what of the past has been changed for us ? What do we not know ? Is Big Brother still watching ? 1984 is appropriate for mature Juniors in high school and older . To read the book , one must have patience because most of it is a narrative . Despite the groaning , whining complaints which often accompany the news that a book is a narrative , the personal intimate thoughts are essential to the book . The reader must know how deeply the vein of ignorance runs . The reader must experience the complete metamorphosis which Winston , the main character , undertakes and his personal opinions about his surroundings . How much of our daily lives is spent thinking only to ourselves and analyzing personal thoughts and actions ? Because Orwell wanted to create a realistic man , he needed to have intimate thoughts which the reader must understand in order to understand his actions . How many times do we wish that the world could just read our mind to understand us ? The reader can not be bored with the book if he reads every sentence with a grain of salt and tries to fully envelop himself into Orwell 's world .
 This book was absolutely impressive -LRB- or in Newspeak-Doubleplusgood -RRB- ! It was unfortunate that I was n't able to read this novel in high school when most people should . After reading it in my free time , I was absolutely astounded . This book has been challenged all around the world for its controversial content . It is especially important for those who are capable of reading this book to do so . It sheds light on the importance of freedom of thought , freedom of expression , and freedom of being human . As long as this book is around , humans will understand the importance of freedom.Zachary B. MedinaAuthor of Decador
 What could I possibly say about 1984 that has n't already been said ? Perhaps only how the concept of doublethink chilled me to the marrow : `` The power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one 's mind simultaneously , and accepting both of them ... To tell deliberate lies while genuinely believing in them , to forget any fact that has become inconvenient , and then , when it becomes necessary again , to draw it back from oblivion for just as long as it is needed , to deny the existence of objective reality ... `` Reality is the vast majority of truly successful horror .
 1984 was a great book talking about the dangers of authoritarian governments finally learning from pas failures . The main character Winston tells of his life living and rebelling in himself of this authoritarian government . The country of Oceania is trapped in a never ending state of war though in reality no battles are ever fought . The book deals with Winston trying to learn about a past realizing the past he has learned from the party never really existed . Winston himself has helped the party change the past . The party looks for unique ways to steal away freedoms by using things such as doublethink -LRB- the act of forgetting a past reality once it immediately changes -RRB- which lead them to get their population to believe in things such as 2 +2 = 4 . Winston also seeks an escape from the party forming a secret love affair with a girl named Julia . Together they try to escape the party . They are able to show how difficult or impossible escape really is . This book may have been an alternate reality with the year 1984 having passed many years ago , but the danger warns about reflect some elements of today 's society . I also feel it 's a really good read .
 Humans , regardless of free will , can all fall victim to dangerous obedience . 1984 by George Orwell is set in a dystopian United Kingdom , now deemed Oceania . A lawless party rules over with a cult of personality consisting of an elusive , all-knowing -LRB- due to the Thought Police and ever-present devices called telescreens -RRB- figure known as Big Brother -- or as some fondly address as , BB . This novel shocks with its possibilities . George Orwell demonstrates a theoretical but very plausible type of society that can occur when authority gains excessive control and its people prefer ` blissful ' ignorance as seen through Winston 's characterization and the conformity in the people around him.Winston Smith is a lowly ranked party member himself ; however , Orwell writes the novel from a perspective where his private identity is shown . He begins off with starting his own diary . From the beginning , the reader is taken aback -- literacy seems to be dangerous and Newspeak , which is far cries from the articulate language today , dominates . Reading and schooling seems to be not as prioritized in this society and even if present , is altered and maintained by party interests . I enjoyed this novel because it demonstrated the common idea that humans without proper education , fall victim to ignorant or blind obedience to authoritative figures . Even in early scenes in the novel , Orwell describes Winston as falling in step to the animal-like behavior of the people around him as they all hysterically scream over an infamous party traitor.I highly recommend this novel because of its nature as a classic ; although it takes some time to truly be able to dive into -LRB- I struggled to stay completely interested after the first two chapters -RRB- it sends a sharp , vital message that all individuals should be familiar with .
 Just to add my voice to the rest here . It 's hard to overstate the combination of message , artistry , and foresight in this book .
 In accordance with the dystopian theme of this book , it should be required reading . 1984 is my all time favorite book . The characters are powerful and the plot is disturbingly reflective of some of the challenges we face today . The entire text is littered with powerful messages such as ; `` war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength '' . Orwell creates a world in 1984 that speaks to us all on a visceral level . Peering into a possible future reminding us that the road to dystopia is long and paved with good intentions . Orwell is a literary genius . If I could convince someone to read only one book it would be this one . The themes expressed compel you to reflect on our own world and contemplate our own future . Please read this book you will not be disappointed ! If you read it and want more I 'd suggest Brave New World by A. Huxley as well . My 2nd all time favorite .
 You can remain ignorant or not , it 's your choice , but every single patriotic American should get this book and educate himself on what is happening right now in the year 2012 . I love sports and all the other modern day circuses as much as the next guy , but really you need to have as much passion for politics and knowing what the people in power are really doing instead of wasting all your attention and energy towards sports .
 I 'm no expert at analysis or writing reviews , but here goes.My attention span is short , and unless the story develops quickly , and gives me enough events to interest me I rarely give ample time for either to develop , I just move on . This is one case where I 'm glad I stuck it out . The beginning of this book was honestly a bit unbearable , I had gotten the picture and message of the main points -LRB- conditions , environment , authority figures , main character development -RRB- within the first 40 pages or so and everything after was just rehash after rehash ... But then , roughly half way through the book , it had gotten so interesting , so good , and so insightful , that if it had taken me three weeks to read the first half , it took me all of two days to finish the second half.The authors account of war and his `` counter view '' of the world he himself set up was flat out awesome . He cleverly delivered a thorough analysis of war and society through the guise of educating the lead character , and subsequently further demonstrated his points by breaking the main character . I 'm sure there are plenty of reviews before mine that do a much better analysis and description of the themes and techniques of the book , and why both were done extremely well , so if this review is meant to dive any one point home its to those with a short attention span.Give this a chance .
 While the subject of this story intrigued me it also really disturbed me at the same time . I think it was an important read . Big Brother , here we are . I wo n't say you 'll have fun from reading this book but I will say you will learn a thing or two about our world and where we are going .
 The condition of the book was very good . The text inside the book was even better . If you have not read Orwell 's 1984 , maybe you should . Just be careful where you read it , Big Brother is watching .
 All right , I do n't see there is anything new I can add to the endless list of reviews written on this thrilling , wonderful book . So , I will just make an attempt at scribbling some of my impressions.Orwell builds a world where no single detail is left to randomness . From all the constructions the reader comes across in this book , the most astonishing ones are , -LRB- of course this is a personal view -RRB- : The dynamics of time
 Eric Arthur Blair , under the pen name of George Orwell , wrote 1984 because of his concern of the spread of communism . It is a dark , gothic look at what society could become if the spectre of communism led to totalitarianism . Essentially , it is a more graphic and adult version of his Animal Farm , with people . It is told by a nameless narrator who knows all the goings-on in the world of the future , and follows the life of a middle-aged citizen of Oceania , Winston Smith , who is an employee in the Ministry of Truth . 1984 is not plot-driven , nor is it based on character development -LRB- these aspects are still present , however -RRB- . The primary focus of the book is the setting . We are given the world as it could have become in 1984 . Of course , we are not in a situation like that , but the threat of such a situation is still present . This differentiates it from other books , although there is never a reason to dislike or fear something new before trying it . Orwell believed it to be the most effective way to explain the world of 1984 , and I think it is effective . If the focus were on the characters or the plot , a high proportion of the messages would have to be interpreted , rather than explained in detail . Different interpretations could mean that certain events make no sense , and discussion would be difficult . Some people may have missed some meanings altogether . By explaining his ` apocalyptic ' vision of the future in complete detail , Orwell is able to get the entirety of his message to his readers . Orwell is a very articulate and imaginative writer . The world he depicts is divided into three world powers - Oceania , Eastasia and Eurasia . The Party controls Oceania , the setting of the novel . Big Brother -LRB- a parallel to Napoleon from Animal Farm , or Stalin in real life -RRB- is at the apex of the social pyramid . He is the father-figure worshipped by the citizens . The Inner Party comprises 2 % of the population , and the Outer Party 15 % . The remainder consists of the dumb masses , or ` proles ' . Any sign of unorthodoxy is dealt with swiftly and harshly by the Thought Police -LRB- a parallel to the dogs , the American secret service or Russian KGB -RRB- . The telescreens that are planted in the walls receive and transmit information simultaneously . The Thought Police use these to keep their citizens under surveillance . Children are turned against their own parents through the use of spy camps and worship of Big Brother . 1984 is partially a look at how easily children can be manipulated and what happens when it goes wrong . Ironically , the people with the least intelligence are given the highest degree of freedom . They do not pose a threat . The chances of an uprising are non-existent because the proles believe anything they are told , and do not take material facts into consideration . Three of the Party 's main slogans
 When I read this story , I was amazed . Though it 's written 50 years ago , you can find some things that really exist in our time . Maybe not as terrible but terrible enough . This story is a vision on the future . A future that may come sooner that we expect . I recommend this book to every book lover , this one you ca n't miss , and remember
 I ca n't say anything that probably has n't been said already . Orwell 's most famous novel warns us against the power of propaganda . `` Big Brother '' has become common to our language and culture.This is n't Blair 's best work , however . This and ANIMAL FARM are only really read because they warn against Communist propaganda . As mentioned in the beginning , Orwell was a social democrat -LRB- although , I would say libertarian socialist -RRB- . He greatly sympathized with the anarchist movement in Spain -LRB- Homage to Catalonia -RRB- . In fact , the communist attack against the anarchists is probably what inspired him to write stories like ANIMAl FARM and 1984 . I was disturbed to see a previous reviewer say something like , `` If this book is properly read and understood , you will become a Libertarian . `` Blair 's best stuff is actually against propaganda systems found in so-called democracies like the United States and Britian . The Soviets had an extensive system , but it was n't very effective . They kept people in line through violence , mostly . When the ability to coerece decreases -LRB- like in relatively free societies eg The United States -RRB- the need to propagandanize increases . This has really become apart of mainstream doctrine . To take a quote from someone not so mainstream , `` Propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship . '' -- Noam ChomskyIt should come as no surprise why Orwell 's most popular works are anti-communist ...
 Its after you complete the book that it will begin to effect you . You will start seeing the world around you with a different set of eyes . A must read .
 The problem with reviewing a book by that has been forced down people 's throuts all through their middle school , high school , and college careers is that people hate it for exactly that reason , they were forced to read it . I read this book as a senior in high school and I liked it , but I did n't love it . I have re-read it several times along with Animal Farm and many of his essays and I can saw without reservation that Orwell is the greatest political writer of all time , and one of the greatest writers of all time .1984 's plot is famous and it 's particulars have been expounded on numerous times so I wo n't bore the reader by repeating them . This novel was written in 1949 , after the fall of Totalitarianism in Europe and during the beginnings of the Cold War . Taken in historical persepective , this novel is really a satire about Stalinist Russia . Everything about Stalinist Russia 's gets the back of Orwell 's hand , the frequent purges where known citizens frequently just disapear , the crippling military regime where personal freedom and expression are crushed , and the overwhelming cult of personality where Stalin was worshipped ala Big Brother.Read only with this historical perspective in mind is still fruitful and interesting , but this novel still applies today to the government of the United States and other governments around the world . Though not as extreme by any stretch , the themes expressed in this novel are relevant today . Double Think is one of the best and most ingenious examples . Double Think is believing two contradictory ideas at one time . Basically it 's believing your own lie . Everyone knows that we went to war in Iraq for oil , but we say that it was for weapons of mass destruction , and then they never found them so it changed to we had to find Saddam and save the poor Iraqis and give them democracy . We know the real reason , but we believe the lie perpetrated by Bush 's regime for some reason . We do not want to rock the boat , or we want to support our leader or some other convuluted reasoning has lead us to believe our own lie.The Iraq example is also a good example of changing the past . The Bush administration changed the reason for going to war and most people did not bat an eyelash at it . Hell , we rewarded this blatant lie by re-electing him.Now for all the naysayers who say this could never happen and it 's portrait of an oppressive regime is unrealistic . I really do n't think his point was to make a completely realistic novel . But think , what good would it be if Orwell had written , `` well , the government was kind of bad , but not that bad , and I still got along all right . '' Pretty boring if you ask me . He uses extreme examples to get you to think , if he presented you with weak examples you would not remember them at all.And lastly , Orwell knew what he was talking about . Read his essays and you will see that he was an incredibly intellegent man who knew the in 's and out 's of Communism and the complex social issues discussed in 1984 . Read his collected essays and you can definitely chart the genesis of this novel . There is a 1 star review that claims Orwell knew nothing about Communism . I beg to differ . Orwell had a very lucid understanding of Communism , much more so than either you or I.So students , try to pretend this has n't been forced on you and you might enjoy it . For anyone else reading this , this novel is highly recommended for fans of classic literature and those wary of corruption .
 After you read this book , like me , you 'll probably wonder if this could become non-fiction . In most cases , I 'd say yes . That is why you should try and stay informed on the Orwellian things that are taking place in this country . I would recommend the work of Alex Jones at infowars.com for this purpose.This book will definitely make you think , on life , on liberty , on what is real and what is not , on manipulation , on governments , on politics . Strongly recommend .
 I loved the story . The only problem I found with the audio CD version was that the reader 's voice was very high pitched and I had to turn the trebble completely off to keep it from hurting my ears .
 This novel has changed my overall views on power , politics , economics and human nature to such an extent that I now look at my life in two parts
 War is peace . Freedom is slavery . Ignorance is strength.With these 3 contradictory statements , Orwell perfectly summarizes the inevitable end of all freedoms for mankind.I have read this masterpiece over 10 times and each time I glean some new thoughts on the pitfalls of living in what we affectionately call `` society . '' During my last three readings of this novel , I approached the book looking for parallels between Orwell 's 1984 and our 2002 . The first reading I approached it from the right wing perspective and was horrified at how large and intrusive the government has become over my short lifetime . The second reading , I approached from the leftist viewpoint and found myself frightened by the encroachments on civil liberties and personal freedoms over the past several decades . In my most recent reading , I approached it from a stateless viewpoint -LRB- read anarchist -RRB- and found myself mentally replacing Emmanuel Goldstein and the Brotherhood with Osama bin Laden and al Quaida -LRB- note
 Orwell 's 1984 was n't the first utopia/dystopia written , but it pretty much set the standard for all those that followed , and even for those that came first . Orwell wrote a novel warning us of what could happen if political power went unchecked , and his warning was especially to his contemporaries living in the post-war England . Orwell does a brilliant job of capturing the despair and dinginess of life in his 1984 . In fact he does it so well that if the reader is not careful the general mood of the novel could invavde the reader 's life -LRB- it did mine -RRB- . This book has been called one of the few masterpieces of modern literature . The third section especially so . Rarely have I read anything as great or powerful as part three of 1984 . The dangers that Orwell warns us of leap forth in this section -- the loss of free will and the total breaking of the human spirit , which we all would like to believe always survives . But it does n't .
 A great book a little scary with the idea ... that BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING ... although we always think of who wathing us in public the idea of being watched in work and in your house kinda brings an idea of the Nazi Gestapo back terrorizing you in your house and in public if they think your against the government body .
 A powerful political statement ... and a frightening glimse into a different world that might some day exist . 1984 is passed but the message grows stronger as it sinks farther into the past . You wo n't be able to put it down . As well written as Catcher In The Rye .
 This is perhaps one of the most difficult , and chilling books I have ever read . This book throws you into a possible future where people are name-less , and privacy is non-existant -LRB- sounds familiar somehow ... -RRB- If there is any book about utopia -LRB- or complete and utter oblivion in this case -RRB- you should read , it 's this one . A classic , and a highly remarkable read . It is also a good idea to read `` A Brave New World '' , that is , if you enjoy this book.All I 've got to say is this is a book that will leave you thinking forever . After reading it I questioned everything from provacy in our computer age ... to the meaning of life , and a host of things as well . In the end I was left with a rather profound feeling . All I can say is , read it , the rest is up to you ...
 this was an excellent book . the plot is great ; it has suspence , and lots of other good things like that .
 This book was nothing like I thought it was going to be . George Orwell saw how dim the world could be and he took it a step further into the future . The main character Winston Smith represents a world trying to reach for freedom and more than just a existence . He struggles with not conforming to Big Brother and in the end he fails . This book makes me think of what could have been but has not in America . I would recommend this book to anyone who needs another look at the freedom that we have .
 this is an amazing book . although it 's non-fiction , it almost scares you into beleiving that you 're living in their society . very thought-provoking , and very powerful . hard to believe that it was written so long ago .
 This novel was what first got me into Orwell . It is a frightening cautionary tale of what life could be like under a ruthless and nearly invincible totalitarian government . Those who enjoyed this will probably also enjoy `` Brave New World '' and `` Farenheit 451 . ''
 I believe that everyone should read this book . While being fiction most of the book is a political satire . The most similar book that I have read to it is actually Jihad Vs. McWorld . It is the first fiction book I have read that valued the importance of language and the `` Love impulse '' . This is seen even today in advertisements . The importance of the name Big Brother is that it is sononomus with the Christian Father and Son figure although not implicitly stated . Newspeak also culminates the impulse . In 1984 the characters follow the teachings of IngSoc , which by looking at it seems harmless but it a abreviation of English Socialism that can hold connotation 's in peoples mind . The same techniques are used in modern government and consumerism . The story is also compelling , and shows both a triumph and a failure of love under certains circumstances .
 This book is one of the most depressing and touching books I 've read . Try to read it during the summer , then at least you can cheer yourself up if it gets to be too much for you . If you 're not the sort of person who has feelings , then this wo n't be a problem .
 Having recently re-read this book at the age of 24 , I found that it rang true even more so than when I initially read it as a school text aged 13 . It may perhaps be the case that when I read 1984 I was less aware of the levels of surveillence in operation however , with the `` advance '' of technology it is certain that Big Brother is indeed watching much of what we do . With the recent launch -LRB- in the UK anyway -RRB- of interractive tv it makes one realise just how real the telescreen is . Perhaps received at the time of it 's publishing as paranoid rantings , these days the terrifying predictions are one by one becoming true-once a work of futuristic fiction this book could almost be used now as an urban survival guide . A beatiful and chilling read
 ... when people misinterpret 1984 as an anti-Commie book . Orwell WAS a member of the far-left earlier on in life , and 1984 is an anti-totalitarianism novel , a novel that attacks dictators and wannabe-dictators of the entire political spectrum . And it can still happen - look at the world today
 As one of the people writing about the book here said , it was not meant to incite paranoia , it was about the evils of paranoia . Also , he was a socialist , so I can not say that it was just propaganda . And do n't forget that Communism is n't dead . There are still a few Communist countries out there , not to mention the many dictatorships . As for the book itself , it was pretty good , once you get into it . I like reading about different worlds myself , so I liked this aspect of it . The characters were also pretty cool . The ending was depressing but very very good . It is still very relevant , but I would n't recommend it for action fans .
 Huxley predicts the growth curve of our civilization with shocking accuracy . The race toward consumerism and away from the biological imperative is real . Somehow , Huxley looked out into the mist of time and saw it . This book will make you wonder whether you really want to go there .
 1984 is truly a modern classic . It 's integration into modern political thought testifies to it 's importance in social awareness and the democratic system.And Sandra from Canada , small minded people who flame public speaking areas on the Internet should be banned . I thought spiteful remarks like that were n't allowed .
 Orwell does a fantastic job of showing the negative effects of a utopia . He shows how `` the party '' can take over everything . They can control you , and everyone can be the same . The individual person no longer exists . His realisism portrays true possibilities of what might occur . 2 thumbs up ! Go Lakers !
 I would reccomend this book to anyone , especially someone who is fed up with the `` fluff '' that they are having students read in high school . I read this book for my honors english class , and was surprised at it 's similiarities to the present state of some countries in the U.S.A. . If I could put in a section in the library under horror . How are Orwell 's telescreens that much different from the security cameras popping up on every main street corner and sometimes even in your office or home . With the way technology is people can listen to your phone calls and read your E-mails I would like somone to tell me how far we are from a totalitarian society . When I read this book I got chills . Maybe , as Winston is convinced at the end , 2 +2 = 5 and the idea that 2 +2 = 4 is ludicruous . The scariest part to me is that we could be wrong .
 I had 1984 ruined for me because I was FORCED to read it for school . Looking back , it is a truly great book . Like many of the enduring works of Science Fiction , its lasting popularity rests in the powerful archetpyes and metaphors it tapps into . Big Brother , The Two-Minutes Hate , Room 101 are all here . What 's scary is how some of this seems to be coming true - but Big Brother is n't so much the government as it is Corporations . Just try getting away from a viewscreen nowadays . Also , we watch the TV , but the TV also watches US . Advertisers , the Internet , and MTV control us more thoroughly than the Government could ever hope to espire to . Instead of telling us `` We are at war with East Asia . We have ALWAYS been at war with East Asia ! '' they tell us what our values are , what music we listen to , what movies we watch , etc. `` We listen to Britney Spears ! We have ALWAYS listened to Britney Spears . '' Orwell would 've been so proud .
 I first read Orwell 's masterpiece for seventh grade summer reading in 1983 -LRB- got in right under the gun ! -RRB- . It remains one of the key books of my intellectual development . 1984 was the first book to get me to think about the importance of the freedom of the individual , the dangers of mob psychology and the evils of totalitarianism.Winston Smith is a member of the Party , as is everyone else who is n't a `` prole , '' and like everyone else , he lives `` from birth to death under the eye of the Thought Police . '' Orwell builds up a gray and chilling world where `` no emotion was pure , because everything was mixed up with fear and hatred . `` This is what Orwell imagined in 1949 would be the logical extension of communism . And look where we are , fully sixteen years after the year 1984 , with the video camera technology that can do effectively the same thing as the Party 's telescreens . Imagine life with a TV that could watch you while you watched it -- a TV that could bellow at you to do your calisthenics in the morning or face arrest ! That 's what Big Brother is all about , the absolute lack of privacy to enforce the absolute conformity of action and thought -- something to contemplate before tuning in one of those cheesy `` real-life '' TV-ratings-grabbers . In Orwell 's 1984 , there was nothing to laugh about.Orwell 's writing style is intentionally as stark as the world he creates . The narrator does a lot of telling as well as showing , but this does not slow the pace . I heartily recommend 1984 for anyone over eleven who appreciates his or her freedom and individuality . You may appreciate it far more once you have finished this book .
 This book has changed my vision of natural human nature . I have found many events and characteristics of the Party to be preshadowings of organizations I see everyday . It also showed me how an evil administration can distroy a love that was so strong . This book is scary and too real .
 As a teenager I lumped Nineteen Eighty-Four together with Animal Farm . I mistakenly thought the two books were thematically similar except that Nineteen Eighty-Four was longer and featured people instead of pigs . Frankly , I did n't like the book too much . Now , fifteen years later , I have reread Nineteen Eighty-Four and now I greatly appreciate it . It 's a thought provoking book that easily deserves five stars . It is too bad that so many misconceptions regarding the book are taught to high school students . No wonder that I did n't like it ; I did n't understand it . Nineteen Eighty-Four is not a satire of Soviet communism -LRB- that 's Animal Farm -RRB- , nor is it a cautionary tale of government power , nor a prediction of the future . Nineteen Eighty-Four belongs to the genre of speculative fiction . It is a dystopian `` what if '' story.Orwell had witnessed a dramatic upheaval in the fortunes of the world 's empires . The greatest empire the world has ever known , the British Empire , lay in ruins . Germany had been on the brink of total dominion over Europe but was nonetheless defeated . The Japanese Empire had stretched across the Pacific but it too was dramatically defeated . In time all empires must die . Or must they ? What if there was an empire that could endure all calamities , wars , internal unrest , trials , and tribulations , and exist unchanged forever?Orwell 's achievement in Nineteen Eighty-Four is that he conceived just such an empire
 Did you know that one could be sentenced to up to 5 years of prison for possessing this book in the Soviet Union ? The distribution of `` 1984 '' was forbidden in Soviet Russia until 1988 , until then people had been distributing the book underground , copying it by hand , translating it in secret and getting turned over to the authorities by their friends and neighbors . Because that 's what communism does , it brings out the worse in people.I was born and grew up in Communist Russia , and even though I was born too late to see the ugliest side of it I still know my history and am able to draw parallels.I had the strongest feeling of D&eacute;j&agrave; vu during the 2008 presidential election in the USA , the way people swallowed the `` Distribute the wealth '' slogan , expecting the government to solve their problems and make everybody `` equal '' ... it made me ill.Can ' t people ever learn from history ?
 Eric A Blair did us all a favor back in1948-49 when he wrote this politicalnovel about future tyranical society.Followed by Animal Farm , another winner.Most of what Orwell predicted has/will -LRB- but I hope not -RRB- come true . Only our Con-stitution can stop it , if Mr. and Mrs.America would/will wake up !
 If I were to give this book the review it deserved I 'd be here for a week and Amazon would have to split off a new website just to handle the size . So I 'll just say this ... 1984 is beyond important , it is a masterpiece of relevance no matter the year you read it in . If you are being forced to read this book , do n't worry . Do n't be intimidated . This is one very weird , very scary , and very entertaining book . Orwell is a master at setting the creepy tone of a world without freedom , where you know that everything you do is scrutinized by unseen eyes . Yes there 's definitely a strong message that is coming across . Look a little closer at the story and you 'll find a potent argument against Communism , Fascism , Totalinarianism , and many more political - isms . I ca n't promote this book enough . It is timeless . It is horrifying . And it is real . And please forgive a total stranger for offering advice , but if you have n't read it yet , you need to .
 This thought provoking classic continues to be relevant in today 's society , despite the fact that the year 1984 has come and gone . The notion of Big Brother has become a part of everday speech , which I fear is leading to this term becoming clich&eacute;d . Read the book , and you will see what the term implies . The world of trumped up wars , constant surveillance , and historical editing is frighteningly mirrored by that of our own .
 This review is for the unabridged audio book version read by Frank Muller . Just the fact that Muller is reading this book makes it worth listening to . But I encourage you to listen even if you read the book before . I read 1984 when I was in high school 30 years ago . I thought it was funny to read about the future predictions as we approached the end of the 1970 's . I just finished listening to the audio version , and I now have a better appreciation for the true intent of the work . Orwell was not trying to predict the future . He was trying to show us the pitfalls of certain ways of thinking , of the dangers of taking the human drive for power to its logical conclusion . This is more a picture into the human soul than a prediction . In addition , listening to this work opened my eyes to the influence Orwell has had on more contemporary works , such as the movie The Matrix . Read it . You 'll be glad you did .
 In one of my post-grad classes , a fellow student chided me for not having read `` 1984 '' despite having been an English major once upon a time . I soon remedied the situation and devoured this chilling classic . Big Brother and the Patriot Act share remarkable similarities -LRB- forgive me for stating the obvious -RRB- . I thought Winston 's requitted attraction and love for Julia very sweet -- but of course , Big Brother tortures and disfigures the lovers out of their feelings.The human intellect evolves into `` quacking '' for communication . An interesting take on how regressed we can become if we are not careful of the public policy and ideology of elected officials . However , I really hope and believe that despite how bad things can get , we will never regress to that extent -- but a brilliant and thought-provoking cautionary tale , nonetheless .
 My title says it all . I was completely immersed in this novel and enjoyed reading it . It was a fast read , and much more interesting than some of Orwell 's other works such as Animal Farm.It 's a rather unusual novel because it 's made to be futuristic and a novel in the genre of science fiction . However , it takes place more than 20 years ago in 1984 . If you can get over that fact it 's a great book with jawdropping changes in plot and interesting characters .
 Imagine a society where the government -LRB- Big Brother -RRB- is always watching you-invasive , inevitable , inescapable . Such is Oceania . It is a society in which your innermost thoughts are monitored and punishable by death . There is no love or affection , and there is no such thing as friendship . The only suitable emotion is hatred , aimed at exactly whom Big Brother dictates . Individuality is a capital offense . Existing for your own pleasure will get you killed.Oceania controls the present , the past , and the future . Reality is what Big Brother says is reality . 2 + 2 = 5 , if Big Brother so dictates . If you protest that 2 + 2 = 4 , and the government finds out , this thoughtcrime will result in your death.Winston , the main character in 1984 , dares to believe 2 + 2 = 4 . To discover what happens in the life of this rebel , who lives in a society that is intolerant of rebellion , read 1984 . This book , set in such a chilling dystopia , will horrify and thrill your heart and mind .
 This by now legendary work gave us the concepts doublespeak , thoughtcrime and Big Brother . It is the most important fictional work envisioning a totalitarian future , and warning against it . At the same time it is not a very convincing or moving fiction . Orwell had a one - dimensional quality in his creation of character , and it is very difficult to identify closely with or feel deeply about his characters in this work.Yet now that ' 1984 ' has come and gone without the disaster Orwell predicted it still holds our attention as one possible nightmare human future . As importantly it makes its own forceful statement against the kind of controlled , closed - minded world the Soviets , the Nazis , and now the Islamic Radical Fundamentalists would have us be imprisoned in .
 1984 by George Orwell is an excellent novel that displays the possible horrors of a ` utopian government ' . The novel takes place in London , a large city in Oceania . The main character is Winston , and he is able to see the lies of The Party , which rules the nation.Throughout history , Oceania has been at war with either Eastasia or Eurasia . The Party uses censorship to revise history to make look as if Oceania has been at war with Eurasia and allied with Eastasia , or vice versa . Winston is employed by The Party and his job is to change these past records.Along with censorship , The Party uses techniques like newspeak and doublethink to control the masses . Newspeak is an effort by the government to create a very simple language that is dull and not descriptive . This ` lean ' language is designed to minimize the brain use of Oceanians . Doublethink is another effort of The Party to control Oceanians . Doublethink is a technique taught by The Party that requires people to believe things that they know are not true . For instance , a citizen may know for a fact that Oceania was at war with Eastasia only a few years ago , even though The Party insists that Oceania is an ally of Eastasia and always has been.Winston begins to question the greatness of The Party when he sees how blindly some people can follow the party . This really struck Winston one day during the ` two minutes hate ' , in which The Party shows enemies of Oceania on the telescreen , and all of the Oceanian citizens scream at the person on the screen . Winston is bothered by this , and gains a deep desire to ` bring down Big Brother ' . This book is an excellent read for people of all ages , and can show the dangers of government intervention into personal life .
 1984 is a brilliant book , written in a cold , indifferent air . It 's never slow . You never lose interest . In fact , you 'll get mad when you have to put it down . Even during the most mundane things in the protagonist 's life -LRB- like coming home from work and watching TV -RRB- it never loses suspense . Lots of political satire ; makes for a good debate when through . If only books were still written like this , more people would have a reason to read .
 When I first read this novel I liked it but thought that it could have been better . I think much of my thining was caused by Brave New World . But the more research I did into this work and Blair himself lead me to believe that he was right-on . The type of totalitarianism that he was addressing were despotic . I found it odd though that Blair seemed to demonstrate the Marxist system in such a bad light . But it seems that if one looks at his commentary in the light in which it was written one sees that he was not addressing Marxism but Bolshevism -LRB- or Sovietism -RRB- and Nazism . These were not the happy pleasant dystoipias that one finds in Huxley . Also the issues that Blair was addressing were different from those that are normally thought of , especially in the cse of Huxley . Blair is addressing humanity and the abstracts that go with it while Huxley is looking at aspects of Western culture -LRB- e.g. drugs , technology , education and higherarchical class structure -RRB- . It 's true that many of the same issues are dealt with in both works but Huxley still comes to happier conclusions , disturbing as they may be . The reason for this seems to be that Huxley 's world was the precursor to Blair 's . The war had not yet begun . The socialist experiments in Germany and the Soviet Union had not yet failed . The Spanish revolution had not yet begun . While the world was not perfect it was much easier to be ignorant about the many evils of the world and assume that the only ills that the world could bring were held in the deterioration that over-indulgance would yield . While both are accurate Blair had a lot more information to work with .
 This book in one word is shocking . Not necessarily shocking in the sense that it 's shockingly bad , but the point it conveys , the powerful frightening messages it contains , and the warning it has on modern-day civilization is shocking ; It 's too `` apocalyptic '' to believe , yet it shows that if our world continues to gradually decline , that this may very well be our future . So in that sense this book is great . It is powerful , well-written , and easily a classic that should be passed down from generation to generation.A word of caution , however ; this book is not a light , fun read to quickly skim over . It is a book to dwell on , to study , and to learn from.So , with that said , read this book and see into the frightening reality of 1984 .
 The world of George Orwell 's 1984 is a dirty world that is filled with equally dirty people . This filth is both external and internal . There is scarcely a page in which Orwell does not describe the run-down condition that is Oceania . Grime seems to cover each wall and window . Elevators break . Nearly all moving devices need continual repair . The only device that is guaranteed to work is the ubiquitous telescreen . The characters are the human equivalent of their eroding technology . Almost everyone is fat , gross , balding , or otherwise plain ugly . Winston Smith , the hero , is described in terms that make the reader wonder why his lover , Julia , fell in love with him . It is this preoccupation with grubbiness that serves as a subtext to point out that the world of Oceania is the inevitable result when the beauty of individuality is removed and the uncaring and life-denying collective psychology of the state is substituted . When the only ones in a society who seek to celebrate their independence of mind and body can do so knowing full well that their discovery is certain , then their relationship takes on a significance that is worth the terrible cost . For most of the book , Winston and Julia tap dance around each other before finding out that each is not alone . When they couple sexually , their orgasm is a political statement . The next logical step is to find others like themselves . They believe that Winston 's boss , O'Brien , is a kindred soul who is also a member of the secret brotherhood . He gives them a book to read which explains the principles by which the group 's members live . Ironically , to become a member of this group dictates that both Winston and Julia must merge into the group 's collective consciousness more thoroughly than demanded by Big Brother for his group , the symbol of the party that governs Oceania . Their relation is detected nearly at once , but the party allows them to continue until it decides to arrest them . O'Brien is really a traitor to the probably non-existent brotherhood , and it is he who interrogates both Winston and Julia . O'Brien is described as an aging but still vigorous torturer . In fact , he uses his wrinkled face as a metaphor for the futility of Winston to seek to enhance his own psychological life by engaging in forbidden love . Winston is thoroughly beaten , humiliated , broken . His de-evolution from Thinking Man to Orthodox Man is both rapid and irreversible . As he stares into the mirror , O'Brien tells him that if Winston believes himself to be the last free thinking man on earth , then the wreck that stares back at him merely punctuates the party claim that the individual counts not at all in the political scheme of things . When Winston acknowledges that he now loves Big Brother , the reader can see that this love is not the love of emotion but one of indoctrinated and inculcated values , and thus not worthy of the term ` love ' at all . The tragic irony is that the reader can see this even if Winston Smith can not .
 I read this book in an honors lit class in 9th grade and was surprised to find that it was not a suspended book at my high school yet -LRB- and at the same time I was glad it was n't -RRB- . Now I am a Junoir and able to fully apprieciate the well written polital novel . As I recall , it is about a man named Winston and is based in the furture where the government was nearly in complete control over a person and their thoughts . This place is Oceana which is located in London and at war or allienced with East Asia and Eurasia -LRB- Winston is the only one who knows the truth to this and is therefore especially watched closely as he contains top secreate information from the `` Truth Ministry '' -RRB- . Big Brother is the politacal party that controls London and the secrete police is basically it 's secrete weapon to reading the peoples thoughts and killing them off . Winston falls in love with a woman -LRB- illigally -RRB- named Julia and therefore ends up joining the Brotherhood -LRB- good political party against Big Brother -RRB- . Here we see telescreens that are hidden all over secrete and public places to moniter peoples movements and thoughts . Winston gets caught doing something he was n't supposed to be doing and is sent to one of the prisons -LRB- the most interestingly detailed part in the novel -RRB- . Here Wiston must face the ultimate punishment of his life ... his own fear . Read it , ponder over it , and fear it , and enjoy it . I 've even heard that today London has at least 1 survalence camera for every 15 people -LRB- sounds kind of like the telescreens to me -RRB- ...
 1984 is a thought provoking book of what George Orwell thought the world would actually be like in 1984 . It is a scary prediction , that your whole society is controlled by an unseen figure and all individual thought is completely discouraged . Free will is taken away and people are basically forced to become living robots , submitting to every will of the Party . An original thought will lead you to become wiped out of existence , and the Party will change the past so that you never existed in the first place . This frightening society is conveyed by the life of Winston Smith , an unhappy Party member who holds the idea of Brotherhood . 1984 is unlike any book I have ever read . Since it requires some deal of imagination , I would not recommend it to anyone who has trouble imagining a totally new system of living . The workings of the government require deep thought , so it is not a very easy book to read . However , I enjoyed reading about this insight of the future . I am completely honest in saying that 1984 is one of the best books I have ever read .
 I read this book with the expectations that it was gon na make me think , and it did . The overall theme that of an oppresive society in the `` future '' was both thought-provoking and entertaining . People say that this book has no relevence today because of the fall of Hitler and Stalin , but I say it means more now than ever before . You just need to think of it in the opposite context . Let me explain . Today , we have a wealth of information , some say too much . That is the point . Since we as people have so much at our fingertips , it gets pretty easy for most to spend all day looking at meaningless junk and buying things that they do n't need . There is where an oppressive gov ' t takes over by giving us freedom to look and buy , they take away our freedom of privacy , freedom of speech , and freedom of expression . And that is why this book is so important today , because we may be on the brink of a `` 1984 '' ourselves .
 Although Brave New World has been written before Orwell 's masterpiece - which is the great merit of Aldous Huxley - and these books show different views of the future , I consider 1984 much more mature than the other . When I started to read it , I could n't stop . It 's intelligent , interesting and VERY well written . Besides , it deals with many , many issues , not only totalitarism , as people use to say . It deals also with loneliness , mass media and the power of verbal language . I really like Orwell 's description of a profesional `` building '' a new language , a language so limited that would control human 's thought . George Orwell was very inspired when he wrote this book . Congratulations to this sensitive writer .
 This is one of my favorite books . I read it again every few years . This is such a scary look into what the future could be . I ca n't imagine what ran thorough peoples minds who read this book when it was first written in the 1940s . They must have held great fear for what was to come . Since I was 7 in 1984 I , obviously , did not read this book until well past that year.The world that this book describes is a scary place that none of us can begin to fathom living in . Upon reading the first few chapters it was odd to me that people existed in this world without striving for change . Upon finishing the book , I can state that I quickly saw how overpowering the government was and how things would most likely be impossible to change.Lastly I want to add that the scariest part of all is that some of the ideas in the book no longer seem so `` out there '' .
 ... 1984 is about totalitarianism . It is about a society ruled by a dictator named Big Brother . The thought police carefully scrutinize everyone in the society . They arrest you if you show signs of rebellion or dangerous behavior . Everyone is under constant observation by devices called telescreens ; devices that are like two way TVs . One of the points of their society is to make everybody the same . They are working to destroy all things that are individual about people . They also destroy all evidence about the past . They invent and change events so that they are made to look good . They have abolished marriage in the common meaning of the word . You may only get married if you do not have any interest in the person . The main Character , Winston , questions this society . He longs for a time in which people had freedom . He starts a journal , a crime punishable with death , about the things he feels is wrong with the society . He meets a woman named Julia and they begin a secret affair . They find hideaways in the woods and go there separately because if they are seen too often together the thought police will get curious and investigate . They get a room over an antique shop in a poor neighborhood and use that to meet in . Eventually they meet up with a man named O'Brien who asks them to join the brotherhood , an anti Big Brother organization . O'Brien turns out to be a member of the thought police in disguise and they are arrested . They are tortured and made to confess everything . When they are released , they have no strong feelings for each other anymore and are for the rule of Big Brother.I think the significance of this story is to bring to attention the dangers of dictatorships . What Orwell did with his novel was create a hypothetical situation representing what could come if we are not careful . This book was written at a very tumultuous time in history where there were many emerging dictators . This book is Orwell 's warning to society .
 This was an important book when it was written , and amazingly it is still very relevant today . When it was written , the world was facing the threat of global communism . Wells does an excellent job of attacking the flaws of communism while also focusing on the ways it would be expanded in the future . When you look at the technology we have now , you realize that this book was somewhat prophetic.This book was certainly not a call to action against communism however . It was more the product of frustration and hopelessness , and a warning to the reader . As such , the book is pretty depressing . The characters are trapped in their world and completely unable to change anything about it . Even when it looks like there may be hope , it is soon crushed by Big Brother . I do n't want to ruin the book for anyone who is thinking of buying it , so I 'll say no more . This is a great read for anyone who needs a reminder of how important and delicate our freedoms are .
 Surely one among the few best social allegories ever written , together with Brave New World , Fahrenheit 451 and Catch 22 , and the harshest and least humorous among them . Though inspired by the Soviet regime , the mechanisms described in the text are suitable for most democratic and non-democratic contemporary societies . More than a prophecy , the novel represents a study of current social dynamics.Pressure for acceptance , mandate for substantial submission in spite of retention of a viewable independence , stratification of people by means of limited privileges are the pillars over which any sufficiently complex group relies upon . The thread develops from the particular situation of the chief character , Winston Smith , depicted against the environment created by the Party to his final struggle and breakdown , when he is forced to turn personal feelings from another person towards the Party , because `` there is no love , except love of Big Brother , there is no loyalty , except loyalty towards the Party '' . Even if the description of interrogatories and tortures is quite detailed and has been sternly represented in some film scenes , I have found two other issues as the most shocking in the novel
 I think that every good aware American citizen shouldread this book every five years or so . Our freedom is whatmakes this country so great . The freedom to be different.The freedom to dream and love according to your owndesires . Go into Orwell 's world of supression andlive out the danger with those who dare to rebel . Iread this book to remind myself that the freedom we alllove and flourish in , can be restrained in the name ofthe `` state 's interest . '' Reread this book . Encourage yourkids to read it . Orwell is an excellent writer .
 1984 is an amazing book that everyone should read.Now , as for the physical book itself , I was very pleased to see the high production value of it . The integrated silk book mark , the creme colored paper , and the strength of the books ' spine as I laid it out to be read over and over again.I could definitely invest some more money in this company and plan on buying more books to add to my collection in years to come .
 I bought this book for my friend who loves to read , but did n't know a good book to read , so I bought this for him . He loves it ! Thanks for the book !
 Winston Smith vaguely remembers what the world was like before . Before the revolution , before the Thought Police , before Big Brother . But he ca n't remember if it was better.I wanted to read this book because its a classic . No bookshelf is complete without it . What I was surprised to find is that I really liked it . Sure , I knew I would like it . It 's a classic for a reason but I really enjoyed it . I thought it would be hard to get through and reading it would take a lot of effort on my part . I was wrong.I 'm not going to get into the plot very much . It 's one of those books you just have to read . It 's a story about the horror of human nature . The horror of man 's obsession with power . This book was written in 1949 . I can understand what an impact it must have had then . With Hitler and WWII still fresh in everyone 's minds . Even in the 50 's it might have seemed possible that something like this could happen . In today 's day and age its not even feasible but it makes you thankful for the world we live in and the privileges we take for granted.I highly recommend 1984 if you have n't read it already . Like I said no shelf is complete without it .
 1984 is a very well writen book that makes us see a very scay but possable future . To compleatly understand this future we must go in to the gory -LRB- literally -RRB- deatils . This is why the book is evil . 1/3 of the book is about distroying a mans soul using torture , mind minupulation , and starvation . It is evil but nessisary .
 2084
 My copy is so old it does not have an ISBN . It is the twenty-first printing of the 1949 Harcourt edition . Refer , then , to page 191
 I first read this book 30 years ago and I was certain that it explained much in American politics at that time . As I read it today , I see that it still explains much of American politics , but , it also explains much of politics of nations throughout the world and is fully consistent with much of the more cynical writings of political philosophy over the years , such as Machievelli . This is a fantastic story that is VERY easy to read , get involved in , relate to the main character , and find oneself caught in the truth of versus the appearance of reality . Excellent !!! A +
 This book is one of my all time favorites . Classic in every respect of the word . George Orwell 's vision should be taken with a grain of salt , but look at all the striking similarities there are to the world that we live in . With all the recent and upcoming advances in science and technology we would do well to remember the world in 1984 .
 In these days of Echelon , Satellite spying , and the ever-increasing proliferation of surveillance cameras , 1984 will definitely leave you with an uneasy feeling.The story of one man 's doomed rebellion against almost total totalitarianism , where even the text record of the day and the past can be altered to suit those in power.Many concepts from this novel have entered the common lexicon .
 George Orwell wrote ' 1984 ' a year before his death to show the world the grim and bleak future of a society subject to the claws of totalitarianism.This book is one of the best of the Twentieth Century
 I am amazed how vibrant its message . Orwell 's words have stood the test of time , making its tale even more powerful today . It will capture your imagination while challenging you to reflect more deeply on the state of our society.The book 's afterword sums it up beautifully . Written in 1961 , Erich Fromm concludes , `` Books like Orwell 's are powerful warnings , and it would be most unfortunate if the reader smugly interpreted 1984 as another description of Stalinist barbarism , and if he does not see that it means us , too '' .
 Going into reading this book I assumed that naturally , seeing as it is usually a mandatory school reading assignment , it would be boring . However , from the very start of the novel , Orwell captures your attention with the description of London as it is taken over by Big Brother . Throughout the book my intrigue never ceased as I constantly waited for the rebellious Winston to rise up against the Party and Big Brother . The further I read , the more and more I believed Winston was going to unite the proles and crush Big Brother . Seeing Winston 's curiosity as he read through the changed records or remembered more and more about his past kept me believing an uprising was soon to happen . Once he met Julia I was sure that these two promiscuous characters would fight the Party . What was soon to happen to them however , I did n't believe , even after reading it . I was so sure my prediction was right that I assumed the author was just toying with my head . Orwell does an amazing job in making the story unpredictable and interesting . Even though the story can seem long and almost never-ending at times , it is worth it in the end .
 I recently chose to read this book as an assignment for my english class . I 've always heard that it is such a great piece of literature , so naturally I wanted to experience it . At the beginning of the novel , I was taken in by the way Orwell starts describing Oceania . Then he goes into describe how the party uses telescreens to watch everything that is done by members of the party . These as long as many other elements of the story were very intriguing and are what kept me reading to the end . For the most part , I greatly enjoyed this book , but I would have been happier if the ending was different .
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston Smith
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston Smith
 1984 can do without my review I suppose , it 's been around for more than 50 years and it 's a classic . So that means you must read it ! Unless you are very sensitive , because some of the tortures described leave you with a strong sense of impotence . The book also has very surprising and unexpected plot changes .
 GEORGE ORWELL HAD IT RIGHT . FRIGTENING HOW HE PERDICTED TODAYS POLICTICAL TRAVESTIES .
 Required reading . Unfortunately Orwell was not obvious enough . 1984 was not a prediction of what was to come . Orwell was writing about what already existed . As I read some reviews and talk to `` educated '' people , I 'm amazed at how many believe that Orwell was not talking about America but rather some `` evil '' empire like Russia , China or Cuba . Wake up Winston ! Big Brother has been alive and well for HUNDREDS of years . Could terrorism be our present `` outside threat '' ? It depends on whether outside means inside . Ask Emperor Clinton . Does sex mean sex ? Does Is mean is ? Newspeak is here to stay . If you 'd like to read something clearly written about government and society look for HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD
 A comment on the `` packaging ''
 What else can be said ? Read the book again with fresh eyes while you see eerie parallels in today 's political landscape . Fox news , Sarah Palin , Bill O Reilly , Texas Board of Education , Discovering Institute , George Bush , Ann Coulter , Tea Party , conspiracy theorist , Fox news . Did I say Fox news ?
 George Orwell 's 1948 novel `` 1984 '' depicts a nightmarish totalitarian society in which the government controls all aspects of a persons life.This novel follows Winston Smith , the protagonist . Winston 's character is one which Orwell creates in order to evoke sympathy from the reader . I know that while reading this novel , at times I felt very bad for Winston and was really scared for which outcomes Winston was placed in . Orwell does this well by creating a gloomy atmosphere in the novel.Winston lives in Airstrip One , geographically known as London . Airstrip One is the textbook definition of a dystopia . It is a poverty stricken area with many people sick and living in ruins . Everywhere on the streets signs posted saying , `` Big Brother is watching you '' are present . This omnipresent aspect of the novel , `` Big Brother '' is what first begins to create a menacing environment for the novel.This novel was Orwell 's idea of what a communist society would be like , and his idea is not only true , but it is one that is beginning to form in modern society . Written during the communist scare in the late 40s , Orwell prophesied that this would be what the world would come to in the near future . If one is to consider the mass movement in media and technology today , reading this book would make one question fear the direction that technology is headed . With webcams , tvs , phones , microphones , computers , and cameras of all different shapes , sizes , colors , and uses placed around every corner , Orwell 's imaginative idea of the future might be more accurate than fiction . The government coming into total power using everything we take for granted against us could seem like a very plausible aspect of the near future!This fantastic novel provides excellent insight into what the government is actually capable of , AND , currently is DOING , such as in North Korea . The thought of this occurring though seems too dark , too scary , and too frightening to imagine-almost unreal.Orwell writes this novel in such a way that it has a fear factor to it . Although I quite love this , it might not be for those who are faint of heart . It 's underlying message-that these events are highly plausible - might leave people scared and worried . This is because Orwell does not sugarcoat anything . He writes with cynical and harrowing details , presenting everything clearly and concisely . By the end of the novel , I was convinced that what had occurred to Winston was far worse than death.All the things we take for granted such as love , freedom , justice , and independence are alien concepts in `` 1984 . '' Any small instances of these ideas , and Orwell abolishes them from the text as fast as he can . Orwell seems to be destroying all of Winston 's hopes throughout the novel . Every time Winston has a shred of hope that good will triumph over evil , Orwell goes out and makes it completely the opposite . He does n't share this view that he creates for Winston , so he manages to also destroy it in his own character by the end of the novel . Orwell ensures that he will frighten you.I personally enjoyed `` 1984 '' both as a novel and as a possible warning for where the future is headed . Although it is a book which some people might find bleak , it is one that manages to get the authors point across . Orwell raises questions in his novel about government , mass media , and absolute control over mind , body , and soal . These questions really have no easy answer , and most answers still remain unclear . I believe `` 1984 '' is a must read for people , in order to understand how important their lives really are . You better get it in your hands now before `` Big Brother '' is watching you too ... O_O
 Have you ever watched a movie that ran your emotions through the ringer ? And after you watched it you say it was one of the best movies you have seen even though it was such an arduous journey ? That is what this book was for me.There is such a general feel of hopelessness in this book . The governement has such a tight grip on eveything that you know any betrayal , no matter how small , will be found out . The government in this is such a huge and pitiless machine , you know there can be no mercy and even when our `` hero '' begins his first small acts of rebellion you almost wish he would n't and save himself what you , the reader , know could happen.There are moments you dare to hope that the spark of individuality and freedom of thought might continue if only in secret , even though you , the reader , knows these hopes are probably futile . This , I think is the brilliance of the book . The environment is so well crafted it is like you are rebelling with him in your hopes , even though you know the price and how you will feel when things unavoidably come crashing down . Thus is the human spirit , however , and something I believe the author intended . The journey belongs to you as well as our hero.This book had me thinking a lot in my downtime , about how things could easily go the way of 1984 in our world with only a few more tweaks . It seems ludicrous but I am sure you could come to the same conclusion . I am a conservative fellow by nature and there are things this book says that I do not agree with , however I think we can all agree that the loss of basic freedoms and rights is a horrible thing and this book makes you see what you have and how easily it could all be taken.Try this book out if you are ready for something heavy and to do some thinking afterward . thanks .
 Amazing . The intricacy of this world that George Orwell creates is fantastic and frightening . The themes of history , control , and technology sent my mind in a good thought-provoking buzz . Winston provides a wonderful central character who is seemingly broken yet somehow hopes still . The ending is depressing but fitting.I have only one issue with this novel . The relationship between Winston and Julia feels artificial and purely sexual . It feels as if Orwell was trying to express a love between them , but I did n't believe it.This novel is definitely worth a read . Again and again .
 One of the most embarassing secrets in my life has finally ceased to exist . Until last week i had never read 1984 . But now i have ... Most certainly a harrowing dystopia , by which i was deeply affected . Orwell is a visionary of a rare quality . The links to this present age are evident in nearly every page of the masterpiece .
 Imagine living in a dystopian society where your government monitors your speech and every thought , disguises its corruptive status by saying that it 's working for a better tomorrow , and basically everything else to control ideas and brainwash the people into supporting its propaganda . Well , imagine no further , just read 1984 by George Orwell , which follows the life of Winston Smith through the post-war , dystopian society of Oceania as he reminisces his childhood before World War II while struggling to live under the rule of the Party . Winston faces a society where no one is unaffected by the ever-changing of the Party and everyone lives in constant fear that Big Brother is watching over them.Winston lives in the city of London , where he works for the Ministry of Truth as an editor for printed text , condensing words into the language of Newspeak . The constantly shrinking language of Newspeak was created to reduce the possibility of `` thoughtcrime '' -LRB- the act of thinking outside the Party 's beliefs -RRB- among its citizens and to eliminate any vocabulary deemed unnecessary . For example , the prefix `` double '' can be added to the word `` good '' to form `` doublegood , '' which indicates that something is very good , and vice versa . This is one way that Orwell displays censorship in a communist society , eliminating as many radical ideas from society as possible.Orwell created characters like Winston who made you sympathize for him , from the way he describes his childhood to the way he shows his secret disdain for the Party . Along the way , Winston meets with Julia , a woman from the Fiction department who is the exact opposite of the Party-supporting person she claims to be . From the way Orwell crafts his characters , you can see that he wanted a character that would entirely rebel against the Party to meet Winston , a man who only secretly disdains the Party , to bring out his dark side and do things that he would never have done by himself . With Julia , he secretly rebels from the Party by engaging in everything the Party is against , all the while trying to conceal himself from Big Brother.As much as you 'd like to think that Big Brother is nothing but a fantasy , 1984 was written about the communist countries after World War II like the USSR . Orwell makes this dystopic society parallel to communist society in that everyone is monitored , propaganda is displayed through all areas of media , and the government does its best to alter its ugly past and to sugarcoat current events to put the country in a more positive light . Some say that the novel is too dark ; a possibility for this could be Orwell was suffering from tuberculosis during the time he wrote 1984 , so his pain and suffering is paralleled in the dark descriptions of society . In the communist society and in Oceania , there are those that strongly support the government 's propaganda , and there are those that disagree with the propaganda and long for the days before the government changed . North Korea almost accurately mirrors Oceania in that they 're run by a communist government , the people live in poverty , and they live in constant fear of the police taking them away . The sad reality is , the fictional society of Oceania is very much alive in today 's world . `` It was merely a few words of encouragement , the sort of words that are uttered in the din of battle , not distinguishable individually but restoring confidence by the fact of being spoken . Then the face of Big Brother faded away again , and instead the three slogans of the Party stood out in bold capitals
 This novel seems to be becoming more poignant as the years go by . What was once a frightening science fiction tale about a future gone wrong is now a prophetic vision of a reality we all know . One can not dispute the fact that we are now surveilled in every aspect of our lives and we are only a hair 's breadth away from authorities being able to peer into our very private spaces at will . The march of technology makes fiction into fact and it is our job to be ever vigilant against threats to out privacy . Everyone should read this book .
 The year 1984 has long since passed , but this novel remains a relevant vision of a world where the State controls every aspect of the person 's life , and even thoughts can be crimes.When I was in high school , I tried to pick up this book and read it . I got all of a couple of pages into it before setting it down and never returning to it . Fast forward a little more than a decade , and I finally picked it up again . And you know what ? This is an excellent story ! I just needed to get in touch with my cynical side . A high school senior has too much optimism to appreciate Nineteen Eighty-Four . I used to think -LRB- back when I had n't actually read the story -RRB- that this was a book about a society where the government was watching its citizens ' every move . Well , there is that , but there is so much more to this book . I was impressed by the scope of the ideas touched on here . Most fascinating to me was the concept of thoughtcrime . The idea that a government would seek to control and judge the very thoughts of its citizens is horrific , and yet it is one of the more plausible concepts in the book ! It 's not enough to obey the government ; you have to want what it wants , to give up your will to a shadowy , unknowable Authority.Then there is the concept of the State being able to watch you constantly . It 's like the whole populace is living in the Panopticon . I loved the scene where the two main characters have to wait for a crowd to be able to meet each other . In a society where you are always being monitored , the only place to hide is a crowd.The spookiest facet of this imaginary , horror-story society , is that it is conceived as being perpetual . The `` people '' will never overthrow the government . It functions like a machine , both in its inner workings and its relationship with the other major world powers . It is designed to last forever , to never become the victim of revolution . And through advanced technology and psychological control , it is working.The last part of the book was a riveting , frightening scene . The agents of this terrible society do their best , not to force our protagonist to conform , but to instill in him the desire to conform . To make him love the forces that control him . It is genuinely scary , and painful to watch . The last couple scenes were just amazing.This book is more than just a Bible for folks complaining about the government intruding on personal privacy . `` Big Brother is watching you ! '' It is a frightening picture of how a society would look where the government is taking captive the very minds of its people , and through technology and thought control achieving a kind of clockwork immortality . It is a dark vision , but one worth seeing.Highly recommended.Final Grade
 I 've probably re-read this book more than any other book I love . It 's one of my top five favorite books of all time . Even in high school when I was first forced to read it , I loved it . If you have n't read this book , even if it 's not your particular genre of interest , please give it a try anyway ! Those who have n't read 1984 yet would be shocked how many cultural references today stem from this book . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've seen ` big brother ' and ` thought police ' t-shirts/bumper stickers/posters/etc . Plus , would n't you love learn how to make up funny newspeak words with your friends ?
 When I first read Orwell 's 1984 I was 16 . Now I 'm 44 and I must say that the book took on a whole new meaning to me . Most people say this is one of the best of the worst books they 'll ever read - and I 'm one of them . What I find amazing is how Orwell , in 1948 , had such vision to see our planet 's future unfold . It 's hard to know if science fiction begets truth , or if truth begets science fiction - either way what 1984 portrays is very relevant in today 's society ; even the introduction of Newspeak ... while we have n't gone to this extreme the truncation of today 's language certainly lends itself to the whole idea of Newspeak!Don ' t read this book just before going to bed ... unless you want to experience some very unusual dreams .
 To this day , no other novel has changed the way I look at society as George Orwell has done with `` 1984 . '' I highly recommend this book .
 I 'm not even going to review the book . If you want to know whether or not the book is good , do n't bother . Just read it . The printing job on the book was decent for the most part , although I found a few places where the ink was smudged but still legible . This did n't bother me though , as it was only one or two pages in the whole book and it did n't mar my enjoyment of one of my favorite books of all time . Seriously , if you have n't read this book yet , just buy this book . $ 10 is worth this integral cultural experience . Even if you do n't like it , you should still read it . It 's a good experience , and should get you thinking at the end .
 I read 1984 for the first time in the 1980s .1984 changed the way I perceived the structure of our society and the parties that Govern us .
 I finished 1984 and I came back to amazon.com to write a review . Clicking from my booklist to 1984 to the review page , I got : Looking for something?We 're sorry . The Web address you entered is not a functioning page on our siteApparently the version of 1984 that I bought is no longer available from Amazon.Shades of Minitrue . I wonder if I read the same book you did?As other reviewers have said
 This is classic literature ! George Orwell invented Big Brother in this book and it is scary to behold . He makes Big Brother all too real and all too feasible . I read this in high school and it impacted me even then . Everyone should read this book .
 There are undoubtedly a lot of great books out there but there 's a selective few that I would consider a must read , and 1984 is one of them . Is it really that good ? My personal opinion is that there are better books out there in its genre , but none have had the impact 1984 has had . 1984 is a reminder of the things that we take for granted everyday , It 's about one mans struggle to keep what he values most , his free thought.I 've read this book once , looking to give it a second read . It 's hard for me to pick it up again because the feeling you get from reading 1984 is not exactly a great one , it 's depressing . Which is why I prefer reading Vonnegut.Regardless , 1984 is one of those books we should all read at least once .
 I never had to read 1984 in school . It was always referred to by teachers , but references were never enough to make my realize what the book was exactly about . The idea in my mind had been that the book was about an ideal look at the future of the world -LRB- America ? -RRB- in 1984 -LRB- the book being written in the 1940 's -RRB- . Well , the idea was n't exactly wrong , but it was n't nearly the happy and bright world of the future I was expecting -LRB- lamely I was thinking Jetson 's ... go figure -RRB- . So with a Kindle in hand , I decided I 'd take it upon myself to explore many of the classics I never had to read as a student in school or even those I dismissed in the way the typical student with a narrow view of the world might.To start at the end of it all , the book was good . It was much better than I expected . Of course the idealized view of the world presented is n't the ideal we all want . It 's a utopian world that is to the extreme of being dystopian because the requirements to idealize everything requires a type of world control that is n't as far fetched as it may seem.I do n't want to go into many details except to say that the book is disturbing yet enlightening . If you have any awareness of the world around you , especially the world of the early 21st century , you 'll see that many of the ideals are n't so far-fetched with our current world governments . Many of the catch phrases such as Big-Brother come from this book , and it becomes very clear what these ideas refer to . Of course the world is n't nearly so extreme , and I do think Orwell was exaggerating a viewpoint of what the world can be like . But in presenting the concepts in this manner , Orwell was hopefully making us aware of the slippery slope we may -LRB- now do -RRB- find ourselves in with respect to the perfect society.How close we are to what Orwell presented will depend on the reader . I can see parallels with our US government of the last 10 years , but then again I realize that to be as close as suggested would be quite pessimistic . Regardless of how close we may be , any reader should keep and open mind and awareness of what they learn from this book . This is n't the happy world I expected , and ultimately I found it a bit of a depressing world to think of.Yet , in the end this one book makes me really understand the importance of this book as a classic . This book does has its entertainment value , but its influence on the way we think and the awareness that comes out of the book is one that ca n't be dismissed . It 's not a difficult read , and the more people that read it and become aware of it , the better off we 'll all be , and the less likely the society ruling this fictional world will ever become real if we are in fact headed that way . And if we are n't head that way , be entertained by it .
 I think it would be safe to say that 1984 is a unique story . As far as stories go , it 's hard to categorize . Generally speaking , 1984 fits into the fiction category , yet it rings eerily true . It could be called science fiction because of the prominent use of technology in the narrative -LRB- telescreens , rocket bombs , etc. -RRB- , but this does n't quite fit either . Is it a political treatise on the nature of dictatorships and their nature to suppress all free thought ? Yes , that is true too , but even this does n't quite get it I think.I suppose to get close to its heart , would be to say that it is a fictionalized political and philosophical commentary . While it is `` dystopian and satirical '' according to Wikipedia , and I would agree , it goes beyond this . Its focus is not on any particular dictatorship -LRB- although communist Russia comes to mind -RRB- , but on political power in general . It could readily be used in a political science course . The lecture -LRB- s -RRB- could be called , `` The philosophy of the dictator '' .1984 makes me think of Nietzsche 's philosophy which included the so-called `` will to power '' . The political genius `` Big Brother '' exercises his power over others to the ultimate extreme . His goal is not merely political suppression or suppression of free speech , but rather the conversion of the hearts of all so that they will love big brother for his own sake . Through reprogramming , Big Brother seeks unified thought and purpose.The story also reminded me of the movie The Matrix and the Borg from Star Trek . In each of these stories , the political elites -LRB- the matrix or the collective -RRB- use groupthink to accomplish their ends . Big Brother uses it as well . He required the control of language by issuing a `` Newspeak Dictionary '' . To get everyone to think along the same lines was his ultimate goal . Those who could not adapt were eliminated because they were like viruses in the system . We see this issue in the film The Matrix . Smith says to Neo that the humans are like a virus that must be eliminated.Unlike the Matrix , where there is a hero , 1984 contains no hero . Winston is not even an anti-hero . He is a cog in the machine . It is almost a pointless story in that sense . The reader does not root for Winston , but only stands as an observer in dismay . It betrays the form of novel and the traditional story arc . There is no vanquishing of evil , no destruction of Big Brother . In this story the bad guy wins in the end . It is intended as a cautionary tale of what can happen to us if we are not careful . From a story point of view , I found 1984 unsatisfying . As far as its political analysis , I found it very profound . It was fascinating to read the ramifications of ultimate power.The commentary of O'Brien during Winston 's interrogation , torture and imprisonment was right on the mark . The power structure of Big Brother far surpassed all previous dictatorships . Those in the past did not take it far enough . Big Brother had the courage to take power to the ultimate level . Big Brother intended to make himself a god to be worshipped . His thought would be the only thought . Groupthink would reign supreme.I would recommend reading 1984 . While it will not bring a happy feeling to the reader by the overthrow of Big Brother , it is worth reading for its political and philosophical reflections on modern society . We would do well to heed Orwell 's warnings regarding the potential loss of freedom . He warns us against the aggregation of too much power in government . Orwell has created a chilling tale that will make the reader reflect seriously on the proper role of citizens , of government and the importance of free speech .
 When I decided to read this book , I was a little apprehensive . I was NOT a fan of Animal Farm so I was n't sure what to expect with this novel . I ended up being pleasantly surprised.I 'm sure other readers could see the end coming a mile away , but most of the time I 'm so absorbed in what I 'm reading I do n't look that far ahead I loved the twist , I loved the premise , and I 'm quickly deciding I overall love the dystopian genera in general !
 I do n't think this story really needs my review . So many people have already said everything that needs to be said . All I can say is when I was done with reading this story I felt a trembling deep inside of myself that never fully went away . There is a terrible truth here that needs to be seen .
 AY YO MAN THIS BOOK IS CRAZY I 'M GLAD I GOT THE SOFT BOUND LEATHER BOOK BECAUSE I GET TO EASILY SIFT THROUGH THE PAGES LIKE WHEN MY GRANDMA MADE SOME GOOD CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP YA FEEL ME AND CA N'T FORGET THE APPLE PIE AND SOME 95-96 BULLS YA FEEL MENo but seriously , this book is good .
 If you 've yet to read this masterpiece , hurry . When you get tired of reading or think that what Orwell writes is unrealistically drab , then flip on CNN and catch your daily dose of propaganda . The world of 1984 is modern America , bin Laden is Goldstein and the book is terrifying . John Ashcroft on 1.29.02 ordered a semi-nude statue of Justice in the Justice Department to be covered by a sheet -LRB- check the nydailynews.com archive - No Nudes Good News at Justice -RRB- . 1984 depicts a world in which the populace suffers but suffers because a war is being waged , a war against faceless terrorists whose existence is only proved by the occasional bombing and `` telescreen '' broadcasts of the Brotherhood 's evil leader Goldstein . Life in Airstrip One -LRB- UK -RRB- is a miserable existence with barely enough food , many people going without shoes , no art , no free speech and cheap , rotgut alcohol . Give the recession and the Bush administration a few more years in their ` war against terrorism ' and see if you can even still find this book outside of illegal personal collections.After you 're done with 1984 check out `` Homage to Catalonia '' Orwell 's account of his time spent in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the Communists and Anarchists -LRB- which means believing in no central government by the way , the way the Native Americans , Druids and numerous other peoples lived , not all out savagery like the American thought police would have you believe -RRB- versus the Fascists . Homage to Catalonia will help you have a better understanding of what WWII was all about , how the advent of technology set the stage for the top nations in the world to battle of raw materials , slave laborers and market share . Do some research and see that nearly all of Europe was Socialist or full on Communists at the time of WWII and then realize that American Fascism and Soviet Communism -LRB- really Soviet Fascism -RRB- defeated Nazi Fascism and that the Cold War was necessary for American Corporations to grow and take over the world with every country that did n't want to be bent over by the US Corps . being invaded outright or overthrown by American backed troops for being Marxists . The collapse of Soviet Russia was disatrous for America because no bad guy meant we had to pay back debts and answer for the daily suffering of millions of Americans . Enter the evil camel jockeys and the questions of fairness for the common man are again put on the back burner .
 This is a truly disturbing , powerful book that makes you think , overall a great read . I find it really funny , however , how so many people inject their own political ideas into their interpreations of the book . It 's a very far stretch to say that this book is about the Bush administration taking away all of our rights in the name of counter-terrorism .
 A very meaningful book . I was taken back at how intense it turned out to be ; socially , politically , psychologically and existentially . And it really gives one the awful nausea that Sartre spoke of and the angst of Kierkegaard , the existential despair , emptiness , loneliness , the awful outcome that leaves you with a sour pain in the pit in your stomach . But that is only if you remain too attached and subjective . On the other hand , if you can detach yourself from this book and view it objectively , it is the most meaningful and explanatory lesson in awareness to the distinct and very real possibility of a utopian world gone bad . This book is a valid warning.The book is brilliant , portraying an authoritarian government that recreates all thought , erases all history , negating it all into solipsism , that all reality is simply the creation of man - The Party of Ingsoc - and in doing so melts into a radical blind relativism . Ingsoc , the Party of Big Brother which rules , also attempts to create an entirely new form of language - Newspeak - that reduces the variations of meanings to prevent people from independent thinking . In this new language , the word called , `` Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one 's mind simultaneously , and accepting both of them . . The process has to be conscious , or it would not be carried out with sufficient precision , but it also has to be unconscious , or it would bring with it a feeling of falsity and hence of guilt . `` It 's ironic , but ultimately the fundamentalists are blind relativists in that they violently enforce their view and then change to a completely new view - new history , and then re-enforce this view in staunch , one-sided fundamentalism . This is truly blind relativism , which is different from cultural relativism and pragmatism , where there can still be a limited form of relativism that retains values , but not in the world of Big Brother . This is important because there is a huge difference between mindless relativism and the compartmentalization of absolutes in pragmatism , which maintains value retention while tolerating cultural differences . But in Big Brother , all becomes a relativistic void for the Party , which uses hate , fear and torture to achieve its end goal , the goal of power ; power for the Inner Party.The government of Orwell 's 1984 is different from all the previous authoritarian governments , as it does not fool itself that it trying to help the people . At the end of the current edition is a short essay of Erich Fromm , with an analogy in comparison to two other negative utopian novels with three other positive utopian novels and how society went from such positive idealism to the recognition of negative possibilities in the direction of our future and how our responsibilities and the limited amount of time humanity has as a species to make the necessary changes towards heeding this warning and directing itself towards the positive outcome.Despite the outcome and utter despair the book leaves you with , the valuable lesson speaks for itself . And I think in America , we must recognize our free-market fundamentalist mentality , our military bullying and authoritarian nature that puts the dollar and large corporate control over the proletariat . We need to value Orwell 's warning and work towards repairing the great democratic dream of a equalitarian society that puts the rights of the individual ahead of monetary gain and looks towards the preservation of our environment - to restore the ideas of Emerson , Whitman and James and pragmatist values of democratic government actively engaged by the educated working classes.The year 2005 represents a major time for America -LRB- Amerika -RRB- to wake up from the partisan , unilateral decisions of the Bush Administration 's lone ranger policies , which include torture -LRB- congress just re-defined this word ! -RRB- and lies . And in addition to the United States Imperialism , there is another major serious global development resembling Big Brother which has already begun ; the WTO -LRB- World Trade Organization -RRB- , well underway with a pseudo-democratic , secretive , powerful , small elite group of plutocrats -LRB- mostly United States corporations -RRB- enforcing global limits on protective government regulations , reducing environmental protections and proletariat rights , all so under a `` newspeak '' -LRB- rhetorical-beneficial -RRB- language of `` free-trade . '' Orwell has become a superior prophet over Nostradamus . `` Is not a matter of whether the war is not real or if it is . Victory is not possible . The war is not meant to be won . It is meant to be continuous . A hierarchical society is only possible on the basis of poverty and ignorance . This new version is the past . And no different past can ever have existed . In principle , the war effort is always planned to keep society on the brink of starvation . The war is waged by the ruling group against its own subjects . And its object is not the victory over either Eurasia or Eastasia , but to keep the very structure of society in tact . '' George Orwell , 1984 `` In a way , the world-view of the Party imposed itself most successfully on people incapable of understanding it . They could be made to accept the most flagrant violations of reality , because they never fully grasped the enormity of what was demanded of them , and were not sufficiently interested in public events to notice what was happening . By lack of understanding they remained sane . They simply swallowed everything , and what they swallowed did them no harm , because it left no residue behind , just as a grain of corn will pass undigested through the body of a bird . '' p. 156WAR IS PEACE - and great profits are gained by large corporate military contractors and the vast oil supply -LRB- Halliburton -RRB- . The economic gain is not for the working class , but for the corporate elites and their private ownerships . Thus the government remains financed and ready for further imperial maneuvers.FREEDOM IS SLAVERY - and we now have tight security measures , wire tapping , censorship and the Patriot Act . All of this enslaves us and removes many of our liberties and private rights , all so for the sake of keeping our freedom secure , slavery to protect freedom . Ultimately , censorship prevents the working class from Socratic inquiry of government policies , thus the government remains in tact . Labor parties , Poplulists-Farmers , Feminists , African Americans/Civil rights , evironmental protections , minimum wage requirements and the working man and woman themselves loose their rights and voices of active participation . They are simply `` prols , '' while the corporate elite , the plutocrats increase their rule , working their way towards totality . Open Democracy and human rights die , aristocracy enslavement lives , all so to protect the freedom of the country.IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH - and to remain in ignorance is keep the proletariat quietly content in his mediocre existence , either in poverty or struggle , ceasing the time , strength and desire for Socratic inquiry of government policies . The result ; mindless flag waving nationalism . Ignorance masked under the newspeak of `` Free Trade '' and radical privatization without regulatory control leads to monopolistic corporate state owned society . And the flags keep waving . The breakup of a Hollywood couple takes the headlines , while WTO is quiet in the media background . The elite in Control increase and maintain strength . Ignorance is strength .
 Through out the coarse of my reading carrier I must say that I have found only a few novels that may compare with `` 1984 '' . The cunning realism that is embedded upon every page is something truly worth reading . Personally as a writer I feel that after reading this novel I have grown and improved my own writing technique . Not to mention the actually genius involved in contemplating the elaborate world of restricted freedom and no piece of mind . George Orwell completely shatters all walls of possibilities when he introduces many variations of mass control as well as mass acceptance of lies . The complexity of the main character Winston Smith in itself is simply astonishing . So tragic and heart felt is his predicament that sympathy is quickly given to the fictional character . This is mostly because of the fact that certain freedoms that we have are taken for granted . While in `` 1984 '' the lack of freedom is equally accepted and taken for granted by the people of the novel . Which reminds us to think and judge for our selves what it is right . This is the utmost reason for me appreciating and taking to heart this novel . > > Thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak my mind ... < <
 I wanted to read the Top 100 books and read this book in that process . I did n't understand the book initially then I started getting hang of it . After finishing it , I feel it was not as spectacular as people have talked about it . I am not a Christian but I will not be able to put this book in the same class as Bible -LRB- Must read 100 Books before you die -RRB- . Everyday I advise my kids to read Bible or for that matter most of the world -LRB- Once again I am not Christian and nor I am an Atheist , just simple Punjabi moderate Brahmin Hindu -RRB- . I can not say the same for this book . I will rather tell my kids to read How to Make Friends and Influence People , Dale Carnegie over this book . Had -LRB- George -RRB- he received some input from Russians this book would have lasted few more decades ? The very concept that individual is not living for themselves and is living for a fictitious party is too abstract and more like Star Trek type Gamma Quadrant planet of Romullans governed by wayward rebels . More over this book should only be read by those who have studied Socialism , Capitalism and Communism with passion not with intellectual quest or passing interest . You conceive of a political system when we keep learning most of fun stuff from animals and our basic instinct govern most of the creations . As a novel it is no better than Stephenie Meyer 's creation of Twilight -LRB- Now I will be shocked if that becomes must read top 100 books -RRB- . People have you not heard of Gorky , Mother . Had I been British Citizen I would have followed or propagated thoughts but I am US Citizen and we are going to be a representative colony of this Universe , we can not forget Russia or for that matter China -LRB- Oops , Everyone knows in America how many steps to the forbidden palace or what is number 9 -RRB- .
 I got this book , for a gift , wich was one of my best gifts ever given . The only isue , is that the cover of the book that i recived , was n't the one I choose . So , that was the only thing I did n't like about it .
 the product was delivered in a timely fashion and was in the `` as-stated '' condition . it was used but the book was still in tact with no damage . highly recommend seller to any potential buyers
 I wo n't summarize the story as many other reviews do that . This book was shocking to readers in 1948 , but to those of us who have seen the Soviet Union and even modern day America , it is not really shocking . Oceana , in the book , has an exagerated toletarian system similar to Nazi Germany or Soviet Communism , but with the sexual attitude of the Shakers , or some other group that twists Christianity into a miserable heavy-handed religion . Obviously the author was writing based on events in his time . What is amazing is how the goals of the regime in the book have actually been accomplished , and more easily , in American democracy without the heavy handed approach . The approach in the book is unlikely as they limit human sexuality to a level never acheived by puritanism , except for groups like the Shakers , who died out . It is more effective to break down the family the way it has been done in America , through promoting sexual immorality , divorce , abolishing parental rights , and university brainwashing against parental values . Of course this breaks down society as a whole , but passifies the subjects , and the breakdown of America is necessary to establish a world wide form of democratic facism , or , `` the Plan '' . The futuristic telescreen , would be called an interactive flatscreen TV in our day . While it has not yet come to pass , fully , the internet does much of the same , where people 's movements are being tracked and recorded , largely for market purposes at the present , but aside from entrapping people seeking presently illegal forms of sex , its full potential as a law enforcement tool has not yet been utilized . Large search engines have used it to censor speech and thought in some regions , as well as rewrite the past . New speak would be hard to acheive in a democracy , but schools and the media have attempted the separation of word and thought through programs such as the failed Evonics course in California . Words have lost meaning , such as when my son calls something `` bad '' , it can mean good or bad . When he calls something `` sick '' , it could also mean he likes it , or he hates it ... or both . Double speak is prevaelent , and the thought police exist in the spirit of `` politcal correctness '' . An example of double-speak is when President Clinton stated , `` we will re-define the immutable '' . Thought crimes are labled as `` hate crimes '' and are being enforced in order to bring harsher justice to enemies of the state . Threats of terrorism are used to convince the populace to eagerly forfeit their freedoms , though the government is doing the same things they always did , the media is publicizing it as something new to make people consciously aware of the activity in order to accept it . The US Constitution is being reinterpreted and called a `` living document '' in order to change it 's meaning and use doublespeak . Examples are `` separation of church and state '' , a phrase commonly believed to be in the Constitution , but not actually there . The words that are there to prevent government interferance in church affairs , have been twisted to mean the opposite , and is commonly used to erase certain forms of religion -LRB- mainly Christianity -RRB- from the public sector . The reading of founding documents is forbidden in some state schools due to the mention of God and other ideas which are conflict with the revision of history . Students are also taught that the Pilgrims came to America because they liked to travel , or they wanted gold . The former reasons of fleeing religious persecution and freedom are no longer historical fact as it would interfere with the forthcoming persecution . Another example is the supreme court ruling which supports the confiscation of land by a government body if it can be sold to a source offering higher tax revenues , something clearly forbidden by our founding fathers . In the book there was one party . In America , it is limited to 2 , but they are much the same , but appear to argue over inflamatory issues to create the illusion of difference . One example is abortion , which the balance of the Supreme Court comes close to tipping to make illegal , but never quite makes it . The next presidential election is planned to ensure that , regardless of which party wins , or is planned to win . Abortion , being a symptom of a greater cause , keeps people focused on it 's own battle , thus preventing them from interfering with the root of the cause which is part of the Plan . In reality , secret agendas are co-operated on by both parties , such as de-industrialization of America for personal profit and the Plan , and the formation af an American Union . Not even the media is allowed in on such negotiations , and the lawmaking procedures are bypassed . Science is allowed , but thought in the scienific community is one of the most strictly controlled , comparable perhaps to the Catholic Church during the days of the inquisition , though penalties are limited to ruining ones career , rather than martyring them . A specific scientific theory of origin , not proposed by a scientist , but a bitter son of a clergyman , is taught as fact , not theory , and increasing scientific evidence against the theory or its obvious flaws , and equally or more viable scientific theories are forbidden for discussion , and lawsuits and severe punishment awaits any state school teacher who disobeys this order . No questioning or free thinking is allowed in this area , as it is considered almost as a blasphemy towards the unofficial state religion of Humanism . This theory is also the basis for racism and ethnic cleansing , and has been the foundation for more death in the world than any other religious dogma . While racism is not tolerted in the realm of political correctness , the concept of different races despite genetic proof of only one human race is supported by all government forms asking which race you identify with . This is because there are many in power who secretly benefit from racism and cultural divisions . While Christianity is forbidden in the state schools , Islam is tolerated and often promoted . It is unclear if this is out of fear , or part of a larger plan , when that religion will replace the vacuum created by the elimination of Christian thought and freedom . An interesting perspective is the essay `` Will Islam Be Our Future '' by Joel Richardson . Thought crimes today also prohibit the distribution of medical literature published by organizations such as the AMA warning agianst the consequences of practicing certain unsafe or deviant sexual behaviors . In fact , such activity is being taught and encouraged to young school children , and parents can face stiff penalties for interfering with such doctrine . While most Americans once believed the government should keep out of the bedroom , the liberal proponents of these practices will themselves be eliminated after they help to usher in the next phase in the Plan , where human sexuality and the role of women are strictly controlled by the Government . This will precede the third phase where a world leader will come into absolute power . The Mhadi , caliphate , Anti-Christ , the name varies depending on the religion . The transformation of American state run achools from among the best , to among the worse in developing nations , is largely due to the emphasis taken away from acedemics in favor of social engineering this will ensure the weekening of America in order to balance power and bring about the results of the Plan . The way things are brought about in 1984 can not happen , as human nature will not allow it . The failure of the Soviet Union is an example . It is much easier to manipulate people theough false religion . People will get tired of a political system , but will die for religon . America is unique as it was founded on true `` religion '' , though false notions have tainted it with evils such as slavery , but true freedom can only survive with true Judeo-Christian values , history has proved , and is proving this point before our eyes today . While history may have been colored in the past , it is being changed in today 's books , just like in Oceana ...
 I read this book for the first time in high school and found it mildly interesting . I read it again recently and realized what an incredible piece of genius it really is . The other thing I realized is that this book makes perfect sense as a satire of Christianity . Big Brother . Thought crimes . Room 101 . It fits perfectly . Of course , whether that was Orwell 's intent I do n't know -LRB- though he was an atheist -RRB- , but I think the book is a masterpiece if analyzed in that way . Paul Gehrman , Author , Kaleidoscope
 1984 is about two lovers -LRB- Winston and Julia -RRB- who go on a romantic crime spree until they are eventually apprehended by the police . While incarcerated , they both undergo innovative medical and psychological procedures . These procedures are designed to cure them by making them become law abiding citizens.Do these procedures work ? You 'll have to read the book to find out .
 This is an excellent book for young people . It 's easy to read and understand and will speak directly to their disaffection for society .
 My mom loved it , the everything in the transaction went well also . Thank you !
 This book was first published in 1949 and it revolves around the story of the struggle of Winston Smith against a totalitarian , oppressive regime . It 's as well an essay on the human nature and human condition . It also reminds us that sometimes the cure is worse than the poison . I highly recommended it together withAnimal Farm .
 When I began to read 1984 , I had my hesitations . In the past I have found that books like this were never really my `` thing '' . Animal Farm , Slaughter House Five , Fahrenheit 451 , and other books of that sort I always found a bit too slow moving for the taste of the average high schooler.Opening up 1984 was a risk for me , if I do n't like a book the first time around , I probably never will , but I was pleasantly surprised to find myself sucked into George Orwell 's cleverly crafted world of Winston Smith , Big Brother , the Party , and rebellion.Like every great science fiction novel , 1984 takes place in a world where everything is controlled by the government , in this case Big Brother and the party , and free thinking is the worst crime one could commit . We 've all read a book or seen a movie about conspiracies with the government controlling every aspect of our lives , and this is definitely the most well done . Everything from the telescreens to the thought police was so believable it almost made me suspicious I was being watched!Not only did the writing make it seem realistic , but the writing was a bit more fast paced than some other `` classics '' and it kept me turning the pages . I understand that many classics seem so dull to us high schoolers merely because we do n't have the patience for anything we have to think about . I think that 1984 is definitely a better read for high schoolers because it keeps moving and stays interesting but still manages to make you think a bit about the world we live in and it 's future.I definitely recommend this book for anyone , even those reluctant teens that do n't usually favor books that are published before they were born .
 I read Animal Farm back in high school , but had not been exposed to Orwells other works , quite good.See these others by Orwell : Animal FarmComing Up For AirBurmese Days
 It 's amazing how close this book reflects the Governments of the World today . It 's a must read for anyone who has not read it .
 This book is one of my favorite books of all time . Several interesting twists , with a bitter , ironic ending . A great example of a `` negative utopia '' novel . It 's message holds true to this day
 Not only is this an unforgettably great story , it 's also a presented here beautifully.I had somehow reached the age of 28 without having ever read 1984 , and I was struck by not only how poignant the world of Orwell 's 1984 is today , but just how gripping the story of Winston Smith is . Orwell 's style here is compassionate in its matter-of-factness and poetic in its rigidity , which could not be more fitting for the classic tale of Big Brother , Newspeak , and the Thought Police.A surprise for me was not only how brutal Orwell can be , but also the level of humor present in this text - dark humor , to be sure , but comedy nonetheless . This , again , is very befitting of the famous context in which the narrative is set . In oppressive times , laughter is one of the best defenses we have , and it can sometimes be surprising what seems humorous when we take a step back from the situation.As mentioned , the presentation here is beautiful . This `` centennial edition '' by Plume -LRB- a division of Penguin Books -RRB- is a facsimile of 1984 as it was published in it first edition . The `` aged '' look fools the reader into thinking they are handling an old and dear text . The paper quality of both the cover and the pages is excellent as well . Also included is an excellent new introduction by Thomas Pynchon.All in all , a very rewarding literary experience . I ca n't recommend it highly enough !
 The book 1984 is quite simply one of the best books that I have read , period . The book was written by George Orwell -LRB- real name Eric Arthur Blair -RRB- short after World War 2 . Similar to myself , Orwell fought in a war as a Sergeant for the British Army . According to Orwell that purpose of the book was to `` to alter other people 's idea of the kind of society they should strive after . '' With that goal in mind , I believe that Orwell did a wonderful job in constructing a society that would definately alter any idea about a totalitarian society.The reader is introduced to Winston Smith who is a citizen in the imaginary super-state of Oceania -LRB- present-day Great Britian and the Americas -RRB- . Under the strict totalitrian rule of Big Brother -LRB- the `` ruler '' of Oceania -RRB- Smith becomes increasingly anxious about `` being a human being . '' The novel follows his journey to overthrow life -LRB- and government -RRB- as he knows it , in his quest to become a human being.In the book , Orwell does a wonderful job of introducing his character and creating the surrealistic world of 1984 . One would guess that is characters came from real life experiences as a working class individual under British Imperialism in his homeland of India . Orwell 's ability to develop his characters leads the reader to sympathize with -LRB- or maybe hate -RRB- those in the novel . The characters are nicely placed under the all-seeing `` Big Brother '' and the reader does feel this tension throughout the story.The theme of is straight forward , as stated eariler Orwell want to paint a picture of what he believed might become of the different political and social organizations of his day . While the way Orwell presents his thoughts might seem outlandish at first , a through reading of the book does give the reader a erie feeling of the current political situation of America . For example , Orwell discusses the need for war to maintain society : `` The essential act of war is destruction , not necessarily of human lives , but of the products of humna labor . War is a way of shattering to pieces , or pouring into the stratosphere , or sinking in the depths of the sea , materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable , and hence , in the long run , too intelligent . `` While the reader may disagree , Orwell understood all to well the function of `` war '' in our society . In addition , Orwell discusses `` classism '' and other relatively socio-political aspects of government formation in this novel . Within all of the different discussion of these things , Orwell still manages to produce a wonderfully entertaining story.While we have not -LRB- in America -RRB- reached a totalitarian state , the novel does present an erie allusion to the current state of the world . Nonetheless , I believe that this book is a must read for anyone who loves books . You definately will not be disappointed ! Orwell 's style makes this book an easy read and a highly intellectual lesson . ENJOY !
 `` War is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength . '' A statement in 1949 intended for 1984 , and reality for us today . Reality can be your own interpretation . In reality who really controls your life ? According to George Orwell 's classic novel 1984 the thought police and big brother were the ones to control our lives . Big brother is a power structure that regulates not only information , but individual thought and memory.Big brother is not watching . He is singing and dancing . He is pulling rabbits out of a hat . Big brother is busy holding your attention every moment you are awake . He is making sure you are always distracted . He is making sure you are fully absorbed . He is making sure your imagination withers until it is as useful as your appendix . With everyone 's imagination useless no one can be a possible threat to your world.The book speaks about control and being a unitary party instead of individuals . It speaks out about the ways of people and their hunger for world domination . I believe that this is his best book written , although his topics are all about human nature and where it takes us in life . Everyone should read this book in order to open your eyes and think for yourself rather then think like the rest of the world .
 It is often disputed as to what Eric Blair , under the pen name of George Orwell , was trying to communicate through his now legendary masterpeice , 1984 . Some say he was warning the world to the dangers of the Soviet Union and it 's totalitarian policies . Some say he was warning governments from allowing power to be shifted over to obscure , bureaucratic oligarchies . Ultimately , I would not enforce any of the above or any other theories an anybody . It 's a subjective matter , as is all . But , by the time you emerge from the world Mr. Blair creates around you , you will be certain of the worst a government is capable of . You will have cold shivers , your jaw will drop and you will sit in awe of the appauling , yet frightenly plausible , deeds the `` Party '' will go to in order to control the thoughts and memories of it 's populace.From simply a literary standpoint , Blair proves himself a writer of the highest caliber . His artful use of syntax draws a graphic image , as well as the ambiance of the book itself . His words flow together perfectly , each one complementing the last . The poignancy of his work does not lie in fast paced action , or `` edge-of-your-seat '' thrills , but in total immersion into his world and a glimpse of what could be.Ultimately , this book is worth all the time in the dictionary you will have to spend in order to understand this book fully . It will change the way you look at the world and the way populations allow themselves to be governed . A vital book for anyone in our modern world .
 This book is eerie , almost prophetic . It will take more than one read though to understand it ; since each time you read it , you will THINK you understand the point ; however , trust me , you dont . This book is by far deeper than other dystopias such as Brave New World , The Chrysallids , and even Animal Farm . Another book i would recommend would be the Picture of Dorian Gray . All who read this have an obligation to set themselves apart from the lost and ignorant and to change the present system we have today , a system where you can only get so rich but those at the top have unlmited access to the world 's wealth . This is a system which breeds human to live on the streets , daughters to dishonour thier fathers , and sons to beat their mothers . This system is wrong and can not sustain itself . Orwel , Marx , Huxley , these are the ones who have seen the future in dreams and are afraid . They know what may come should we remain silent ; so shout , scream , let yourself be heard ! When they put their labels and chains on you ; tell them ; let them know that you will speak!my email is crayz_dj@hotmail.com
 I really loved this book . I am a big fan of utopian literature , I found that this book had some deeper , darker elements that more recent novels lacked . It left the reader feeling violated and angry . Angry that today over twenty years after the looming threat of BIG BROTHER has passed we still may be heading down the wrong road . Many people say what is the point of reading a book written in the 1940 's and not to mention the infamous 1984 has passed . The date is of little relevence , Orwell meant to warn his readers of a time not to soon to be discarded and not to late to be forgotten . All those individuals who say that 1984 is a waste of time either did not finish the book or are missing some basic human traits . I never am startled by books , I expect rape , murder etc. but 1984 so disturbed me that I begin to look around and see that Orwell 's fiction may not be a work of fiction but in a few decades another piece of paper destroyed in the erasing of our pasts . The only reason that I gave this book 4 stars instead of 5 is because I so very much detested the end . The ending is suiting its just too damn suiting . I leave with this haunting refrain that sums up the book ... `` Under the Spreading chestnut tree , I sold you and you sold me.Here lie they and here lie we , Under the spreading chestnut tree . ''
 Winston lives in a world of constant survelence and secret police . Truth is what the government says , not what actually happened . According to the `` facts '' produced by the government , the country is getting better , but according to memory , the country is getting worse . Society has been brainwashed by fear of its own government and also by incited anger at its enemy country .1984 yields the -LRB- very -RRB- far extreme of a society that many fear some current societies are headed . Although fiction , it is fascinating to look at certain similar aspects to current societies -LRB- again , nowhere near as extreme as the book 's society -RRB- , and is a good book in terms of where we should keep our society from heading . Truly a great read in terms of perspective.The only downside that I took from the book was that I was so bothered by what Winston endured and especially the last 50 pages of the book . Never a regret reading it , but definitely not a `` happy book . '' I like my eyes wide open .
 I just finished 1984 and was blown away by the final chapter and the book 's conclusion . Orwell 's brilliant ideas , especially those told through the object of the book -LRB- which , in 1984 , is in itallics , but I ca n't write in italics here -RRB- The growth of The Party , from the creation of the super nations to the ideas behind the purpose of the war , all are completely and frighteningly believable . The Party , incarnated and personified in the end of the book , is one of the most horrific villains ever , especially durring the scenes between it and Orwell 's personification of humanity . Although it took Orwell about a third of the book to set up the whole idea of society under the party , once he has gotten his world set up , he procedes to propel the reader through it with frightening realism and a sad sense of hopelessness.The thing that frightens me most , though , is the question of how correct Orwell might be . Is this where we are heading ? While I do n't think anything now could be similar to what is in the book
 Before I had a chance to read this book I read `` The Giver '' twice and watched the movie `` Equilibrium , '' I 'm readily convinced that these ideas were spawned off the book `` 1984 . '' I started hearing about this book from numerous friends as a book they read in high school . I was amazed by the fact that I had never read the book but I think people having sex is something they would want to filter out of people 's minds at such a young age.The book started off with a feeling that made you miserable which is a great way to start a book because you have a notion of curiosity that makes you eager to see if the situation gets better . Over the course of the story you delve into the horrific society that kills people for having an independant thought . A downgrade in society if you think about it . I would have never thought evolution could go backwards ; however the situations in `` The Giver '' and `` Equilibrium '' seem more plausible since technology gets better as they go along.The middle of the novel you get even more fascinated by the fact that so much good starts happening and you just cheer on the characters . There is so much tension and you wonder what good will come next and you ca n't sleep until you finish the next page . Then you finish the book with a mouth dropped open and having strong emotions.I personally hated the ending but that is exactly what the author wants you to feel , hatred like everyone else in this book feels . Some people will applaud at the ending saying it 's clever and others might be in deep awe about what just happened . I 'll just say that it 's one book that I 'll gladly display on my shelf which is a lot considering my strict selection of books .
 I have read this book three or four times and it never gets old , IT STILL APPLIES TODAY . With the way the world is going with terroitist , wars , President Bush , weapons of mass destruction could the Thought Police , and living in Oceania be far behind . Most of us laugh at this idea , but some of else might find it easy 2 live in a society where they do n't have to think for themselves or worry about fighting for the little pleasures in life because there wo n't be any.I how even would NEVER want this type of life.I feel this book was written as a Warning 2 WAKE UP BEFORE IT 'S 2 LATE ! I RECOMMEND EVERYONE READ THIS BOOK . . IT WILL KEEP US ALL AWAKE !
 Orwell 's `` 1984 '' began real slow . Orwell set up a lot of groundwork for the last hundred or so pages . I had to force myself to read the first two sections , but toward the end of the second section and all throughout the third , I could not put it down . Orwell had so many twists at the end of the book that made the it worth reading . He flawlessly used foreshadowing to literally make this book . All the twists , if you could pick up on the foreshadowing , would n't have come to you as a surprise . But since I took the foreshadowing for something different , what really occured was thrilling!I would suggest suffering through the first many pages to get to the last hundred . Set aside about an hour or two and read the last pages straight through , because it will be too hard to put it down once the plot twists occur . Overall , I truely enjoyed the book . I just found it hard to get through some of it .
 1984 is a very enjoyable book to read , although I would never hand this to anyone under 14 . This is a book that does discuss sexual content between two of the main characters , but this is part of the main story line . I think anyone that reads it will like it . Although it is pretty scary on how close some of the topics which it touches is becoming today in the world .
 I first read this book as a teen , it was a class assignment . I recently read it again and I 'm still blown away by it . I do n't know many people that have not read this masterpiece . It was first published about sixty years ago . In today 's times it is definitely a profound and visionary book to read again . I assume that it is still recommended reading to students . It certainly should be .
 I had seen the movie based on this book years ago . The book has as much meaning in this day and age as it did when it was written.I was captivated by how stark , dirty , dingy , and hopeless the main charcter 's view of the world is , even when trying to rebell.I think it 's a very insightful look into just where a society can go . Even one with the best of intentions . It 's very applicable in this era .
 I 'm amazed that there are so few reviews about this classic book . Perhaps people do n't believe Big Brother is watching them.The other relevant classic by Orwell is Animal Farm -LRB- ISBN
 What can you say about this book that has n't already been said ? It 's dark . It 's real dark . It 's real , real dark . Get your flashlight . The future is not a nice place and this is no fairytale . It is , however , a classic and a must read .
 ** Spoiler Warning **** Only read if you have read this novel before !!! ** Absolutely fascinating ... I will never understand how one man ... could have the mental capacity to write something as utterly brilliant as this ! he not only created a Perfect system of government ... in which inner party based communism could thrive ... forever ... Stuck in one perpetual point in time ... but he also created a system in order to break people down to the state that they were as mailable as clay ... and could be suited for the party 's uses . The man was able to take such a solid rock as Winston Smith and reduce him ... not to rubble ... but to a soft malleable substance that he was then able to mold and die cast into EXACTLY what he wanted ... Winston was the hardest , most unbreakable man the party could ever attempt to assimilate ... and through this system that George Orwell conceived ... through this extremely convincing system of reeducation ... they did it . You believe for yourself that if this was done to you ... it was extremely conceivable that you would deviate just as he had . And this evil method of breaking a mans body , mind , and heart down to the ground Pails in comparison to system of Ingsoc itself . This ridiculously meticulously crafted work of art ... every single detail ... painstakingly buffed and polished ... Orwell could easily have been a dictator of the entire world ... if he had a month to figure out how . This man is one of my true heroes as of right ... now.If i could give this novel more than five stars ... it would be worth twenty ...
 A classic work of dystopian fiction . Big Brother is watching you . Thoughts and actions are monitored by the Party , and variation is not tolerated . War is the health of the state , and disinformation and propoganda are the standard modes of the media . Those who do not comply are whisked away to be reprogrammed . This is the world of Eng Soc
 In a society that has eliminated many imbalances , surplus goods , and even class struggle , there are bound to be deviates ; Winston Smith is one of those . He starts out , due to his inability to doublethink , with thoughtcrime . This is in a society that believes a thought is as real as the deed . Eventually he graduates through a series of misdemeanors to illicit sex and even plans to overthrow the very government that took him in as an orphan.If he gets caught , he will be sent to the `` Ministry of Love '' where they have a record of 100 % cures for this sort of insanity . They will even forgive his past indiscretions.Be sure to watch the three different movies made from this book :1984 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- Peter Cushing is Winston Smith1984 -LRB- 1956 -RRB- Edmond O'Brien is Winston SmithNineteen Eighty-Four -LRB- 1984 -RRB- John Hurt is Winston smith1984
 1984 / 0-679-41739-7Painful , frightening , horrific . What do you do in a world where your every movement , every gesture is watched carefully by the government ? How do you live in a world where even the slightest departure from complete conformity will result in torture , dismemberment , death ? What hope can you have in a world where there is no escape - there is no free travel , and nowhere to flee to since all governments are the same ? You can not even take the step of ending your own life , as the government which can not supply the country with enough food , shoes , or clothes also fails to supply its citizenry with razor blades . `` 1984 '' paints a picture bleak and terrifying , of a government that terrorizes its populace into quiescence , and of a populace that is too fearful , too hungry , and too uneducated to attempt the mass uprising that might save them . In a world where children are taught to spy on their parents and turn them into the police for the most minor -LRB- or imagined -RRB- of crimes , there can be no love , no one worth fighting for or protecting . How does it all end ? Orwell does n't believe that it can end - `` 1984 '' is a reminder for eternal vigilance against an impossible enemy
 1984 is a great novel , even for the casual reader . What I think is terrifying is that it is possible in our time . Big brother could be watching -LRB- wiretaps with no court order -RRB- and if you do n't share his view you might end up in room 101 -LRB- Guantanamo -RRB- as an `` enemy combatant '' with no rights.It 's a telling story about control and fabrication of information , fear mongering and make believe triumphs -LRB- top secret documents , proof of wmd , color label terror alerts , mission accomplished -RRB- sounds ridiculous - or maybe not .
 `` Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing . `` Winston Smith lives in 1984 -- he thinks . He 's actually not sure what year it is , as the Ministry of Truth , the agency he works for as a minor member of the Party , keeps muddying up the records . The past is malleable , the nation is always at war , words are disappearing from the vernacular , everyone is monitored through telecasters , bad thoughts are a crime , and Big Brother is always watching ... How have I not read this classic dystopian novel until now ? I 've poured through Brave New World , started but never finished We , watched THX-1138 and Brazil , and recently finished The Handmaid 's Tale , but somehow 1984 has avoided being in my to-read library . Until I finally got my hands on an audiobook version.This book is eye-opening , a bleak picture of the future , a scary nightmarish world where nothing you do is ever private -- and in this age of the internet , does n't that seem even more likely than ever ? Throughout the entire book , I could n't help that feeling that someone was looking over my shoulder , that any moment someone was going to spot me.The characters are n't particularly brilliant , but they function for the exact purpose that Orwell created them
 So much has been written about Orwell 's classic dystopian novel that it is tough to add anything new , many reviewers having offered well-thought of critiques . Orwell 's futuristic novel makes one contemplate a world in which various elements of humanity -- memories , important events , identities , personalities , family experiences -- are rendered obsolete and transparent . 1984 's afterword poses a question that is at the core of the novel
 There have been some great reviews written on this book . I will keep mine short.This is a true classic . There are probably 10 books in my life that I would give the acclaimed `` 5 star treatment '' to . This is one . Orwell was way ahead of his time and this book will influence people for generations to come .
 I have looked closer into our own current events since I finished this book , and I 've found that we are not far off from our own sort of government tyranny , if not already there . It 's pages are riddled with very real characteristics of totalitarianism . Should be read by every citizen .
 *** Caution -- contains spoilers . *** Immediately before I read `` 1984 '' , I read `` Fahrenheit 451 '' . I do recommend reading these books back-to-back , and if I had n't already read `` Brave New World '' , that would be next on my list . `` 1984 '' chilled me . I 've grown up hearing the quote `` Big Brother is watching you '' but never fully comprehended the depth and breadth of what that actually meant.Portions of the book ran dry for me , and a tad long on the philosophy . However , just as I thought I 'd start skimming , things would pick back up and I 'd get involved again with Winston 's life and his burgeoning relationship with Julia . I found myself rooting for them to get out , to perhaps join the `` proles '' , to start and uprising . Keep in mind , I had absolutely NO idea how this story was supposed to end.I had a physical shock when Julia and Winston were discovered . That voice coming out of the wall as I was reading about their quiet interlude literally shocked me to the core . Perhaps deep inside I knew they were destined to be caught , but not in so abrupt a manner ! And that , actually , is what 's terrifying about the book -- how Winston had been watched for years and years , how he was so easily duped , and how quickly life as he knew it came crashing down around him.Reading about his torture and brain-washing was nauseating , because I can so easily see how that happens even now in prison camps . Seeing how people can break another person , reading about how hopeless a situation can be , how thoughts and memories can so easily be changed -- scary stuff . Some may scoff at that ever happening . But a slippery slope is n't called slippery for nothing.This was n't necessarily an enjoyable read , but it was a necessary read . Recommended .
 I have read everything Orwell has ever penned , even his essays , and this is by far his best piece of work . The efficiency of his prose , the imaginative use of language that has become part of our daily lexicon -LRB- how many times have you used the term `` Big Brother '' ? -RRB- . This is truly a treasure and a novel that I read at least once a year .
 Eric Arthur Blair , under the pen name of George Orwell , wrote 1984 because of his concern of the spread of communism . It is a dark , gothic look at what society could become if the spectre of communism led to totalitarianism . Essentially , it is a more graphic and adult version of his Animal Farm , with people . It is told by a nameless narrator who knows all the goings-on in the world of the future , and follows the life of a middle-aged citizen of Oceania , Winston Smith , who is an employee in the Ministry of Truth .1984 is not plot-driven , nor is it based on character development -LRB- these aspects are still present , however -RRB- . The primary focus of the book is the setting . We are given the world as it could have become in 1984 . Of course , we are not in a situation like that , but the threat of such a situation is still present . This differentiates it from other books , although there is never a reason to dislike or fear something new before trying it . Orwell believed it to be the most effective way to explain the world of 1984 , and I think it is effective . If the focus were on the characters or the plot , a high proportion of the messages would have to be interpreted , rather than explained in detail . Different interpretations could mean that certain events make no sense , and discussion would be difficult . Some people may have missed some meanings altogether . By explaining his ` apocalyptic ' vision of the future in complete detail , Orwell is able to get the entirety of his message to his readers . Orwell is a very articulate and imaginative writer . The world he depicts is divided into three world powers - Oceania , Eastasia and Eurasia . The Party controls Oceania , the setting of the novel.Big Brother -LRB- a parallel to Napoleon from Animal Farm , or Stalin in real life -RRB- is at the apex of the social pyramid . He is the father-figure worshiped by the citizens . The Inner Party comprises 2 % of the population , and the Outer Party 15 % . The remainder consists of the dumb masses , or ` proles ' . Any sign of unorthodoxy is dealt with swiftly and harshly by the Thought Police -LRB- a parallel to the dogs , the American secret service or Russian KGB -RRB- . The telescreens that are planted in the walls receive and transmit information simultaneously . The Thought Police use these to keep their citizens under surveillance . Children are turned against their own parents through the use of spy camps and worship of Big Brother . 1984 is partially a look at how easily children can be manipulated and what happens when it goes wrong . Ironically , the people with the least intelligence are given the highest degree of freedom . They do not pose a threat . The chances of an uprising are non-existent because the proles believe anything they are told , and do not take material facts into consideration.Three of the Party 's main slogans
 Do n't know how else to say it ... One of the best books of all time . Will truly make you think about Big Brother . Are we so far away from this ? And he wrote this book way before our time . He was a visionary .
 When I started this book I was a bit skeptical that it would hold up to its reputation . I had talked with a few family members/employee 's regarding the book and was informed that it was quite dull and boring.I 'd have to disagree to the fullest . The book was great . It was one of those rare stories that I connected with the protagonist and really liked and cared about him . There were times when I would find myself thinking how careless and stupid Winston was being . I can imagine that if you didnt like or have a connection with the main character that the book would be rather slow and uneventful . So , if your one of those readers that require optimism to its fullest and happy endings then Id advise that you stay clear .
 I have read this one twice . It just grabbed me from page one.If I could only find more books that do this for me I could be an avid reader !
 I normally do n't write reviews however , this time i feel compelled . I want to start off saying everyone needs to read this book . I originally read this on my kindle windows phone app . As you can see it 's no longer available electronically . When you read the book you 'll understand why they do n't want it to be so readily available . Although most of what 's happening in todays world is beyond 1984 . I ordered & read this three months ago . Then approximately a month ago Amazon deleted it from my phone !!! Totally elligal . They did not refund my money nor did they offer to . Not only did they delete 1984 they deleted ALL my books !!! About eight total . I also was in the middle of reading Behind The Green Mask -LRB- another MUST read -RRB- by Rosa Koire , exposing the governments agenda for the 21st century . I 'm surprised this is still available on Kindle.Well , people i 'm just going to have buy the hard copy of 1984 . The government wo n't be able to steal THAT copy from me!The answer to 1984 is 1776 . Listen to Infowars.com with Alex Jones
 1984 ia a depressing and frightening book because it has been such an accurate prediction of the future to date . It illustrates the danger , alluded to by Dwight David Eisenhower , of the military industrial complex of a paranoid state running out of control . It seems ludicrous to think of the Ministry of Peace as concerning itself with matters of war until we reflect that in the US the Department of Defense -LRB- DoD -RRB- was formerly the Department of War -LRB- maybe soon the Department of Peace ? -RRB- . Ignorance is strength ? Silly ? Just look at our public school systems . Peace is War ? Impossible ??? Afghanistan is the longest war in US history intended to protect the homeland and give us peace and you can tell the current right wing `` Oceania '' is chomping at the bit to get us embroiled in Syria , Iran , or North Africa -LRB- preferably all of the above simultaneously -RRB- . Slavery is freedom ? No way ??? Just watch the masses enthralled by the words of the right wing media not so un-remeniscent of the old news reels from Hitler 's Germany . All we need to finish it off right is to have a daily two minute Hate and a Hate Week like in 1984 and we 'll be good to go ! Yes , Orwell saw it all coming back in 1948 . He got one thing wrong though when the protagonist Winston claims the only place you ca n't be seen is in the dark -LRB- he never thought of infra-red cameras and satelites that can read a pack of cigarettes from earth orbit -RRB- . 1984 is like reading tomorrow 's newspaper today . Great piece of literature ! The only fault I see is that it was advertised by Amazon as a novel when , in fact , it is a documentary .
 I think this book is probably one of the most important social commentaries that one can read to this day.To one degree or another , any and all forms of government make use of the kind of tools of cohersion and disinformation described in the gloomiest parts of the book . The book however , centers around the description of what the writer perceives to be the ultimate destiny for any nation that embraces communism . Orwell himself , believed in the ideals that even in its infancy - Socialism - `` seem '' so sublime in theory , but ultimately and inevitably end in the total control of information , and abolition of the personal rights of the people , as well as the distruction of individuality in all of its forms . After having fought and bled in battlefields for the said `` ideals '' , he had a rude awakening from his dream , and had to face the terrible reality of living in such a system , in the soviet union.It is after this crude realization of his blunder , that Orwell pens down this ` must read ' , devastating slap of the mind.I believe this book is particularly appropriate for the times we live in , when many inAmerica , including some of the most popular politicians , are beginning to flirt with socialism.Weather you take this piece of literarure as a cautionary tale , or simply a deep and engaging piece of reality based fiction , this will surely be one of the most memorable books you ever read .
 C , mon , why do you think it 's a classic?I will say this , I was glad to have finally read it . I found it profoundly sad . It reminded me of the G.W. Bush regime.This book is , and rightfully deserves to be , required reading .
 It is completely irresponsible to force high school kids to read this book . Granted , it 's very important that they SHOULD read it , especially at such a young age when there is a chance they can actually grow up to change the world . But let 's face it
 If one reads this , and even partially believes it , HOW can you say that one political party over another would make the SLIGHTEST difference in your life ? How can you believe that WHOEVER you elect spends ONE second a day thinking about you , or the people who elected her/him ? They do NOT care about you . Period.As the Police said , `` There is no political solution , to a total revolution `` Or Bob Marley , `` Emancipate yourself from mental slavery , none but ourselves can free our mind `` We 're only `` Pawns in their Game ''
 When I read this in my middle teens it did not mean as much to me as it does now.Although it did influence me to ask certain questions in history and social studies classes that went against what was being taught.Of course the teachers promptly shut down that line of questioning . Back in those times the history books pretty much made America look pristine and all other nations seem rather distasteful by comparison.But something in it stuck with me . A smidgen of doubt about things like the whitish dust on Smith 's diary.Now that I am older and have experienced the world , traveled a bit , and have a wider perspective , I can see certain parallels in our own nation that match certain things in the book.How certain recent things done in the last decade can eventually make our nation into something similar to what is described in the book.I envy the teens of today because they see things in their youth that my peers and I could not fathom at that age.But growing up in an impoverished ghetto does not leave much room for thinking . sort of like the ` proles ' in the story.I 'd recommend this book to anyone.Cheers .
 This novel is stunning . the oppressive world that G. Orwell created is so different and operates on its own rules and laws that it seems to be a completely different universe , connected only flimsily and yet solidly to our own world by basic human actions and desires.If you are interested in similar novels , check out `` Drosophila . `` NX Sapien .
 You want to get the unabridged ! It 's worth it , and especially now ; reading this as if you 've never read it before . It is like seeing the world as we see it .
 I believe this is a book which should be read every 5 years by everyone over age 16 or so in the free world !!! It is very enlightening and frightening . By following one unlucky man 's daily life in the fictional year 1984 -LRB- it was written well before that -RRB- , it draws a terrifying picture of what can happen if a totally authoritarian and restrictive government expands enough to take over every single aspect of a person 's life . It will haunt you over and over -- A MUST READ novel !!!! Well-written , too !
 The power of Eric Blair 's -LRB- a.k.a. George Orwell -RRB- 1984 has changed my life ever since I read it a few years ago . The political structure of Oceana is based on totalitarianism . The system is controlled by Big Brother , who 's personage appears everywhere throughout Oceana . Winston Smith is a member of the party who works at the Ministry of Truth . Orwell masterpiece is his creation of Oceana 's vocabulary . The people are truly convince of Big Brother , not knowing that the system is upheld by everyone watching everyone else . Winston 's job is to erase past defectors of the party , all while promoting Big Brother . Big Brother dumbs down the population by incorporating a national dictionary with words that severely limits any real discourse . The novel is a dystopian masterpiece . Many feel we have surpassed 1984 in scope , do not believe them . Big Brother and total surveillance exist . Orwell 's vision of 1984 is nothing short of prophetic !
 A totalitarian , dis-utopian world , undemocractic , controlled , inhumane ... yes this is the world that 1984 describes in its vivacity . A bleek account of things to come in some way , shape or form , or nonsense , you decide , but read this book you must !!!
 WAR IS PEACE ! FREEDOM IS SLAVERY ! IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH ! These are the slogans of the party . Written by George Orwell , 1984 is set in a futuristic London where a totalitarian regime holds all in check . Cameras observe one 's movements and telescreens broadcast news flashes with periodic two minutes of hate while monitoring activities and speech . The language of Newspeak is invented to eliminate free thought . None are safe from the grasp of Big Brother . In this classic piece of literature , George Orwell is able to point out the terrors and follies of a rampant totalitarian juggernaut through the eyes of Winston Smith . As a member of the ruling party , Winston conjures thoughts of a revolution from the oppression of Big Brother while fearing the might of the Thought Police , the ultimate institution for eliminating free thought . With Winston 's strong desire for the fall of the oppressive totalitarian government imposed by Big Brother , constant fear of the Thought Police and the numerous stories of their late night abductions strike less fear in his heart , for he already thinks of himself as dead.With a detailed narration of Winston 's surroundings , actions , and thoughts , Orwell is able to present to the reader the concept of the oppression caused Big Brother and the possibilities of the injustices caused by the tyranny of totalitarian regimes . Winston 's contemplative nature is emphasized by his many decisions to fulfill the rebellious fire ignited by a series of observations . Many of his numerous menial observations revolve around the examination of individuals around him , including his future love interest Julia . His rebellious nature , along with his hopeless value for life , forces Winston to take irrational risks such as involvement in a sexual affair with Julia , all done to spite Big Brother and its omniscient oppressive temperamentOrwell 's enchanting storyline with numerous plot twists allows the reader not only to enjoy a well written story of a battle against oppression but to experience it first hand through the eyes of Winston . Emotions will run high in this rollercoaster of a novel as readers are forced to turn the page and even question individual thought . This provocative dystopian novel filled an unforgettable chain of events makes George Orwell 's 1984 a must read .
 I believe there are some people -- many of whom are artists -- who arrive on this earth to warn us of the future . George Orwell -- a Humanistic Socialist -- is one of those people . I write in the present tense because although Mr. Orwell has left us , his masterpiece works such as 1984 and Animal Farm , remain , and probably will -- as all great artistic works -- for a very long time.The warning that 1984 represents is that of impending dystopia -- evil in its abject , Senseless , Self-Serving brutality -- that threatens to take hold of our human society whenever people become complacent . The question is will we heed the warnings and begin taking responsibility for creating heaven on earth -- or will we wallow in this dangerous complacency and thereby enable the bullies to take over for the sheer love of power ?
 It is very difficult , if not impossible to write an original review of a novel that has been as thoroughly examined as ' 1984 ' . However it is a novel that has not lost any of its political relevance and thus maintains its power almost 60 years on . The fact that ` Orwellian ' is now a recognised word in the English language shows the extent of its influence.What is most notable about this novel is the intensity with which Orwell wrote it . In every single line there is no escape from the surroundings of the protagonists , which makes the reader feel as though they are every bit as much captives of the regime as Winston and Julia . The power of this central idea of an omnipresent and omnipotent government is a power that is unrivalled in literature and possibly cinema also . Although this idea was formed in the aftermath of world war 2 and was based on musings on the potential of facism , the idea of the existence of such a state still terrifies certain sections of the international community.When it comes to political commentary there is no better writer to attack a political ideal than George Orwell . From ` Down and out in Paris and London ' to ` Animal Farm ' to ' 1984 ' and throughout his prolific career . George Orwell always remained one of the 20th century 's most formidable political satirists .
 1984 is the story of Winston Smith , an unsatisfied member of the party . The party has control over everything -- life , death , action , thought , present , past , and future . Winston grows to hate the party , but is able to avoid suspicion . He is a `` minority of one '' with his views against the party , but he claims `` sanity is not statistical . '' This book is a warning to society today as we are slowly becoming more and more like the world Orwell predicted . In a world where humans have become more like machines , Winston is an endangered species . He is the last of his kind , and alone he is doomed .
 I can hardly put it down ! It is suspenseful and captivating and written in a way that makes me feel as though I am constantly on the edge of my seat . I did not expect a love story . I did not expect to care . I ca n't believe this was written in 1949 , about a future Orwell envisioned in 35 years . A powerfully sweeping and believable future . -LRB- The only thing I keep looking for is email ... though it has been pointed out that the Party would not have allowed it . -RRB- My favorite line so far
 This book is a great read , but is also quite disheartening . The society described in the book is inconceivable to some , but it 's hard to argue that we are n't moving in that direction . I challenge anyone to disagree after reading this with an open mind.The highlight of the book is a manifesto that the main character , Winston Smith , must read . It shows Orwell 's ingenious insight to mankind 's role in it 's own oppression . I could n't help but agree with so much of what was said , at the same time realizing how much it seemed to trivialize the work of all civil rights activists.Highly recommended , particularly if you enjoyed stories such as `` V for Vendetta '' or movies like `` American History X '' and `` The Matrix '' .
 1984 , written in the late 1940 's , is a shocking look at a possible future . This future is one where independant thought is outlawed and `` Big Brother '' rules over the people of Oceania with an iron fist . One man stands up against this totalitarian government . Can he topple Big Brother , or will he be one who falls ? This book really makes the reader THINK while they read . Today , with our ever-expanding government , this future is not a far-fetched possibility . Do not take this book so much as an entertaining novel , but rather as a warning of events to come .
 This book , first published in 1949 , revolves on a couple of lovers , caught with their independent and suspicious brains and memories in the grip of a ruthless totalitarian r&eacute;gime that claims complete control over bodies and minds of its subjects , and considers as a criminal and a crime whomever and whatever does not toe its line . Not only had its author already written about imperialism and totalitarianism , but he had also fought for freedom -LRB- Spanish civil war , on the republican side -RRB- when he published it . WW2 had recently finished , the cold war was at its beginning and the world had been fully informed about the horrors of Nazi Germany and of the communist Soviet Union . Orwell was one of those Western writers who , though communists , had grown disgruntled with the massive crimes of `` real socialism '' in the USSR , such as the killing of dozens million people
 See ? One-line reviews are easy ! I think everyone 's entitled to offer their opinion of this book without some idiot chiming in condescendingly to enlighten us . And thanks for making the assumption that no one but you knows the difference between totalitarianism and communism -- Such an assumption reveals an over-inflated ego coupled with actual ignorance
 Do not make the mistake of thinking that Orwell was predicting what might come . He was already aware that Big Brother was here and not so well . Since the publishing of this fine book , BB has perfected his techniques . We are about to relinquish with little fight the last remnants of freedom and privacy our parents once had.I read front page articles of people saying that they do n't mind the government opening and reading their mail ! `` I HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE . '' This is the mentality that leads straight to the gulug or in our case privately owned and operated prisons -LRB- the next big franchise business ! -RRB- In the name of NATIONAL SECURITY we bend over and spread them with trembling fingers . americans no longer should be allowed to refer to themselves as the land of the free and the home of the brave . We are neither!If you want to read a book that is even easier to understand , that connects the dots for you , read How to Save America and the World by Joseph Francione . Or do nothing and wait for your your chains .
 This book becomes even more topical in light of the events over the past year -LRB- those elusive WMDs , your great nation kept in fear with constant terrorist alerts , the latest airport fingerprinting of visitors ` security ' measure -RRB- and it seems strange to me that people think this book should makes us wary of the evils of communism.I 'm totally the opposite , I feel the book gives us a warning of what can happen if you are made to feel fear to the extent that you are prepared to lose that ` freedom ' you are rightly so proud of . With the introduction of the Patriot Act -LRB- could n't fail with a name like that , could it ? -RRB- totally blasting that freedom out of the water , this book has never been more relevant or more scarily real . Yes , it 's fiction but considering it was written more than 50 years ago , so many things are actually happening now and we are accepting them because we are ` told ' we are in danger and it 's for our own protection - the book even has it 's very own Bin Laden.It makes it extremely convenient for anyone voicing their disagreement with policy to be silenced under the Patriot Act and not receive any rights whatsoever . Because it 's dressed up with a cool name and there 's the constant fear of terrorist attack , all of a sudden it 's acceptable and what 's more , welcome with open arms.If you have n't read this book yet , please read it . It 's an eye-opener as to what freedom really is , or was , and far from being depressing , it shows the strength of the human spirit to desparately try to protect what 's good and search for the truth .
 The book 1984 by George Orwell was a very interesting yet different book . I had read Animal Farm and thought it was decent so I figured why not try 1984 . The book takes place in the future in a time when everyone must obey the law . There are hidden telescreens that are around to view anyone who goes against the law . The book was kind of hard to understand at first because of the language but after the first few chapters I was able to slide right through out . I found it to be very enjoyable because I like the science fiction type genre . Also , it was a different kind of science fiction since it was n't based on aliens ; it was based more on futuristic type inventions and the pros and cons that arose . I would definetly recommend this book for anyone who is interested in sci-fi type books . There really is n't a required reading level but it is probably better for advanced middle school readers and high school readers because of the language and topics covered .
 1984 is by far one of the best books I have ever read . The whole idea is ingenious . What would be the worst possible life be 25 years from now ? It 's just incredible and horrific at the same time . The whole idea of the Party is great . Orwell takes almost every tyrannical regime , unfair religious doctrine , corrupted practice and form of government from history and compiles it into one monster power ; in hopes of deterring people from following the path , he fears , the world is travelling in towards totalitarianism.The best part of the book is the range and amount of depth there is in each page , just waiting to be picked apart by some curious mind like myself . Though despite all these wonderful qualities , 1984 has some gruesome images so it might not be one of those bedbooks for traditional soccer moms . Overall 1984 is incredibly well written and a history lesson in itself .
 In his novel 1984 , Orwell confronts the fears of the 1940s that communism would take over the world . Although the issues found in the novel are framed using hyperbole , his overall message carries much significance in our culture today . He confronts issues such as pride , power , domination , and defeat through his description of a dictatorial `` party '' lusting for power even to the point of controlling a person 's thoughts and emotions.The main character of the novel , Winston , is an ordinary man who is haunted by his distant memory and driven by a suspicion that there is a reality other than the propaganda of the party . He longs to discover the world of friendship , trust , and love of the olden days , which the party has completely erased from all records . But instead , he discovers the cold , harsh , yet bland world in which he exists.My favorite characteristic of Orwell 's writing is his use of imagery . This world that he creates seemed vividly real in my mind , and thus emphasized the desperation of Winston 's situation . Orwell effectively uses settings that are real today , differing only by the fictional people living there and their actions . Thus the story comes alive for the reader . He also uses many symbols for freedom , encouraging both Winston and the reader with hope in a bleak situation.And finally , Orwell 's ingenious mind shines through his work as he displays his intricate idea of what the future would hold . He explains and defends his rationalization , not only through words , but also through the actions of his characters . He ingeniously incorporates these ideas into the fundamental ideas of society , thus creating confusion in the mind of the reader similar to that of his main character.I highly recommend this outstanding novel to anyone who enjoys reading . I personally did not believe that I would enjoy it as much as I did from what I knew of the story line . But , contrary to my expectations , Orwell captivated my imagination through his storytelling . He both challenged me to consider new perspectives on totalitarianism and enthralled me with his methods of writing .
 Orwell 's book is one of those masterpieces that are not only entertaining but are also educational . Author 's ideas have many references to Marxism , Stalinism and Fascism . Orwell himself said that he wrote the book after watching political trends around the globe . Many could also find similarities to the Foucault 's biopower or Baudrillard 's simulacrum . The book depicts life in the totalitarian regime where government not only has control over your physical body but also over your mind . I am not sure if we can compare this book to today 's political situation although there are plenty of interesting predictions that are in some way prophetic . For example book describes how the government used war to create fear and fanaticism in it 's individuals . How the hatred was inspired by selecting various targets in the form of enemies which could either be real or imaginary but nevertheless provided good basis for manipulating the minds of people . The book is both a science fiction and at the same time a social analysis of modern political atmoshpere . Government of 1984 motives for power was simply power in itself . I do n't believe such motive will cause you to destroy human nature within your society to establish control . After all such control is analogous to farmers control over cattle which do n't possess free will and are under total influence of its owner . Why would a government choose to control a mindless body of individuals , zombies that offer no interesting input to society . There must always be a degree of freedom in order for creativity to exist and progress endure . Without any channels present where individuals can let their steam out such systems will collapse on itself since members will become oblivious to the world they live in . The book mentions that government wanted to destroy human nature but in doing so it destroys the very thing that it governs . Anyway the book is a great food for thought and allows a reader many insights into modern day politics and mind set . Anyone even remotely interested in science fiction or politics or just looking for something intellectual should read it .
 1984 is very likely the most important political novel of all time . George Orwell 's classic essentially seeks to portray life in what amounts to the ultimate totalitarian state . The most terrifying thing about the novel is that nothing in it is at all far-fetched . Other totalitarian states have approached Orwell 's `` Oceania '' in the thoroughness of their oppression and the ruthlessness of their grip on power . Soviet Russia , Maoist China , and Nazi Germany all come to mind , and all shared many traits with Orwell 's fictional tyranny . In 1984 Orwell describes precisely how the ultimate totalitarian state would operate , what life under it would be like , and why it might never be possible for human beings to overthrow it.The novel shows life through the eyes of one individual , Winston Smith , a citizen of Oceania , living in Britain , now renamed `` Airstrip One . '' Life in Oceania is unspeakably bleak , with even most of the elite living at or near the poverty line . Shortages of everything are the norm , as the government controls all aspects of the economy with no free market even dreamed of . Love is forbidden other than love of the `` Party '' and `` Big Brother , '' the Party 's leader . Loyalty to the Party is enforced by the Thought Police , whose job is to ferret out anyone who does not conform to the requirements of fealty and single-minded devotedness to the Party . Since Winston is such a one , in the novel he is in trouble . By the way , despite being a political novel intended to make a point , 1984 is also a very readable story in its own right . Orwell 's prose is excellent , and the storyline moves along briskly . This is a very dark story , however , with suffering characters and an unspeakably bleak outlook . Part of this is said to be reflective of the fact that Orwell himself was in failing health when he wrote the novel . In any case , this is not an uplifting novel , for all its importance . The theme of the novel is more or less summarized when a Party leader explains to Winston that the image of the world for the rest of all time , may be summarized as a booted foot stomping on a human face .1984 has had a powerful effect on Western political thought , as a warning about the effects of giving government too much power . Concepts such as the `` Thought Police , '' `` Doublethink '' and other artifacts of the novel have passed into common usage and political discussion . This is a very important novel that shows what could happen to mankind if we fail to nurture and cherish liberty and freedom , and instead allow government to dominate our lives .
 More or less , most things that could be said about this book , have been . So , I 'm going to limit it to an interesting coincedence that I found between 1984 and current day America . The coincedence is that between Goldstein 's `` The Book '' -LRB- a `` history '' & sociology text on the party systems/countries in 1984 -RRB- and modern political books . I 'm referring to the glut of books on the market these days like Franken 's and Coulter 's and Savage 's and on and on . The scary thing to me about The Book is Winston 's reaction to it . He reads it , finds his views validated , and then , ego sated , he goes to sleep and thusly delivers himself into the hands of the Thought Police . Modern political rantings seem to have a similar soporific effect on many people . They buy a book that they know they will agree to a high degree with , read it , congratulate themselves on being active , and then fall to even greater passivity . All one has to do is compare the sales figures of political books to voter turnout on both ends of the spectrum , and you 'll see what I mean . Do n't get me wrong , I do n't believe that everyone is this way , but I 've seen enough of it to catch my attention . This seems to be the real lesson to me , that most people will become sheep if their basic needs are met while they are simultaneously kept under a wet blanket of fear & suspicion . Most people in the world of 1984 simply needed security and food , while Winston and Julia required varying degrees of manufactured rebellion and love/sex before they were comfortable enough to surrender .
 This story is based on a futuristic form of government mostly based on the ideals of a communist government but taken to an extreme . Many would argue that if our own government is allowed to intrude in to our private lives through vehicles such as the `` Patriot Act '' , we will continue to lose personal freedoms , and find ourselves in a 1984 situation . This book describes a world controlled with fear and kept clean and neat by the brain washed population . All have been blinded by the shadows of big brother and kept there by an enormous army ready and willing to die for their cause . George Orwell the author of 1984 and `` Animal Farm '' displays in both books how a society controlled by a totalitarian form of government oppresses the people iti is supposed to govern . If we allow the government to take away our freedoms in the name of fighting terrorism , `` big brother '' will be here . I enjoyed the way Orwell described the people as nothing but brain washed zombies mindless and more than willing to follow without question . The book shows how easy it is for a government to lie to its people , and manipulate them . This book speaks a lot of truth and that 's like a cold bucket of water in the face in the middle of a warm slow peaceful dream . The way he hits you with the truth of what could happen if a government is allowed to ru amock . This book should be required reading for all freedom loving Americans . Overall this book was an absolute delight to read it was interesting and suspenseful .
 Like most kids , I was forced to read 1984 in high school . Like other books I was forced to read , I was predisposed to dislike it . Compelled reading is rarely fun - especially when the book has a `` message . '' Coming back to 1984 all these years later , I am struck not only by how spot-on Orwell is in his analysis of human society , but what a good read the book is in its own right.There is a tendency to be snobbish in literature . 1984 CA N'T be a science fiction book because science fiction books are trash . 1984 is not trash , therefore it is not science fiction . This is Orwell 's principal of `` doublethink '' in action . Not only is 1984 science fiction , it is the best dystopian novel ever written -LRB- I would place Fahrenheit 451 in second place - something about books with numbers in the title -RRB- . Orwell vividly creates a nightmare vision of the future more realistic than anything we 've seen before . The future in London does not look advanced because technology has stopped . The telescreens are the only omnipresent gadget . Instead London looks like what it is - a destroyed Victorian England.It is hard to come to 1984 fresh because so many of the terms Orwell invents have become iconic
 Brandon Alspaugh 's review is by far the most intelligent of all the reviews , but he really missed the point . In 1945 , Orwell saw the signs of things to come . He was not a prophet in the sense of the Old Testament prophets but a man who could relate seemingly unrelated things , what we used to call prescient . 1984 was a year arbitrarily chosen . Of course , some things had come true by 1984 , and others had not and never would . One big mistake Orwell made was to make Big Brother an appendage of the government . Alspaugh is exactly right that Big Brother is the media . He 's a little skewed in leaving out the rest of the media and concentrating on Fox , but he has the idea . The chief notion of the book is embodied in the character of Winston Smith and his occupation , which is the rewriting of history . As an historian , I am vividly aware of how much history has been rewritten in the past half century by the revisionists . But we may yet escape the world of 1984 . There is in the making a rebellion of the proles . They are beginning to object to themanipulation of facts by the media . There are some things the proles know , and they will not accept alternative `` facts . '' Odd , is n't it , that the folks who think for themselves these days are not the most educated class ?
 Imagine if the only thing you had control over , or owned was your mind ? But , even that has limitations . You are not given the freedom to love , learn , or think of yourself . You lived your life in constant fear , knowing that Big Brother was always watching you . This is Winston 's prison . But Winston was a `` freethinker '' - he wants to find out what life was like before the Revolution . He is willing to risk being `` vaporized '' to find the truth . This book is a classic , but the story is amazing - the strength to risk everything to find the truth and learn to love .
 Thanks so much , the book was in great condition and came soooo fast I really appreciate it !
 The ` big brother ' world of 1984 as imagined by George Orwell has only become more frightening with the passage of time . The Patriot Act , Guantanamo Bay , and the erosion of privacy in the last 10 years have all smacked of totalitarianism of the ilk presented in this science fiction classic . It 's not very hard to foresee the logical conclusions of sacrificing freedom for safety . Benjamin Franklin said it best : `` Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both . `` Politics aside , this is a book that has aged gracefully thanks to its excellent prose and themes that are as salient today as they were post WWII . This is a novel that still stands as one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written . Should be required reading in High Schools everywhere .
 The views expressed in the book 1984 are very unique and yet still relate to today . The story shown in the book accurately portrays the needs of the people and how they will never be met in the face of an oppressive government . It paints a clear yet disturbing picture that must be experienced . Very good read .
 Often cited by many as a central text in the fashion of twentieth-century dystopias , 1984 remains a classic in spite of its inextricable connection to Soviet-style communism . While the work does not have the sociological poignancy of Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 , 1984 does remain a telling oracle of the psychological tendencies which could destroy the human soul even in the post-Soviet world . While the text only cursorily treats the rise of the zeitgeist , one can easily glean several dangers which are oracularly pronounced by the narrative.First of all -LRB- and most obviously -RRB- , there is the danger of a lack of human questioning which , given enough coaxing and time , can render man nearly impervious to the spirit of questioning which is necessary to prevent the enslavement of man . While this condition is basically taken a priori by Orwell as a setting for his work , this is the closest point of contact between 1984 Bradbury 's aforementioned work . Additionally , the psychological ramifications of breaking free from such thralldom take two distinct paths , that of hope for change -LRB- even if that becomes somewhat mitigated into the hope for change in an indistinct future -RRB- and one of self-indulgence in the midst of an unchangeable zeitgeist . These , coupled with the final realization of hope which is found -LRB- albeit meekly -RRB- in the lower , ignored -LRB- and therefore free -RRB- class , are the true content of 1984 . While the text is markedly tied to the state of affairs found in a state of established Soviet-style communism , it also narrates the psychological situations -LRB- and outer-methods of psychological suppression and control -RRB- which still remain poignant to a Western society which is on the brink of destroying its own notion of liberty . For this reason , I can easily overcome the misgivings which I have for the text 's nearly direct connection to already-dead Soviet Union . The message does indeed exist beyond that historical fact and therefore comes with my personal recommendation .
 Not too long ago , I read an author 's account of his trip to North Korea . While there he gave a copy of 1984 to a citizen he was temporarily working with . This North Korean worker took it home to read and then hurriedly returned it the next day . A book like that could get him killed , just like ` the book ' in 1984 could do the same to the main character , Winston.It does n't take much time for a society to fall into a dictatorship or a communist regime . We 've seen this happen throughout history , even to once democratic societies . 1984 is a fitting read for our time . It is a warning to all free societies ; this could happen to you ! It is very easy and disconcerting , to see the similarities in Winston 's ` Big Brother ' and our own governments . Big Brother has ` Newspeak ' . We have ` Political Correctness ' . Big Brother has ` Doublethink ' and we have conflicting thoughts that are upheld as well ; Racism is bad
 Although 1984 has come and gone , this book is still just as plausible and important as ever , if not more so . Orwell writes about a future British police state in which Big Brother -LRB- the government -RRB- is always watching your every move . Winston , the main character , innocently tries to learn the truth behind his government 's lies only to find that he might have been better off remaining ignorant . What 's particularly disquieting about this book is that we still see aspects of this dystopian society appearing in our world today . As technology improves , government and businesses have more and more opportunities to monitor what people are thinking and doing . After reading this book , you ca n't help but question anything said by the government . This is absolutely my favorite book , the best of science fiction and a classic as well .
 I first read this book in high school in 1974 . What always remained with me is the little place where the lovers would meet . They felt so safe away from the rest of the world . It was an experience that I came to understand as I went out on my own .
 Because if he were alive , I would gladly murder him . That 's how much I hated this book . Never has a story angered me so much . Never have I felt so livid towards a set of characters . Never have I felt so utterly depressed , hopeless , and betrayed . All of this , of course , can only mean one thing . It 's the greatest book I have ever read in my life . The truths are so beautifully structured that it brings one to tears . There 's no doubt that Mr. Orwell could have been the most miserably , bitter , and lonely SOB to ever walk the face of the Earth . No , much of this book did in fact turn out to be fiction , but I take little comfort in that . There 's still just enough truth in it about the human condition to make me want to step into the bathroom and slit my wrists.Yes ... oh yes ! EVERYBODY NEEDS TO READ THIS BOOK . This is what we are folks . This is human nature . It may not have happened yet , but the race is young . How much time do we have ? Another hundred ... two hundred years ? Our only hope , I think , is that maybe a huge asteroid will hit the earth and destroy the entire planet before the year 2050 . That 's my hope , because after reading this book , quite frankly , I no longer have any hope in anything else.Travis
 1984 is a book based on the main character Winston Smith . Winston lives in a Oceania which is controlled by a totalitarian government , big brother . Big Brother has become so bad that the government has come up with their own language and have many devices to monitor them daily.George Orwell went about conducting 1984 very well in my eyes . This book is a pretty easy read and it really gets you thinking about some things . What if something like this ever happend ? What if we were n't born in the U.S.A. and we were controlled like that all the time ? By Orwell even being able to put that sort of image into somebodies mind shows and proves how good of a writer he really is .
 This is very prophetic and very touching . Greatly change your perspective of everything and everyone around you ! Read it , you 'll enjoy it to the last word . I know , i 've read it 4 times and feel like reading it again !
 I have recently done an essay on 1984 's commentary on society -LRB- now there 's a topic ! -RRB- for my English class , and reading it made me realize that it is truly one of the greatest books ever written . While Communism is n't exactly the `` threat '' that it was when Orwell was writing this , the topic is still potent to today 's society because it 's all about power , and what better topic to represent society when the control of the government is rocking back and forth between the Democrats and Republicans ? The book has one vice , and that is the rambling . Take my advice , do not read all of Emmanuel Goldstein 's `` The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism . '' It will only bog you down , and most of it is unnecessary to the plot . The first few pages of it give you a clear picture of where and who Oceania is and is composed of , respectively . It will also give some info about Eastasia and Eurasia , but otherwise , just skim . Otherwise , the book is fascinating , vivid , and mind-bogglingly poignant . Do yourself a favor and read it , for your English class , if nothing else .
 This is probably the best book I read ... Although it was a bit repetitive in the middle , the plot kicked in . It was pretty frightening , since many things that happen in the world today also happened in the book . The way that the government worked in the book was through fear and torture . They manipulated the way everyone thought by telling them what to think -LRB- much like children are told to finish their meals -RRB- but then torturing them if they disagree . If you read this book , you may feel like you are actually there , and maybe get frightened too.I recommend 1984 to everyone !
 `` 1984 '' is a book which perhaps needs no introduction . It is a dreadful , dreary tome which evokes the very nature of despair in the attentive reader who is also aware of how close civilization teeters near Orwell 's fictional precipice . In a very real sense , George Orwell futuristic view of a world dominated by three superpowers perpetually at war is actually a treatise on the destruction of an individual 's soul.Winston Smith is a lonely man employed by the nation of Oceania 's Ministry of Truth . His job is largely the correction of documents which were written incorrectly ; i.e. , have information pertinent to the doings of a person who does not exist -- or rather , a person who does not exist anymore and who the government wishes to phase out of existence altogether , past , present , and future . The what of this job is making someone an unperson , a concept which is both noun and verb.Citizens are always watched and closely monitored by Big Brother , an omnipresent , omniscient representation of the Party leader . Even dissenting thoughts , thoughtcrime , are punishable offenses . Winston Smith is cursed with an above-average intellect and ability to remember things ... such as , in direct opposition to Party rhetoric , Oceania has NOT in fact always been at war with Eurasia -LRB- one of the other three superpowers -RRB- . This , slowly , eats into his psyche until he commits two grand offenses contradictory to Party dogma
 When I was an undergraduate at UCLA many years ago it was fashionable to compare and contrast the two famous dystopian novels , 1984 by George Orwell and the earlier Brave New World by Aldous Huxley . Orwell was writing in reaction to communism with which he had become disillusioned while Huxley wrote in reaction to eugenics and the classical conditioning ideas derived from Pavlov and the behaviorists.Which novel more realistically predicted the future ? Which one gave a better critique of the world at the time of its writing ? Which novel was more fun to read ? All science fiction is grounded in the present of course and reflects to a lesser or greater degree not only the author 's extrapolations from that present but his or her understanding of the world in which we live.Orwell wrote 1984 in 1948 . His was not strictly intended as a prediction of any kind but a warning . We thought of it as a prediction though , and in the mid-sixties when I was at UCLA there was a tendency to favor Huxley since 1984 was less than a generation away and it did n't look like the dreary hell of Oceania and the thought police had any chance of materializing that soon . Clearly the feel good , feelie , drug-infused mindlessness of Brave New World was much more likely even if probably much more than a generation away.So we decided Huxley had more realistically predicted the future -LRB- great seers that we were -RRB- . But as to which one gave a better critique of the present , we were in agreement
 Being the 1231st person to review Orwell 's classic , I doubt there is much I can say that has n't been said already . Then I will simply say that this is the best book I have ever read . I never read for pleasure until I picked this up and started reading . Then , I was hooked . Since then I 've been a certifiable bookworm and have rediscovered the power of reading.And you should read it , for Orwell 's classic has seeped into popular culture , from the `` 1984 '' Macintosh commercial , to the constant accusations of Orwellian abuses of power by our sanctimonious politicians . Read this book and see what they 're talking about . And , despite some people 's beliefs that traffic light cameras , security cameras , and wiretapping of terrorists is the start of a precipitous descent toward `` 1984 , '' I thank my lucky stars that we live in a free society . I cringe to think of what life must have been like in Stalinist Russia , where `` 1984 '' was much closer to a reality .
 There are only two type of people in the world . Those who have read 1984 , and those that should . That 's all the recommendation I 'm going to give , as either you 've heard of this book or there 's no hope for you at all . Buy it , borrow it , steal it ... whatever it takes , all thinking people owe it to themselves to experience Orwell 's classic.So I 'm not going to summarize the book , it 's that much of a classic . If you do n't have some dim idea of what Big Brother represents , my review is n't going to help you . Instead , I want to talk about my impressions , my ideas , and my thoughts about this amazing vision.I think that Orwell 's book is gaining more relevance in the modern American world , and that 's a really frightening thought . We live in an age of the Patriot act , which allows the government to monitor its citizens in what they do , allowing unprecedented access to private information . Yet , what is a patriot ? An individual who performs exempliary service to their govenment as an ideal ... yet , the first patriots were criminals . They were hunted for rebellion or for spreading harmful propaganda against the British monarchy . Now we have a government that could theoretically punish ` patriots ' , yet calls up images of protection and defense ... I do n't know about you , but that sounds like doublethink to me.We live in the age of newspeak . Police actions instead of wars , government jargon instead of truth ... decidedly , we have been so blindsided by the new language of the administration that it is hard to understand just what is meant by what they say . And this has been the truth of all administrations since early in this century . Not a new thing , but it is getting worse . All jargon does is obscure the truth . With the fog of langauge separating reality from speech , honesty becomes impossible.Autonomy is dead . Individuals can not operate in our society . It has been set up that only groups and parties can exist , and individuals are drown out in the voices of larger parties . People are given their say , and that say is to continue their slavery . People as a society do not know how to shrug off the status quo . Thus , democracy does not know how to shrug off the status quo . The people do n't know what 's good for them , and that creates the situation of 1984 . There is a simple truth ... if people did n't want to be oppressed , they would n't be . The public is too many , the oppressors too few , but democracy rules and we are oppressed because we allow ourselves to be . The future is in the proles , but the situation is still the same , and they do nothing.And what solution does Orwell give us ? A possible awakening of the proles years and years from now , maybe . But other than that , there seems to be no end to the trap . Indeed , I think the only freedom is that offered not by Orwell , but by Huxley in Brave New World . But that 's a story for another day ... I urge you to read this book , and above all to think about it , and form your own opinions . Because individualism is the only freedom we have left . And to give it up is to become the enemy of all intelligence , freedom , and hope .
 This is an excellent book that really makes you question the type of a world you live in . You will question your own existence , and what you stand for and represent . For those of you who have thought that you live in a `` free society '' . . think again ! This is a book for you to read and tell me Are you really FREE?To me , it was amazing to see that Orwell had the foresight to capture what the world would be like ... and when you read this book you realize that we are heading more and more towards the way he thought the future would be.What I will always remember about this book : `` War is Peace , Freedom is Slavery , Ignorance is Strength ''
 1984 is one of those books you 're supposed to read in school , the kind that all the weird , geeky kids with Chuck Taylor All Stars and too much acne read while ranting about The Man . It 's a well-known manifesto of those playing at anti-government , anti-establishment , brandishing about their membership cards for the Society for Creative Anarchy . This is n't for the kids that read trashy romances or pulp novels
 Orwell wanted to warn his readers about the danger of totalitarian regimes . The promises of the fascist and nazi ideologies had misled millions and thrown the world into the ravages of the second world war . Stalinist Soviet Union was seen by many as a model state . Orwell knew far too well what was hidden beneath the promises of security , bread , and jobs for all .1984 has become a household name as few other books ; who does not know about Big Brother , or the Thought Police , nowadays ? Even the title has become a catchphrase . I do not know any other cult-book that has been so thoroughly ripped apart by other famous authors ; I remember Isaac Asimov thrashing it in the nineteen-eighties for instance . Many seem to believe that the society described by Orwell is an impossibility . The problem with the book is that Orwell thought his society would be a product of revolutions . When instead , in reality , the changes creep upon us . A new law here , a small change to statutes there.The most obvious paralell to the book we have now is , of course , the war on terror . We have from top officials that it is going to go on for a long time , and that it is , essentially , unwinable . Readers of 1984 of course recognize the eternal war described in the book . Another paralell is how history changes ; Winston Smith 's job is to rewrite history so that it suits the present situation . Do n't we recognize that ? In the ninetenn-eighties , Iraq was our ally ; now , Iraq has always been our enemy . Thought Police , I need not even mention this ; the administration knows everything about us , and is prepared to use it.We even have paralells to the Anti-Sex movement ! The list can just go on.Orwell 's book was a cry for reason in the aftermath of a world gone mad . As with so many other cries for reason it disappears among the siren calls of our leaders.I first read it over twenty years ago , in a different world ; it was good then - it should be essential reading now !
 This book is a literary explosive , drawing the reader in and then exploding in his face with the realization of how terrifyingly accurate it is . And though it may be dismissed by some as far-fetched , I believe it is more important now than ever before , and should be required reading for kids in public schools . Yes , the famous novel that spawned the famous slogan , `` Big Brother is watching '' is quite realistic . `` 1984 '' tells the story of Winston Smith , a jaded denizen of a nation controlled by a totalitarian government led by the enigmatic `` Big Brother '' that monitors the people 's every action and uses truly original methods of torture and punishment to keep them in control . He begins to break free of the confines of the Party by having a forbidden love affair with a woman , and soon they both become involved in secretive efforts to join a supposed rebellion against `` Big Brother '' . One of the most interesting points that the book makes is the government 's manipulation of the English language . In the book , `` Big Brother '' is working towards creating a bastardized version of English called `` Newspeak '' , in which political deviance is simply incapable of being expressed -LRB- for instance , instead of `` bad '' , the word would be `` ungood '' -RRB- . This , I feel , is hard-hitting in the sense that our language is slowly being manipulated to teach us to say and think things that are far from the truth , only it is political correctness that is causing this and not Newspeak.I recommend this book to everyone , especially those who believe that Communism could work . By the time you finish , you will probably think differently .
 This is an excellent book . Great for anyone who loves political sci-fi novels or is simply in for an interesting read .
 1984 will blow your mind . If you are any kind of serious book reader , you MUST read this masterpiece . It gives a deep insight into the human mind , the fears which lead to failures in society and a bone chilling look at a very probable future .
 1984 began pretty slowly , but I got into it more towards the middle of the book . It takes place in 1984 in Oceania -LRB- London -RRB- , where Big Brother and the Party have complete control . Everyone must agree with Big Brother and the teachings of the Party , and there can be absolutely no evidence that contradicts them . In the Ministry of Truth , our main character Winston alters such documents to keep them consistent with the Party 's lies . The people 's minds are completely controlled by the government , to the point where they would not even question an obvious lie such as `` 2 +2 = 5 '' if they were told so . It 's all pretty terrifying , but it was interesting to see the many parallels between totalitarian states in history , our world today , and other dystopian/utopian literature like Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- although I thought that novel was far better -RRB- . Hitler 's followers during the Holocaust were completely brainwashed by his propaganda , embracing socialism and nationalism as the people do in this novel . Hitler seemed like a savior to the people , as did Big Brother , no matter how harmful they were to their societies . The Party gave them a false sense of security and comforted the people , but the government was still feared . They were constantly monitored through the telescreens , and could not make a single move without being seen , making it impossible to oppose the government . Because they have to constantly monitor themselves , they start to believe in the things they are doing , and they learn to love Big Brother . This was my one disappointment . I expected some huge rebellion , or at least a little more from Winston , after all of the suspense . I was waiting for that F451 Montag-escapes-the-mechanical-hound-and-goes-free ending , but I did not get exactly what I expected . Nevertheless , it was an excellent read and I would still recommend it , especially if you enjoy dystopian/utopian literature as much as I do .
 Having read this book many times in my life , I have to admit that the most recent occasion -LRB- this year -RRB- found me feeling that Orwell 's vision of the future was closer than ever to coming true.My first reaction when discussing `` 1984 '' with anyone is that it is NOT a political novel . I insist it is a philosophic novel . It asks fundamentally the question `` why are we here ? '' It also , however fantastically , provides a striking and disturbing answer
 I love 1984
 It 's been on my list for a couple of years so I finally broke down and just bought it . It 's thick with philosophy and politics but these rarely overwhelm the gripping narrative and impressive characters . I 've been around the spinoffs and derivations of this story all my life , so I thought the original might seem tame , but what was most compelling about the novel for me was just how terrifying and vivid Orwell 's world is . I mean , I could TASTE it . Grim and relentless , yet thrilling and emotional . The some key parallels between Ingsoc and U.S. `` democracy '' today are pretty chilling . `` Endless war for endless peace '' , anyone ?
 One of the best books I 've ever read . How prophetic and relevant to the times we live in . Not only does it scare the hell out of you , but the characters are so well developed that you really care about them . It is a tragic story on two levels , both for humanity and for the individual characters . But make no mistake , although it is a great story of fiction , it is also a warning . It may never happen , but it can , and we are heading down that path.So much has been said already in these reviews , I will just add my endorsement and say that `` 1984 '' should be required reading for every high school student , and then it should be required again in college . If you have read it some time ago , read it again , you will find more the second time through . Peace .
 nineteen eighty four was written by the wonderfull author
 In 1984 George Orwell tells the story of Winston Smith . Smith lives under the rule of Big Brother . His every move is monitored . On the outside Winston is a loyal member of the party , but within Winston rebels . He does not except the propaganda of the Party . Winston needs to be reeducated and taught to love Big Brother.This novel provokes a feeling of helplessness . It expresses the power of oppression and the simplicity of creating truth . Orwell is constantly playing with the emotions of the reader , taking them on a ride with surprises around every corner . The reader questions its views on love , politics , and truth . Orwell 's masterpiece forces the readers to examine their own world in order seek out any lies that they have been presented with .
 This is one of the scariest books ever written . It 's a story of a society where the government is everywhere and controls everything . Big Brother is what they call the government , and they want the people to think that Big Brother is looking out for them , when actually Big Brother is watching every move they make.It takes 20 or 30 pages to get into the book and start to understand the language used in it . Nothing in this book is what is seems to be . For example , they have a memory hole , which is used to destroy documents and erase the memory of the words on those documents . The Ministry of Love is where they torture people , The Ministry of Truth is where they produce their lies , and so on.The hero of this book realizes that things are not what they seem and are not quite right . He longs for freedom , without knowing just what it is he 's missing . It 's a bleak book , but one of the best I 've ever read.If you enjoy this one you should also check out `` Animal Farm , '' by Orwell .
 This 1949 classic has lost none of its punch . With his descriptive depiction of the future , Orwell really puts the fear into the reader 's heart . With his description of a totalitarian socialist regime , Orwell 's masterpiece stimulates a fear that is reminiscent and matched only by The Red Scare of the late 1950s . The most amazing feature of this book is that it still holds relevance today . With America 's War on Terrorism , the Bush Administration has started restricting American 's basic civil liberties , such as a right to trial . This action almost seems to be a precursor to the restricted socialist atmosphere described so well by Orwell . Still if this book has one message , it is that the individual mind is stronger than any government and that humanity and freewill are things to cherish , not taken for granted . This book is a crystal ball into our country 's future and deserves to be read . The founders of our Constitution would be appalled at the current state of the USA and what the Bush cabal is doing to it/us . The ideas in this book are ones that are as appropriate now as when Orwell first wrote them . In this time -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , we have our `` Two Minutes Hate '' with Osama bin Laden . Newspeak , the language created by the ruling party in 1984 , is amazingly detailed and seems feasible in light of our dyslexic Bushisms.It is based on the English language , and its vocabulary grows smaller instead of larger every year . An appendix , included in the book , enumerates some of the terminology and syntax of the language , and explains how the language is designed to control the thoughts of those who utilize it . To bad it ca n't be updated with all the words our low IQ president has created.Many of the principles that Orwell writes about -LRB- e.g. , thought control -RRB- are done in a quite blatant way in the book . In the real world of the 20th/21st century they 're done , only much more subtly . That way , we do n't know they being perpetrated on us . But with the Patriot Act , the boldness is destroying our Constitution.Here 's how 1984 applies to current events : WAR IS PEACEThe new `` War on Terrorism '' is being sold as a guarantor or our safety . While this war is being waged , we 're to accept permanent war as a fact of life . As the unavoidable slaughter of innocents unfolds overseas , we are told to go back to `` living our lives . `` FREEDOM IS SLAVERY `` Freedom itself was attacked , '' Bush said . He 's right , though here 's the twist
 WAR IS PEACE . FREEDOM IS SLAVERY . IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . Theseare the three slogans that Winston Smith hears every day . When I first read this book 35 years ago , the threat of such a freedomless world seemed impossible to me . After all ... we are not Russia . Today , the words of the book are dangerously true . WAR IS PEACE . Have we not started a preemptive war against another country for the ostensible purpose of peace ? IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . Do n't some of our public schools and libraries censor books or resist the teaching of contemporary biology ? What about the THOUGHT POLICE . Today in America , an individual can be convicted by introducting into evidence information that he or she reviewed from his computer in the privacy of his home . The books we read , the videos we rent , the clothes we wear , the cars we drive are all easily accessible by lw enforcement agencies . New technology allows scientists to scan our brains to determine if we are telling the truth . Yes ... BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING US . Listen to this CD , read Orwell , and start a movement that prevents any further inroads into our thoughts and privacy .
 I loved this book , It deals with an -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- communistic country and a man who somewhat doubts that whats going on is ethicly correct.I love the irony in the government - The Ministry of Truth deals with all lies , The Ministry of Peace deals with War & last but not least there is The Ministry of Love , dealing with law enforcement and some of the harshest criminal punishments.In Oceania there is no such thing as truth because records of the past are changed to better reflect '' Big brother `` There are so many controversial arguments in this novel that you will wonder why a government like this , never had a mass rebellion against it , Today a government official makes a mistake and there are protestors , in this book , all hope lies within the proles - the race I find the most American public like in opinions but unlike the American public , have not rebelled against what they find immoral , ethicly incorrect etc. .
 I read this book a little while ago anf found it very interesting . It holds many parallels to the real world . And for some of the other reviewers who said it was boring , Orwell is a terrible writer , and its not at all realistic ... Its not supposed to be realistic , its supposed to be an insight into the human mind . Its not boring if you understand it , if you are too ignorant to get it , then of course its boring , I 'm sorry your teacher MADE you read it , I 'm sure youll be quite content with Dr. Seuss . And as for the comment about Orwells ability to write , you are n't allowed to talk , I had a hard time making out your review it was so badly written.If you are insterested in the government as well as psychology , I advise you to read this .
 A b c d e f g h j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
 A timeless book , especially in todays world . I had read it years ago , and enjoyed reading it again . Recommended for all .
 If you want to laugh , cry , and be scared at the same time , then this is the book for you . The Guardian by Nicholas Sparks is a book about love and suspense . This novel involves a young woman named Julie who is a widow because her husband Jim had recently died ; he had left her a dog named Singer who acted like her guardian angel and was there to protect her . All Julie wanted to do was be in love again , so when she began dating again , she began falling for the perfect guy named Richard . Richard was truly perfect for her , but his constant demands and his bipolar attitude made Julie realize that he was n't the one for her . So , Julie broke up with Richard and began falling for her best friend named Mike . Little did Julie know that this deeply angered Richard which made him do some things that he 's not really proud of . As Julie and Mike had to get through all of the things Richard did to retaliate , they both stuck through it and made their love stronger . This book was immensely suspenseful because Richard 's actions are unpredictable and keeps one on their toes.The author 's viewpoint and main idea is to educate readers and young teens about the art of love and obsession.The author uses a technique of allowing there to be two different perspectives in the book
 I was required to read this in high school , I 'm now a college student and I still love it ! It is one of the best books I 've read . The first time I read it , there were parts I was a little frustrated with , but at the end , I was certainly not disappointed ! I highly reccommend this book to anyone . We all should read it !
 The year 1984 is gone but the portrait George Orwell gives of the control a totalitarian regime exerts on the daily life of its citizens is not . Think about the actual dictatorships regimes in North Korea , Irak and Cuba and you have an idea of the portrait given by Orwell . In 1984 the world is divided in three super-powers , each one of them exerting total control of the lives of its inhabitants via all the means avaiable , turning the lives of them into real nightmares . The mechanisms of control are the total repudiation of love and its demonstrations between human beings , the incentive to finger-pointing , specially among family members , etc. . . The politics is based upon a permanent state of war againt external enemies , with alliances alternating themselves almost in a mechanical way . Thus , power has to be exerted with its utmost potency . A sci-fi still valid many years after 1984 and the fall of the Iron Curtain . A real classic .
 1984 is definitely a book that can generate discussion . The topics form strong and sometimes unexpected opinions . A few parts are a bit dull , such as the beginning , but the plot is quite intriguing . George Orwell utilizes superior language and I loved the way he used one example of `` mind control '' throughout the entire story and ties up loose ends with the concept . MAny different themes are all taking place at the same time , but everything associates with the main `` Big Brother '' government . I truly enjoyed reading the novel . It was a refreshing change of pace for me because I 'm not normally a science fiction reader . Despite all of this , I would n't suggest knocking this book off in one sitting , even if you 're an avid reader . It can get pretty hard to focus . Overall , though , I would definitely recommend 1984 .
 this is a distopic tale of a bleak future under an authoritarian regime ... the book raises certain questions about the direction that progress , governent power , and personal freedom are headed ... I worry sometimes about these despairing glimpses into the future ... were they the product of Orwell 's intuition , or has this book and others like it fueled us into a sort of self-fulfilling prophecy ?
 First of all , I would like to say that I dont usually read ` fiction ' books ... but this one is not really fiction ... I think you understood the main part of the story from the other reviews already ... According to me , this novel really makes you think about the world we are living in . . when discussing with friends about ' 1984 ' , they told me that this book represents our future ... but I have the feeling that there is already some truth in this novel ... When G. Orwell writes about the control of the history , and the publications . . I see some parallelism with the way our medias are controlled as well . . This book really makes you think . . that s what I liked about it ...
 I agree with this review because I felt exactly the same way that he did . While I was reading the book I feared for all of humanity and the possible future . After I finished reading the book my heart also dropped . The review had a kind of half negative feel , which is how I felt . It was a great book but it just gave me a negative feeling the whole time I read it .
 When I first read this book in high school , it effected me like no other book since . What Orwell was trying to get across was not solely the terror of despotism by the way that the spirit of man can be esily crushed by the very people we have voted into office . I highly recommend this book and dare the reader to find the similarities in our society and that of 1984 .
 One of the most frightening and important books ever written ! It is even more frightening when you realize the world Orwell imagined in his darkest nightmares is the world we live in today . You will never watch a NEWS broadcast or read a NEWS paper again without a serious doubt . Orwell was trying to tell us back then where we were heading , today is the proof we did n't listen . Every person should read this book once , before it does n't exist anymore ...
 This is a really wierd book . In the beginning it starts out like any country in a war , but later it delves deeper . The world being controlled by three super-powers that -LRB- if you read to Goldstein 's book -RRB- would supposedly , and I agree , would gain absolutly nothing from all this . The are simply trying to use excess junk . Anyways , Orwell did an amazing job on this book , creating several radically new ideas for the time , including creating Newspeak , Big Brother -LRB- which was the basis for the show `` Big Brother '' -RRB- , and , the worst , Thoughtcrime . Anyways , this is DEFINATELY not a childs book , so you should keep it out of the hands of anyone ignorant to the world . It makes you think of the present , and the future . If you like Orwell 's books you 'll LOVE Animal Farm .
 As I read this book I was struck by the similarities of events in this book , and our own society , and how we seem to be moving closer to this sort of existance . In a world where ` big brother ' knows all and sees all through covert cameras , microphones , and secret police you ca n't even have freedom of thought . Freedom of speech has long since become something of the mythical past , people ca n't even fathom what it could be like ... but , just maybe someone can ? Could there be an underground revoloution ? And can they get away with the horrible thought
 This is one of my favorite books of all time -LRB- and Orwell 's Animal Farm is on that list also -RRB- . I had to read it my sophomore year of high school . If you enjoy reading books that really make you think , then 1984 is a good choice . Orwell has a way of writing so that a reader is interested and challenged at the same time .
 Excellent , Thought-provoking . I was assigned this book in an English course . Years later , I read it again . I will most likely do so again.Winston Smith , the main character , is a man who lives in constant fear of the Government . His job is to break down the langauge we once had into smaller words . History is kissed goodbye ... Yet Winston holds on . He does n't want to be subjected to the vision of the party . He holds on to what he remembers ... will Big Brother catch on ? You will have to read this book to find out !
 Just how far off was Orwell with the possibilities that communism presented . This novel was written so far ahead of its time its scary . Even today , many years after 1984 , we are reminded of this story through qoutations of the book that have become everyday sayings . I would tell you more but I must n't doublethink , Big Brother is watching . Read the book , because when you 've finished you 'll want to read it again .
 I loved this book . I reccomended it to everyone I met . I went to a restaraunt yesterday and reccomended it to 15 people , yes 15 . I choose a book every year . A book that I am going to analyze , this year it was 1984 . I love this book I just really really love it . For any7 read this is the perfect book . For Sci-Fi , for Histroical readers , even me , a fantasy buff find it wonderful!Any way I will leave fellow readers to decide its true worth !
 We thoroughly enjoyed 1984 by George Orwell , and feel that is it a warning to citizens of the consequences of power . The novel provided an eye-opening account of the affects on the individual in a totalitarian system . Orwell vividly depicts the loss of individualism and the conformity that results among the citizens when government is given too much power . We recommend this book to all high school students because it not only deals with the harsh reality of the government , but also with the feelings of the narrator , Winston Smith , towards the system . 1984 has encouraged us to take an active role in our government as voters , and has helped us to realize the full extent of our freedoms in the USA .
 1984 is perhaps one of the best books i have read - Not for It 's literature . Although it is fantastically written , it resounds with warning . Anyone who sees this book as simply `` a book about communism '' may as well set the book ablaze , for he has already destroyed it 's message . The book tells of humankinds self-enslavement , where people are nothing more than machines doomed to produce and consume endlessly for the sake of further production and consumption . The only prevailing human emotions are greed , hate , distrust , sorrow , and loyalty to invisible characters . Any word , thought , action , or a mere facial expression that might make other Party Members nervous results in instant termination . History is nonexistant in the sense as we know it . The Party controlls all records-as the slogan goes `` who controls the past controls the future ; who controls the present controls the past . '' There is no escape . The book does not give a solution to the enslavement , but in its bold and frightening forecast , gives the reader the means to prevent it . Never let yourself be silenced . I highly reccomend this book .
 The book is a fantastic read of Orwell 's projection of a future in which three totalitarian governments -LRB- all equivalent -RRB- rule the earth . I would say the book has two sections , the story , which follows an Outer Party member 's struggle to rebel , and philosophy , which is Big Brother 's Manifesto -LRB- or , one could say , Goldstein 's but really they are one and the same -RRB- . The book puts the story on hold when Winston , the protagonist , reads the manifesto ; I would say that there is flow problem with the abrupt nature of this switch . Certainly the Manifesto is endemic to the book and provides another perspective and history of the rise of Oceania , the state in which Winston lives .
 Have you ever thought what it would be like to have a central government monitor everything you do ? To live in a world where you are limited in what you could say , or even think ? Or how would you feel if your government assigned you to a partner , and you had to breed , for the sake of the government and nothing more . In the book 1984 , by George Orwell , a character named Winston Smith lived in a society very similar to this . He lived in the city called Oceania , during the year 1984 . The book centered around Winston 's life in this communist-like society . His life and everyone else 's around him was controlled by someone or something only known to them as `` Big Brother . '' They were surrounded by signs constantly reminding them that `` Big Brother is Watching . '' Telescreens , or 2 way TV screens were mounted in almost every room , and street . Microphones were everywhere , monitoring every step you took . They lived their lives in constant fear that they would do something wrong , which would surely sentence them to the wrath of the Thoughtpolice , a task force organized by the `` Party , '' to keep order . This `` Party , '' supported , and represented Big Brother . A modified version of the English language called Newspeak was developed which completely centered around `` The Party '' . Its vocabulary was limited to words that only supported the Party . All other words were eliminated . I thought this was a very good book . It was written very well , with strong imagery , and an interesting plot . It was a quick read , despite it 's 300 pages . It touches on everyone 's fears of communism , and gives you a different look at government .
 What else is there to say ? Even those that did n't like this book must at least concede that it 's extremely well-written - and I would wager that the overwhelming majority of those that did n't like this book are either 1 -RRB- too young , or 2 -RRB- simply did n't understand it .1984 is one of the classics of Western literature . If you 're going to read an Orwell novel , read this before Animal Farm . Read both , but read 1984 first . It 's entertaining and incredibly engaging .
 I am particularly fascinated with Orwell 's prophecy that the government would control the masses with pornography and support LOW class prostitution !
 What an amazing book . It is much better book than both We and Brave New World . Besides , Emanuel Goldstein is the greatest !!!!
 George Orwell succeeds in capturing the reader 's mind 's once again as he did before in `` Animal Farm '' . Wheras Animal Farm might be considered a comical satire , 1984 takes another step in as a fictional perspective . In this case , George Orwell takes a stand as an oracle ... he seems to conclude that sometime in the future communistic ideals may come into total control . I believe such ideas evolved throughout his influence during the World War II . It is not a wonder such dire predictions have been described . The book is a amalgamation of fiction , romance , politics , however beautifully combining them into a captivating and original novel . Definitely worth the time to read .
 When my English teacher made a reference to 1984 I knew I had to read it and that was the best decision I ever made ! 1984 is so deep with many twists and turns . Just the idea of `` crimethink '' and `` telescreens '' and `` big brother is watching you '' expresses the deep and futuristic feel of the entire book . Really relating to Winston and Julia helped a lot and when at first I thought it would be to deep for me as I am 13 I actually really enjoyed it alot . But you are warned . Once started you wil not be able to put it down !
 `` Thought Police . '' `` Big Brother . '' `` Orwellion . '' These words have become part of our national vocabulary because of George Orwell 's classic novel `` 1984 , '' the story of one man 's nightmare odyssey through a world ruled by warring states and a power structure that controls not only information but individual thought and memory . A minor functionary named Winston Smith joins a covert brotherhood and pursues a forbidden love affair against the cold , gray backdrop of the Republic of Oceania-only to become a hunted enemy of the state-and of Big Brother .
 In George Orwell 's ' 1984 ' he describes a world that might someday be . Maybe even a hightened view of today 's ` democracy ' . In ' 1984 ' there are really only two classes - that of the party members and that of the proles . But no matter which you belong to , you are really the same , because you are born into a world where freedom is unknown . Born into a world where your future is pre-determined , and therefore , you are ` happy ' in your ignorance . All of your actions and conversations are constantly monitored , and if you dare to challenge the rule that you are put under from birth , dire consequences are known to follow . So you grow up in only one world with only one option - that of obeying . And in your mind and in the minds of those around you , you become so accustomed to this system of unchallenged rule , that you begin to believe that it 's right . This is a story of a man who suddenly awakens to the injustices of the Party . He examines the phsychology of the system and comes to understand just how the Party has manipulated and altered the past in order to control the future . I 'm quite amazed at the depth of Orwell 's knowledge and how he see 's the precense of a ruling class in it 's entirety . Throughout the novel he remains completely unbiased , and therefor gives us a true view of the mentality of government rule and how the working class comes to accept it . The only way that one could possibly dispute this book is if they came into it with an altered opinion , which is exactly what the book describes . This is really a work of genius and can change the way you view your life entirely . It 's something that everyone should examine and study and try to understand . It really is an amazing piece of work .
 This was the first time I had tried the `` futuristic '' genre - and I loved it ! 1984 really made think - it was in-depth without being totally confusing . The characters are realistic and Orwell does a great job of describing how the citizens are controlled in the republic of Oceania . If you ever get the opportunity , read 1984 - you will not be disappointed !!!
 An extraordinarily original and powerful novel , George Orwell 's chilling masterpiece remains absolutely convincing , from the first sentence to the last four words . This book is a remarkable achievement . Sincerely , Diana Dell , author , `` A Saigon Party
 ... you should read every 10 years of your lifeThe 1984 and Animal Farm are the best two books I 've read recently ... they consider totalitarism in the very readable language , and show the frightening future of the world -LRB- creating large blocks such as USA , Europe , USSR , and everlasting war between them -RRB- . The 1984 also talks about basic principles of freedom -LRB- `` It is freedom to say that 2 +2 equal 4 '' -RRB- and involves some other thematics such as birth of love and feelings in general in totalitarism which tends to be free of any kind of feelings.I fully recommend it to everyone !
 This book offers very compehensive views for people who want to learn about how life inside the IronCurtain is like . IMHO , it is so well written that reading it beats reading tons of magazne articles on this subject . As a former citizen who lived in a communist country , I can testify that almost everything that Mr. Orwell wrote in his ' 1984 ' is truth to the point . Reading this book brings back all those nightmares that I had experienced and witnessed there myself . The thing I really like about this book is that although it 's a very detailed piece of work documenting on the evils of a communistic social system , but the large amount of information presented in it had not bogged down the pace of the book at all . In fact , this book is a relative easy and fast paced read , thanks to the good writing skill of the author , the good structure of its presentation , and that sparkling but doomed romance that Orwell had geniously imcorporated into the story . All in all , this is a very worthy book for everyone to read about .
 1984 is a rather grim prediction for the future . The new world that it creates is frightening and surreal . The main character , Winston Smith , does not seem like the usual hero , yet at the same time one ca n't help liking his small rebellion . However , the total control excersised by the Party is alarming in its reality . Although George Orwell wrote this novel as a prediction for 1984 , it is as significant today as it ever was . This book is definately worth reading . The style grabs you , and although the totalitarian society created could be confusing , the novel reads in a way that helps you to slowly understand each aspect of it . I would definately reccomend this book .
 This Book covers `` The Theory and Practice of Oligarchic Collectivism '' which is rule by the oligarchic plutocracy with or without rigged elections or a `` choice '' of 2 corporate owned candidates . This is fascism
 Few books I have read have captivated me as much as 1984 did . In the two days I read it I actually stayed up near midnight and it took me all the willpower I had to put it down and finally go to sleep . I would highly recommend this book to any reader and personally consider it one of the greatest political statements agains communism ever written.George Orwell 's grim tale begins after a future government 's attempt to create a utopia goes awry . We start the story as it pertains to Winston Smith , a man who works in The Ministry of Truth , which , despite it 's misleading names , works on the ` correction ' of ` false ' records . Despite his desires to fit in , Winston is at risk merely because he can remember what life was like before ` Big Brother ' . He knows that much of the party 's propogands is fluid fiction ; he realizes that the party controls individuals by brainwashing them with lies and alienating them from each other.Winston soon begins having a love affair with a woman named Julia . In their hatred of Big Brother , they both decide to join an underground resistance call the Brotherhood . However , the organization is not quite as Winston had conceived , and he and Julia realize just how hard it is to resist Big Brother and the Thought Police .
 This is simply one of the most important and powerful books of the 20th century , plus is a great read.A lot of people I know have read 1984 , and no one ever considered it less than `` great '' . Buy this .
 George Orwell 's 1984 is a true classic . Orwell 's megastate Oceania is a truly frightening dystopia . Winston Smith and his girlfriend , Julia , rebel against a monsterous police state bent on controlling the very thoughts a person may have . Thoughtcrime , doublespeak , and Big Brother are terms we have come to use to describe our real life governments attack on our own liberties . Smith rebels against the maddness and oppression of Oceania by having a secret love affair with Julia , a woman sworn to celibacy for the `` Party '' . After being arrested by the Thought Police they are brought to the `` Ministry of Love '' where Winston is submitted to unremmitting torture and brutality at the hands of his torturer , O ' Brien . O'Brien is the consumate collectivist.He loves and worships pure power and enjoys `` destroying minds '' . He informs Winston that the Party determines ultimate truth and that truth is whatever the Party says it is . He chillingly tells Winston '' Here is a picture of humanity , a boot stamping on a human face , forever . '' a truly wonderful , frightening , but appropriate classic in these tmes of assaults on our liberties . A truly great book .
 I just finished reading CONQUEST OF PARADISE , a brilliant book about the decline of the entire world into a totalitarian dictatorship that seemed as real any I 've ever read . It reminded me of the prophetic Orwell 's 1984 . As the years pass on , the foresight of George Orwell 's book becomes more and more amazing . He writes the book as if 1984 is a distant future year when the government and the press run the present , past , and future . Are we not getting to that point now ? I highly recommend this book to anyone who would like to wake up and see the state of affairs we are in presently in this country , and CONQUEST OF PARADISE paints a frightening picture of how technology may take us there .
 1984 is not just a science fiction story , or a political book , or even a fantasy story , but a book on ideas , a book of thought and philosophy . Winstin Smith is us , men and women who believe in Truth and history , family and love and sex , if such things can be linked together . And Orwell shows us they CAN be linked , because they are freedoms , as important as the freedom to vote or speak . Without the basic rights that even many ANIMALS have , without the foundation of current passions and private memories , a free world can NEVER exist.Maybe I am reading too much into it . But I feel the book goes beyond fears of the industrial elite within Western societies , big corporations and Communism . Or maybe it goes beneath these fears , to the root of them all , which is our fear of losing our way .
 If you want to know what the title of this review means , you really do need to read the book . A technical translation is `` very very good '' and `` very very bad '' , but that is inexact.It is difficult to review this book without making comparisons to current events or using the word `` prophetic '' . It is a world where all freedoms have been eliminated in favor of the bureaucratic order . It is totalitarian , as occasionally one or two people wake up to this fact . There is only one crime , to think bad thoughts , and the main character is guilty , because he remembers the unofficial -LRB- and therefore non-existant -RRB- version of the past.What is most interesting about the book is how , in the end , they completely warped the thoughts of the protaganist so that he goes from wanting to rebel against the government to the last line of the book `` Winston loved Big Brother . `` That a government could progress to the point where it could twist a person 's thoughts is frightening . That people can read this book and compare it to any modern government is revealing.Yes , this book is all the things people say it is , which is why it should be read .
 If you 're buying this book and you do n't know much about it then you 're in for a trip down a pretty disturbing road . The obvious questions it raises about society , government , control , power , unity , trust , and faith in the human character might leave you thinking critically about humanity 's direction -LRB- if you have n't before -RRB- . Ultimately I felt like the book 's strongest point was it 's exploration of what `` reality '' becomes when manipulated by the mind 's interpretation of it . But I think people 's reactions to 1984 will vary according to their own insight into the books topics , especially within the political realm . Without a doubt , a great book .
 I read Animal Farm in junior high and then picked up 1984 because Animal Farm was such an interesting read . Needless to say , I was not ready for the horror of 1984 . Animal Farm tells the tragedy of a revolution against tyranny sliding into its own tyranny but it tells the story through the eyes of pigs and horses and dogs . 1984 not only tells the story through human eyes , but it tells a much more horrifying tale of the ease with which people with modern propaganda and technological tools can form a seemingly invincible totalitarian government with popular support.Although this may sound a bit trite , Orwell also gives everyone reading 1984 a wake-up call about how easy it is to give away freedom and how easy it is for a government to use any decrease in people 's vigilance regarding their own freedoms and turn the world into a nightmare.One of the interesting parts of the book is the fact that the government in 1984 is creating a new language of drastically decreased vocabulary and increased technobabble that will stop people from being able to think and speak creatively or to find the words to rebel against totalitarian rule.However , in writing the book , Orwell himself created an entirely new vocabulary to discuss overreaching and totalitarian government . Terms like `` Big Brother , '' `` thought police , '' `` thought crime '' and , to a lesser degree `` double think '' as well as the title of the book itself have become parts of our vocabulary in fighting against totalitarianism . Thus , in imagining a world in which the government is doing away with people 's ability to speak out , Orwell helped spawn a whole vocabulary to help people protest .
 1984 ReviewGeorge Orwell 's novel , 1984 is classic , thought provoking literature that everyone should read . 1984 relates to many of the radical ideas of the communist era . Orwell points out the fake reality portrayed by the government with his incorporation of such things as `` victory cigarettes and victory gin . '' This story exhibits the reality of life in many small , exploited countries.The exaggerated ideals 1984 expresses , represents the oppression felt by many in the world that is gilded by a thought of true freedom . The story is very descriptive and allows the reader to feel the true emotions that the main character , Winston Smith is feeling . Orwell shows that in our world everything is deceptive to reality . Conformity is the main concern for the masses working for the elite and even the name Winston Smith is symbolic for this lack of individualistic qualities . This book shows the militaristic tactics used by the government of `` Big Brother '' to inspire people to work and keep an interest in the common good . Every four years the government of Oceana started a fake war with one of the other two super powers to maintain the work ethic and inspiration of the slaving people in the middle class . Winston represents all people who rebel against the system and know that the illusions presented by the government of aristocrats are wrong . He represents the middle class which work as tools of the elite and the proletarians are the people who the government leaves to their own ignorance . 1984 holds a great amount of symbolism and connects fiction with the real world . This book is a must read for everyone and to me , quite possibly one of the greatest books ever written .
 For those of you who wrote that this novel does not make sense as a vision of the future , and could never happen , I would just ask you to look at Nazi Germany , the Soviet Union from a historical perspective . But , then again , there are 2 billion people in China who can not speak there mind without fear of being arrested and the government has control over how many children they can have . Thank god you live in a country where you can be free to read this novel . The themes are as true today as when Orwell wrote them . The governments desire to control what people will think -LRB- See Clinton -RRB- . Mans inhumanity to man -LRB- See Serbs and Kosovo -RRB- . Children please read the newspaper once and a while .
 I do n't read many books , but the second I read the first sentence of 1984 , I knew I was teleported to a new world . `` The clock struck 13 '' , `` National Hate Day '' , these are words strong in their own that are n't in any normal novel . Even though it was written so long ago , this piece of work has a true effect on anyone who reads it . There is no doubt at all that Orwell himself was scared of a communist society , but he put that fear to good use when he wrote this World renown masterpiece .
 I , along with -LRB- probably -RRB- a few million other high-school students read this recently , and I must say , this is one of the best books I have laid my eyes on . This will be a book that I 'll remember . Although it may not be very realistic in the present-day free world , It was a very good vision . I would be VERY interested to see what changes and additions would be there , had Orwell known how powerful computers and surveillance equipment has become , although , according to the beleifs of the culture portrayed , development of the computer would have halted by the 70 's at the latest . Oh well . Read it if you have n't yet .
 1984 is the most profound book I have read . At its core is control of the masses . In a free , democratic society this occurs to a more ahorrant extent than in socialist or communist countries as the public is unaware it is happening , whilst a `` clean '' facade is maintained . The ominous image of 1984 is facilitated by our modern day , technological society , and as such its warning is even more general and relevant than it may intially seem . You can know only what you 're told and believe only what you 're lead to believe -LRB- directly or indirectly -RRB- . I 'll get off my soapbox now and let you wipe the blood from your ears . 1984 is a magnificent book and will change the way you think , indicating the genius of Orwell .
 1984 is one of the most book now , but as ficition it 's also fantastic . If you liked it , and if you 're open minded , than you should read other great books , like The Trial . Both of them are very important and clever , read it only if you want to think , it 's not some kind of trash like The Alchemist .
 `` 1984 '' is indescriptable . It does not fall into any categories except for that describing an inhumane society . Winston Smith needs the girl and I think it 's beautiful when he discovers that she loves him . That 's beside the point of the Thought Police and O'Brien . A very sad book with a sad end . Smith comes to love Big Brother .
 I read it in a day . It was a great story , but where people come up with `` must read '' and comments on how true it is is confusing to me . Orwell has some interesting ideas , esp . the vocabulary thing . However , it is fiction . If it is regarded as such , enjoy it . If a philosophetic novel is expected , look elsewhere .
 This book is a truly amazing look at a world of the future . A world where no one has a mind of their own , where a power-seeking Party controls everything . No one escapes the control of Big Brother , not even those with rock-hard beliefs against it.From the first page to the last sentence , this book draws the reader in , and the reader comes out with a new awareness , a new vantage point from which to view our modern world.Capturing Orwell 's convictions about Communism and Socialism , the book is more than good suspense , it is a lesson .
 Possibly my favorite book . It truly makes you think about human nature . The setting is a dystopia that is unthinkable , yet not implausible . There is a section on Newspeak , the language of this world , that is extremely interesting . Not a light read , but one that must be read .
 You may think this is about Stalin and his Purges ... it may be ... but it 's much more . The date is irrelavant , except that it 's in the future of the author -LRB- Orwell -RRB- . Our hero , Winston Smith -LRB- no accident that Winston Churchill and the most comon name , Smith , were used by Orwell -RRB- , has all the right qualities
 When you finish reading 1984 , you do n't know what to do with yourself for the next couple of hours . The themes of the novel are so thought provoking and powerful that it leaves you stupefied . However , the book is more than just a philosophical message . One of the reasons that Orwell 's message is so powerful is because the characters are rich and the plot -LRB- forbidden love in a loveless world -RRB- is captivating . Not only did Orwell have some incredibly penetrating ideas , but he knew how to express them in a very well written story . 5 out of 5 !
 1984 is a book I first read in the 8th grade for my English class . I liked it then , and I love it today .1984 is a book you have probably heard of , even if only in passing . And if you have n't heard of the book itself , you have definitely heard some of the concepts that appear in this book . Big Brother , thought crime , doublethink , newspeak . All these came from this book and have entered into the modern lexicon.The best part about this novel is that it provides us with a look at a very real and possible dystopian world . As we follow Winston through the society in which he lives , we get to see what happens when a government is allowed to rule society , and the picture is anything but gumdrops and smiles . One of the elements of this that always sticks with me is the way in which the government goes about controlling the people . Done through technology and the mystique of omnipresence , Big Brother controls his peoples ' lives and the people are unaware that they are just rats in a maze.Of course , the primary reason I would recommend reading this book is because it forces you to take a closer look at the world around you . In this novel , George Orwell seems to have predicted some of the technologies we have today , and also seemed to foresee how society would use them . Seeing the world he described , and then seeing the world we live causes there reader of this book to take a step back and look at what 's going on in the world today .
 This is a wonderful book that describes a dramatically dark world ruled by Big Brother . Orwell uses vivid imagery to show you an exaggerated world where government has been given too much power . Orwell warns the reader of what government could become without the balance of power . A brilliantly written piece of literature that everyone should read at least once .
 In terms of exploring the human condition in the modern era , this is the great novel of the twentieth century . I first read this book in 1968 , when 1984 seemed far in the future . Now it 's 26 years in the past . The totalitarian regime of the Soviet Union which so much concerned Orwell is also long gone . But the novel lives on for good reason.Orwell 's book will be read for centuries -- when the totalitarian regimes of the 20th Century are as distant in the past as the 30 Years War is from us -- because Orwell is concerned about the nature of reality and the nature of power . Reality , after all , is a construct . We must strive to superimpose some narrative on the events and data swirling around us . This requires the use of language and the use of a context . Therefore , if one controls language and one controls the historical record that gives everything a context , one can control and manipulate everyone 's reality . One can , in short , achieve absolute power.In the future dystopia imagined by Orwell the state controls language and constantly rewrites the past . Words are systmatically eliminated from the English language so that there are no longer any shades of gray . Absolute control over information is achieved so that however ridiculous the latest message from the party , it must be believed -- and if it is not believed , one begins to question one 's own sanity.Much of debate surrounding this book centers around whether the precise dystopia predicted by Orwell will ever actually occur , thereby missing the point . Given the information revolution , the shrinking of the world , and the fall of the Soviet Union , we are less concerned today about the threat of a totalitarian regime than we are by resource limitations . The dystopia we now imagine concerns a constant state of war over shrinking resources complicated by the ability of small fringe groups to use terror as an effective weapon against highly centralized and complex modern structures.But Orwell 's vision is more fundamental . Given the profound ability to manipulate and control the individual , what is to prevent humanity from ultimately degenerating over the next millenia into systems resembling the ant heap ? For Orwell , the individual 's duty is to be constantly vigilant about manipulations of language , ideas , and history that occur in every society so that we do n't take any steps toward the world of the ant heap.This is an absolutely brilliant book , written with great passion in 1948 by a dying man concerned about the human condition . It is one of the few books that everyone must read .
 bought this book after i heard about references to it . this book makes sense now seeing the way our country is going . it starts somewhere ...
 When I first picked up 1984 , by Eric Arthur Blair -LRB- George Orwell -RRB- , I thought it was going to be a boring book that would be hard to understand . I was completely wrong , 1984 kept me on the edge of my seat always wanting to read one more page . There was action , rebellion , politics , torture , and love all thrown into one amazing novel.Winston Smith , a man in his late thirties , lives in dark grimy London -LRB- London is now a part of the state Air Strip One ; which is now a small section of Oceania -RRB- in the year of 1984 . He experiences an extreme dislike for his government of Oceania with its leader Big Brother . Oceania 's governmental beliefs is considered Insoc which rivals the two other countries of the `` new world '' , Eurasia and Eastasia . Winston believes he is the only one in all of Oceania who feels that the government is corrupt and ludacris until he meets Julia.At first , Winston thought Julia was a member of the thought police and was trying to spy on him and uncover his hidden beliefs . Evidently , the two start to interact with each other and Winston finds out Julia is not a spy but another person who shares his hatred for Big Brother . Winston and Julia start to talk politically more and more until they finally decide to join the `` brotherhood '' and try and start a revolution.Will the revolution happen ? Will Winston and Julia be caught and vaporized ? These questions will be answered when you read this thrilling and prophetic book that George Orwell believed the world would be like just decades after the release of 1984 .
 Until last year I had never taken the time to read this book , even though I was familiar with many of the now iconic references -LRB- ie big brother , newspeak , groupthink etc. -RRB- . Let me say that I was missing out . Whatever you may think of the realistic nature of the society he portrays etc. the reason I think this story is a true work of art is because you can not remain the same after reading it . The narrative is so unpretentious yet so powerful ; the description so concise and vivid -- I had a complete picture of the entire story without Orwell having to describe every nook and cranny of his world . This book will reach out and grab you and not let you go . It will twist and grind you , make you care about the characters , fill you stomach with fear and paranoia , and give you a taste for what it is like to live in a totalitarian regime.The only thing which has come close to me is when I took part in a totalitarian regime simulation in high school . I was in a class entitled American Problems , where we took a look at ... well ... problems in American society . One of our activities was to have a taste of no democracy for a week and take part in a mock totalitarian regime . I will never forget this week . I was randomly chosen to be the third highest ranking official in class next to THE CHAIRMAN and her assistant . I was the high judge . I was a member of the party and could sentence people for breaking class rules . We all had to memorize 15 party articles and recited them every class , sing the party song , have meetings , elect new party members , wear our uniforms to class , solute each other in the halls -LRB- this was the funnest , other people were like WTF ? -RRB- . Violations of any of these things would bring severe punishments -LRB- not real of course , no lawsuits -RRB- . Anyway , the pressure was incredible and I actually felt myself getting more paranoid . I tried to get the assistant to THE CHAIRMAN demoted but my two assistant judges voted against me and I got booted.I also successfully ran an underground paper that I posted around school every few days with the help of a friend . We made it look like we had many members in our `` resistance '' but it was just me , heh . Anyway ... you get the point . Nothing compares to that week but this book.A true work of art not only invites you to take part but demands your attention , and will leave you a different person . 1984 is one of the finest novels ever written in this regard . I will never be the same after reading this masterpiece and I can not recommend it enough .
 George Orwell wrote 1984 as a warning to the Western World against the terror of totalitarianism and loss of personal freedom . Through personal observations of Spain , Italy , Germany and the former Soviet Union , Orwell saw how state control of the economy , and eventually fascist political regimes subjected their people to totalitarianism with political terror that included threats of physical and mental torture.Using a fictional story about Winston Smith and his lover Julia , Orwell spins a tail about government regulation gone awry , and compliance with government mandates brought about through threats of torture , imprisonment , and loss of social status . Orwell wraps into this story the intrigue of not knowing who to trust , whether that person is a high level inner party member -LRB- O'Brien -RRB- , a shopkeeper -LRB- Charrington -RRB- , a lower level party member -LRB- Parsons -RRB- , or his children . Having served in the US Army , this book vividly reminded me of the former Soviet Union prior to the fall of the Berlin Wall.In addition , the Appendix explains `` Newspeak '' whereby the political elites change the meaning of words . Newspeak reminds me greatly of modern day 's `` political correctness '' campaigns , wherein `` truth '' can be manipulated or changed by whomever is in power . This brilliantly written book uses a dark , frightening backdrop of a `` negative utopia , '' which reminds readers to cherish the freedoms that we currently enjoy , for the time may come when our freedoms cease to exist , if we do not remain vigilant.Dr . B Leland Baker , author of Tea Party Revival , The Conscience of a Conservative RebornTea Party Revival
 1984 is one of those rare books that really affected me right down to my very core . I was actually a little shaken up after reading it . Going in I knew this was n't going to be a happy story but I did n't realize the lasting impact it would have on me .1984 is a book about totalitarian control over a society . Big Brother is always watching . Always.This story follows Winston Smith . He works for the Ministry of Truth . The Ministry of Truth is hardly as truthful as the name implies . His job is to fabricate history and rewrite it . History has been rewritten so many times that nobody seems to know true history - Winston perpetuates these `` truths '' so that the party is always correct.In Oceana there are no real freedoms . You do n't even have the freedom to think . Right from the beginning Winston shows signs of going against the party . He covertly writes in his journal , which is not allowed but at the same time he blends in , he does his job and he does his best to keep the spotlight off of him . Soon enough he meets a young energetic -LRB- and oblivious -RRB- girl named Julia who is also going behind the back of Big Brother.I 'm not going to go much further into the story , this is something you just have to read yourself . This book hooked me right from the beginning and I charged through it in just 2 sittings -LRB- something a bit abnormal for me , I 'm a little bit of a slow reader -RRB- . I just could n't put this book down.I 'll try to leave the story be , but I do want to bring up one of the more disturbing aspects of this book - newspeak . Newspeak is a language -LRB- or dumbing down of the English language -RRB- that is being developed throughout the book and its the only language in the world where words are being stripped away from the lexicon , rather than added . The new language strips away the feeling of words , for example the phrase `` All men are equal '' does n't make sense in newspeak because `` equal '' would only mean equal in size , not equal in freedoms . The greatly simplified language is being developed to dumb down society , to control thought .1984 hit me like a ton of bricks . I was actually quite emotionally drained after reading it . I 'm typically not too much of a softy with these types of things but 1984 successfully made my eyes well up a bit and may be the only book that has done this to me . At times I almost wanted to tear this book apart , only because I did n't want it to even exist in my imagination - not because it 's a bad book . Yes 1984 is frightening . Very frightening.I 'm currently playing catch-up , trying to read all of the books I should have read in my younger days . If I ever read a better book I will update this review , until then I must say 1984 is the best book I have ever read .
 George Orwell 's book 1984 is a great , symbolic book that makes you ponder the reality of a manipulated world . This book tells a story through the horrific presence of the unknown dictator , Big Brother.I am a freshmen student and after reading this book I can honestly say a message has been received . I now understand what a manipulated world would be like in the hands of a figure such as Big Brother . 1984 is a classic , fast read book that will have you surprised , shocked , and disgusted.The story is told through the life of a man named Winston Smith . George Orwell 's goal to make a negative utopia has been achieved . As stated in a review , this book has become one of the most terrifying novels ever written . Big Brother exploits the citizens of London through television , speakers , guards , violence and power . Through the terror and stress of every day life , Winston Smith , alone and misunderstood , seeks to find the good in life and the bad in Big Brother.This book moves at a great pace and has riveting scenes that make you shiver . George Orwell depicts each character with such detail which adds to the tension and anxiety building up throughout the book . This book cautions us against the gaining power of the media and of the government . The only downside to 1984 is that much of Orwell 's writing and references are hard for high school students to understand . I do realize that many people will understand this novel and be able to interpret the detailed meaning but I am looking at this book from a high school perspective .1984 is a great book that will leave you shocked and troubled . I highly recommend this book as you will experience a thrilling story , but also benefit from its message . This is a bestseller which deserves the honors it has and continues to receive from readers everywhere .
 I found this book to be very revealing , and also a bit scary . Not scary in the ` boogy man ' way , but in the ` this could happen ' way . If he was still alive , i 'd tip my hat to Mr. Orwell .
 An absolutely phenomenal book written half a century ago depicting what life could become by the year 1984 . What a vivid imagination Orwell possessed as he created a futuristic world in which everything is strictly monitored . Everyone in the book seems to be frightened to death to go against the system . I had heard my , `` Big Brother , '' speak of this book in my younger days and decided to explore the novel myself . Complete enjoyment is what I experienced while reading this wonderful piece of literature . Experience it for yourself whenever you can because it 's well worth the time . I would like to thank the reader from Washington State for the recommendation of the sequel to 1984 as I had no idea that it existed .
 Although I used to read books all the time -LRB- mostly teen series like the Baby-Sitters Club -RRB- , I rarely find one these days that I can stand to read for more than 10 minutes . A few , however , I have been unable to put down and one of those is 1984 . This book compelles the reader to think , something so few people do today . It is incredibly frightening to think about living in such a tightly controlled society where one can not even hold one 's own opinions ! To live without love and sex and opinions or emotion of any kind is truly terrifying . The book is so enthralling , I could not finish it the first 2 times I read it . Imagining the depths of the Ministry of Love and thinking about what would await me in my own personal Room 101 gave me nightmares . No other book has produced such an effect on me . It does n't matter how accurate he was about communism or whether or not communism is really bad . The fact remains that it is a wonderfully written and incredibly creative piece of work .
 I first read this book 4 years ago , at the age of 13 , and it became one of the most important influences on my life . When I finished it for the first time , I was simply amazed , and have read it four times since . One thing I 'd like to say about this novel
 This book is an excellent book but it has been misinterpreted . It is a warning of what could happen , not what is inevitable .
 George Orwells , 1984 , was an astonishing book , it gave an insight to what might be , if the totalitarian , reign had made it ; s way to England . His style of writing was very unique and appealing , and the views he managed get across , were extremley profound . Especially , in the end , when he losses all hope of rebillon and begins to love Big Brother , and tyurns his back on his love Julia . He surprised to hell out of me , when Mr. Charrington , and O'Brien , were actually thought police . It was a masterpiece .
 Orwell says so much in so few pages . Once and a while an author comes along and writes a work of art . This is one of those times . Open your minds people , Orwell , Salinger , Golding , Huxley , Bradbury and many more . These books are truly priceless . Read and learn !!!
 I read this amazing book by George Orwell while I was ten -LRB- that 's right , ten -RRB- for fun . I enjoyed it as much as anyone else if not more . George Orwell has an amazing talent that only so many writers posess . He expresses , very well , the things of which he predicted about the future . He wrote many wonderful books
 I thought the book was good to read . It gave me an idea of how the world really could be if it wanted to . I enjoyed reading it . I kept me in suspence .
 this has got to be the greatest book i have ever read.it kept me in suspence to the very last.it can be taken on so many levels . the best thing about it is the ending , where unlike day of the triffids or any other contemperies , there is not one glimpse of hope which is better than `` they live happily ever after '' BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING !!!!!
 This book had to be one of the greatest books ever written . It stands out with books like Ulysses by James Joyce and Gone with the Wind . This book was a frightening prediction that will probably come true . I 'm not saying that it 'll come true in the near future , but in , maybe , 1000 years or so . I do n't want to give away too much of the story , but this book does contain many fictional things , but those fictional things might become factual 1000 years from now . Like , for example , telescreens , mind reading , vaporizing -LRB- which is something you 'll learn about in the book -RRB- which includes brainwashing . I , personally , thought that this was by far the best book I have ever read . But when you read it , read it with an open mind . If you are not thinking strait you may miss out on an important plot twist or quote that can change the story . Again , this is one of the greatest books in the world , and it 'll be bad if you do n't read it with an open mind ; it would be a major shame if you did n't understand this material . The story line could change the way you see things , almost completely , as did mine and my other , sane , may I add friends who also read it . I hope you 'll love it , or should I say I guarantee you 'll love it !
 I read a article about Spycams in MLK Jr holiday . The neighborhood watch was using cameras to protect the neighbors somewhere in CA . Somewhere in the article says '' tracing George Orwell 's 1984 , ` BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU ' . '' or something like that . Wow . I just ca n't believe a 1949 novel turns real in 1999 , that 's 50 years ! If you do n't know what I 'm talking about ... . that 's because I 'm just too exicted . What if a jail turns to a Room 101 ?
 I was scepticle when my English teacher told me that I was to read this book . But from the first words , I was hooked . Orwell 's depiction of a world that would result in total governmental control was a horrifying vision that was all too close to a reality . The Party 's inhumanity and evil lust for power made the book impossible to put down . I am glad that I read this book becuase it gave me an insite into what will result if we give our government too much power .
 When I first read this book , at first my head was filled with suicidal thoughts , at that extent the ending fills one with desperation . Then , I thought
 This book , which should be canonized , in definitly the best book ever . I carry a copy of it with me everywhere . But the thing no one seems to understand is that the book has absolutly NOTHING to do with Winston Smith , but is rather about a self sustaining dictatorship and how it functions . Smith is merely a vessle , a exsample . People who say `` I hate this book '' simply do n't understand it . The Government should hand out copys and make every one read it -LRB- also known as school -RRB- , but those of us intelegent enough to appreciate , enjoy , and understand this book already have . FREEDOM IS SLAVERY
 While the future of what O'Brian said the Party was trying to achieve is ridiculous , what it has already achieved is sadistic and depressing enough . This novel takes you up to thinking the Party will one day be overthrown and then crushes all ambitions of it , best novel i 've ever read
 This book is a true classic . There 's a lot more to this novel than what is on the surface level . It 's not that it 's a true outlook on what 1984 was actually like but it 's a look at humanity and what civilization could be -LRB- is -RRB- like . It 's best put as a `` negative utopia -- not dramas of what life could be ... but nightmares of what it is becoming . '' I reccomend reading Imagining Argentina by Lawrence Thornton after reading this novel . That will truely show you that this nightmare that Orwell has envisioned is a reality in parts of our world .
 Brilliant , simply brilliant . I will resist the temptation to make my review the shortest one here by saying that I think that 1984 , for all of its literary value must be regarded as one of the greatest literary works of all time . The way in which George Orwell composes his purposeful sentences makes us reminisce of the style of Daniel Defoe . Here is a book , similar to Brave New World and We which shows what we may be coming to . A definite read . I could n't put it down for a moment .
 I disagree entirely with the review from `` Chinaman '' -- not only is this a great story , but it IS happening in his country -- and has been since 1949 -- that 's the whole point ! Substitute `` The Great Helmsman '' for `` Big Brother '' , and you have a picture perfect portrait of Red China .
 The entire book was good up until the last chapter , at least in my opinion . Without giving out the ending , I did n't feel that Orwell used the characteristics of his character well . Maybe I 'll need to re-read the book to understand the true meaning of the book because I did n't get it in my first try . However , the book was well put together overall with very strong characters and a strong plot . It 's scary if `` Oceania '' ever became the world of today .
 A passionate , exciting novel of the portrayl of a chilling grim depiction of how government could dominate every aspect of human lives . The motto of the book , `` WAR IS PEACE . FREEDOM IS SLAVERY . IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH . '' These are the statements used by the party to make ocenias society abide to its laws . Orwell uses this novel as a passage to describe the blind patriotism that powered dictatorships , such as Adolf Hitler , Soviet leader Joesph Stalin . Orwell uses Big brother its revered leader of Ocenia , just as the Germans cheered for hitler and respected him as their beloved father . Ocenia uses big brother as their all mighty protector who will watch over the citizens . Pictures can be found everywhere which is a reminder of Chinese communist leader Mao Tse-sung . A fantastic novel
 The novel , published in 1949 , takes place in 1984 and presents an imaginary future where a totalitarian state controls every aspect of life , even people 's thoughts . The state is called Oceania and is ruled by a group known as the Party ; its leader and dictator is Big Brother . Winston Smith , the central character , is a thirty-nine year old man living in London . He secretly hates the Party and decides to rebel by starting a diary in which he reveals his rebellious thoughts . These humble beginnings lead him to greater thought crimes , until he has an organized secret love affair with another enlightened woman . Soon , he is caught by the ever watchful thought police , hence he is tortured and turned into yet another mindless subject of the Party , feeling only love towards Big Brother , and hate towards Oceania 's enemies.My reaction to this book was most likely much less appalling than the average reader in 1949 , because at that point in time this speculative future for humanity would have seemed much more possible . With today 's powerful democracies , I believe that this dreary potential for humanity has very little chance of happening in reality . It was fascinating to think about , though , and raises the question `` what if '' many times in my head . What if Germany had held its territory in Europe in World War II ? What if the world was greatly influenced by the fascist and communist governments , and split up into three totalitarian super-states ? These thoughts racing through my head was very delightful . As for the book itself , it is wonderfully written , with you constantly wondering when or if Winston will succeed , or when or if he will be caught . It is fast-paced , exciting , and ends with an extremely depressing conclusion , that turns Winston 's rebellios actions to nothing , as he turns into the exact thing he fights . This book will entertain , because its fast paced futuristic storyline and intriguing background will make you think about it for days , and speculate as to what really could happen . Highly recommended-I loved it for all of these reasons , and easily finished it in the small amount of time that I needed to for a school project . A definitive page turner.-Alex Bogrand
 I found this novel extremely thought provoking . It is a book every young and old American should read to learn what could easily happen to their civilization or rather what is happening . George Orwell is acting as a visionary in telling a story that is becoming reality more each day . It is frightening to think if the government in our society is not stopped they can become equally as corrupt as the Party in Oceania . The thought that the government not only controls what you are doing each day , but also controls how you think is terrifying.The brilliant novel kicks off with Winston Smith , a member of the Party , climbing up flights of stairs with his throbbing varicose ulcer aching . The thirty-nine year old goes through his life second guessing the Party and all it stands for . Winston starts by recording his thoughts in a diary . After reviewing his thoughts he even wondered if he himself was indeed a lunatic . Through the book he is running from the dreaded Thought Police . Winston became involved with Julia another enemy of Big Brother . They met up secretly in multiple hiding spots . There they exchanged words about their combined hatred for the Party which followed with romantic pleasantries between the two . Inevitably the two are captured and brought to the Ministry of Love where their minds were molded into the stupid followers of the Party . At the conclusion Winston gives his soul up to the Party.This is a must read for all individuals . Even though written as a fiction novel the story 1984 , can be linked to parts of today 's society despite the fact that the year itself has since passed . The way the novel is able to draw in readers and immediately involve them in what events are occurring in the novel , is simply mind boggling . I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a sense of excitement for the book they are reading .
 OK I have been reading some reviews of this book . The book itself , is a fantastic story of a man -LRB- Winston -RRB- who is beaten down by the society he lives in . Unable to accept the Party , he commits a Thought Crime . He gets away with it for a while , but then he meets up with a girl and this leads to his down fall . Now lets not take the story at face value . The book was written in 1949 -LRB- ?? -RRB- just after world war 2 . Orwell did n't actually expect his future society to happen by 1984 , it probably seems like a nice far enough in the future time . We could rename it 2184 and it will have the same effect on its readers and be just as relevant.Big Brother in the book does not relate to some silly 1990 's -LRB- 2000 's -RRB- fad TV show . BB is a political party . Now look around at our society . We have CC TV Cameras , a person ca n't use a phone of an ATM without the government knowing . You ca n't catch a train without cameras watching you . Neighbour sying on you looking for terrorist activities . -LRB- Like the Macarthy era , and now today -RRB- This book is a warning to us from the past about allowing government into our private lives . Will we be a free peole , of a society of slaves to a goverment party ? This is what Orwell and Huxley -LRB- Brave New World -RRB- are trying to tell us .
 I 've been on a mission to read the all time best 100 novels chosen by the `` experts '' and by the readers . 1984 , of course , is high on both lists , so I read it sooner rather than later.I enjoyed the book . I think it 's hard for a book like this to live up to all the hype and the expectations , but 1984 is undoubtedly a masterpiece . While I do n't think it 's perfect , it certainly is close . The only bad thing I can say is that I do n't care much for Orwell 's writing style . It 's a bit formal . I can say the same thing about Huxley , and it is , perhaps , the way English authors wrote during this time . I prefer an author a little more candid , like Vonnegut , or , a little more fluid and beautiful , like Fitzgerald . However , the formality works for this story . The three main characters are very well developed and you are drawn in . I really liked O'Brien , and can see that he is the symbolism of Big Brother . I love fictional books with messages , and 1984 is full of them . It 's amazing to me how well Orwell could predict the future .1984 should be high on your list . Big Brother is watching .
 Out of all the books surrounding the issue of communism , George Orwell 's 1984 seems to stand out the most . Although the year 1984 , the setting of the book , has passed and the author 's predictions have not come true , readers are still frightened by the totalitarian government displayed in the book . 1984 is arguably one of the most controversial books of its kind . Readers question whether or not countries today will ever escalate to the super-states in the book . When the book was released almost sixty years ago , people were drawn to the book because of the growing threat of the Soviet Union . In this thought provoking , realistic , and well-written book , the experiences of the main character illustrate the evils of a controlling , totalitarian government that Orwell warns us to avoid.Winston Smith is an honorable member of the Party . He lives in London , in the year 1984 . He does his job well and follows all of the rules , until one day when he begins to question the government , which is breaking the rules . Winston realizes that he has always subconsciously hated the Party , and he purposefully breaks the law . His thoughts against the Part escalate to the point where he and his girlfriend , Julia , desire to join the underground resistance called the Brotherhood . They are successful in this but are shortly caught , which they expected living in such a controlling government . Winston and Julia promise not to betray each other , even if they get tortured . Unfortunately they are tortured , almost to death , and do end up betraying each other . Apparently no one wins against the Party . Winston hears one man pleading with the guards : ` Do anything to me ! ' he yelled . ` You 've been starving me for weeks . Finish it off and let me die . Shoot me . Hang me . Sentence me to twenty-five years . Is there somebody else you want me to give away ? Just say who it is and I 'll tell you anything you want . I do n't care who it is or what you do to them . I 've got a wife and three children . The biggest of them is n't six years old . You can take the whole lot of them and cut their throats in front of my eyes , and I 'll stand by and watch it . But not room 101 ! ' -LRB- p. 240 -RRB- After being tortured for countless days , Winston finally submits by admitting that two plus two equals five if the Party says so . After this event he comes to love the Party because he is completely brainwashed ; he is , in sense , a slave . This science fiction story is different from many others in that it takes a hold of the reader and does not let go . 1984 is also one of a kind ; its plot is unique so it will definitely be attractive to readers whom have read many books.George Orwell did a phenomenal job making his book seem realistic . 1984 can be interpreted as a warning against governments alike to the one displayed in the book . Orwell wanted the readers to understand that they must learn from history and past mistakes or else become victimized by their government . The main lesson Orwell was trying to get across is that if authority is not questioned or challenged , authority will take advantage . Some people might say that 1984 is irrelevant because communism has already fallen , but they fail to realize that the `` Party '' can also symbolize corrupt leaders , the media , or even technology .1984 is an exceptionally well-written book . It seems to draw the reader in and get better as you read further . The reading is very suspenseful . Orwell also knows how much detail to use , which is rare in authors these days . He is praised for his literary devices and even his poetry in his books . Animal Farm , another famous book by Orwell , is basically one big metaphor with personification mixed in . An example of poetry in 1984 is in an old book Winston finds . This poem is symbolic of the future concerning Winston and Juliet
 George Orwell , one of the finest writers throughout the depression and world war two , has so brilliantly created a novel based on a prophetic concept of totalitarianism . From `` Thought Police '' to `` Big Brother , '' Orwell has defined the potentiality of a future government gone mad . This novel is a classic with all the right aspects .1984 is based on a man 's curiosity of change turning into an adventure through a power structure we come to know as Big Brother , and his obsession of rebellion , however silent , which later turns into a nightmare . George Orwell puts you into this man 's shoes to experience what psychological and physical torment such oppression would bring . You read the text as though it were a history lesson in the future . In the story Orwell demonstrates what it would be like in a power-driven socialistic society . For example
 George Orwell is the name of a modern equivalent of a prophet . He deciphered the writing on the wall and adapted it to novel form.When I read this book I could practically see , smell , taste and detect the sterility of his surroundings as well as sense Winston 's numbness . Not only masterfully crafted , it is stark and chilling social commentary . Had I not learned better by reading this book itself I might have deemed it required reading.In my view Orwell offers what could possibly be seen as a critique of Ayn Rand 's warnings of collectivism and redirects her warning at authoritarianism.Recommended companion reading
 1984 is a book of great importance , no matter the time or socio-political period that we live in . It is a bizarre and somewhat scary piece of literature that relates closer to our current social situation than one may think . I am a college student who has just read this book for the first time . The parallels between Big Brother and our current political administration is astounding , I had no idea . I would recommend this book for everyone . This book makes the reader think critically about our current political environment .
 `` Big Brother is watching ! '' This phrase has been so popularly used that the meaning is now synonymous with issues like `` manipulation of truth '' , `` violation of privacy '' , `` conspiracy theory '' , etc. ` 1984 ' is a cleverly written political satire often induced with dark humour , exploring life in a would-be fascist-like totalitarian future where everyone was being monitored and compelled to keep in line -LRB- ` thoughtcrime ' is a crime ! -RRB- , where the individual could no longer differentiate between truths and lies -LRB- through the practice of ` doublethink ' -RRB- , where history was being constantly re-written to suit the prevailing political agenda , where language had been simplified to the point of uselessness -LRB- through Newspeak -RRB- , where war had to be kept ongoing to reduce economic surplus so that the population could be held under control , and where party ideology had absolute power over a society dominated by fear , suspicion and distrust.We follow the story of Winston Smith , one who disagreed with the party and was secretly envisioning a different kind of life without being under the ever-watchful eye of Big Brother . His hatred for Big Brother and his attempt at joining the rebelling Brotherhood ultimately ended in tragedy and he was captured , tortured and brainwashed . Orwell 's gloomy depiction of life in Oceania -LRB- his future version of London -RRB- is realistic and convincing . The last section of the book is especially thought provoking and really sends chill to the spine . Overall , Orwell 's vision of the future in 1984 is intense and highly disturbing . Although we all know by now that our 1984 -LRB- dominated by the MTV/big-hair/yuppie culture -RRB- has occurred very differently and that the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s marked the final triumph of liberal-democracy over socialism/Marxism , Orwell 's ` 1984 ' remains relevant today as a warning against a post-global age of resurging absolutism and religious fundamentalism . This book is highly recommended .
 this book shows the work and the sensibility of a incredible photographer.so many emotions your can see trough these eyes.Merci pour ce merveilleux partage et pour l'homage rendu a ces Hommes sans abrit dont le regard est si profond . livre magnifiquement troublant . thanks ...
 I saw this book for the first time in a restaurant in Manhattan , last night . The photography is so exceptional that , as you turn the pages , your hand instantaneously touches the image . While continuing to look at all the elements in the photos , ones eyes wander to the contrast of what surrounds the homeless person captured in all his despair , yet continuing to fight to survive , because within him there is still the glory of life .
 Had a paper to do in school and this was one of only around two books I could find . Definitely worth the purchase . Told me everything I needed to know .
 A madcap race through the sixties , and a must for those who are into pre and post stonewall sixties , and all of the mayhem that was involved . This is one of the best additions to gay and lesbian history , because for once it gives credit due to one of the first trans-gender actors in cinema history -LRB- Andy Warhol 's Trash -RRB- . Holly gives us the gift of what it was like living amongst all of the glitter and the headlines of the pop culture decades ... being picked up -LRB- as a homeless person -RRB- from your squat in a limo only to have lunch with Diana Vreeland -LRB- an event Holly once told me about when interviewed -RRB- shows that all it takes is the right shade of lip colour and some chiffon and off you go ! Holly was the third in the trinity of Warhol girlettes that paved the way for RuPaul , Lady Bunny , and even you and I to be able to live our lives , and to be free.One will want to grab a cocktail , and share in Holly 's memoirs of her race , to beat the sandman as she went from one life inspiring moment , to a piece of queer history . Thanks Holly , for sharing with us !
 I 'm a big fan of the Warhol Superstars and the `` underground '' films he made in the late 60s and early 70s . Holly Woodlawn is one of Warhol 's most beloved and long-lasting of the superstars . She really only stands out in one film -- `` Trash '' but it 's a performance so memorable that it 's all she needs for everlasting underground star status . This book really captures the `` Woodlawn Persona . '' Wisecracking , self-depracating , uncouth , dishy , bitchy , delightful ! It 's proof positive that Woodlawn is her own greatest creation . How much credit should go to the ghostwriter -LRB- billed as `` with Jeff Copeland '' -RRB- I ca n't say . But Holly graciously gives him plenty of credit -- and whatever his input , he certainly knows how to write in Woodlawn 's `` voice . '' The Holly Woodlawn story is like no other . She was a product of mixing with the right people and good timing and a ballsy attitude . It could have only happened in the 60s and Holly certainly took advantage of all the crazy things that era had to offer . This book is a romp . An epic . An extraordinary journey . I recommend any admirer of camp , pop art , or orignal , madcap personalities to read this .
 This is a great read . It 's a little sad at times because of the intense poverty and addiction that Holly went through , but over all it 's a lot of fun to read ... . what a life she had !
 I loved its candid , campy humor , madcap adventures , and sixties rebelliousness . Very stimulating reading ! Fun !! Holly 's adventures are priceless . It was great fun living the journey ... Brian
 Dr. Polidoro 's book will be of interest to all who are interested in the medical technology for correcting fertility disorders and in the possibility of human cloning . In an optimistic treatment , Polidoro has produced a fictional chronicle of the cloning of a sports legend from hair collected from a barbershop floor . The relationships between idol , fan , businessman-scientist and wealthy donor are very plausible , and are , most likely , predictive of the type of group that will eventually achieve the first human cloning , although I doubt that the Nobel Committee will pronounce a favorable judgement of it -- and the millionare would most probably want to clone himself .
 my 17 year old son and i both have read all of jack 's book . we think he is a great writer and always look forward to the next . this book was outstanding !!!! he just keeps getting better and better !
 Another great read by Jack Polidoro . Unbelievably uncanny that not too long after reading Project Samuel there is all the bruhaha over what to do with Ted Williams ' body after his death . A riveting novel ! It is scary to see what could and does happen because of human greed . Jack does a remarkable job of allowing the reader to get to intimately know the characters . Once again I anxiously await Jack 's next novel .
 This book by Jack Polidoro is an uncanny premonition of the fate of Ted Williams . Polidoro may be a modern day Nostradamus without knowing it . Seriously , the book is a riviting page turner and , based on recent events in the news concerning Ted Williams and his deranged son , it will make you look at `` fiction '' in a new light . This story is movie material !
 I completely enjoyed this book . `` Dr Jack '' captured the current possibilities of cloning in his new book . It was hard to put it down , especially since I work in the biotechnology field . I especially love the ending -LRB- which I will not give away -RRB- . You will just have to read it yourself .
 Project Samuel is truly visionary and scary . It deals with baseball , genetics , cloning , athletes and science . It just comes so close to reality that it is spooky . The author writes a great story - as with all of Polidoro 's novels . He knows how to spin a tale and make it both entertaining and even educational.This is a page turning book - once you open it up and begin you will not be putting it down until you finish it . It is that good!Good characters and dialog - and of course , a killer of a plot !
 This book was one of the better books i have sat down and read in a while but with recent events happening , you wonder , is this book ALL fiction . Theodore Samuel Williams recently passed away and wanted to be cremated according to sources but was cryogenically frozen by orders of his son ironic is n't it . The book also takes place in San Diego and in boston near Fenway Park where Williams spent most of his life with the exception of the war . A Great book none the less but it makes u wonder , Ironic is n't it .
 Seeing all the baseball superstars who are second generation , i.e. Barrry Bonds , Ken Griffey , Jr. makes one wonder what role genetics must play in the development of an athlete.Genetic research and human cloning which have been so much in the news make the subject of this book inevitable.What if a major athlete , perhaps the best baseball hitter of all time , can be cloned?J.P . Polidoro takes on this scenario and weaves an interesting and seemingly plausible story , albeit with some required suspension of belief.The action takes place in and around Fenway Park in Boston and in San Diego , Ted Williams birthplace -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- where the bio-lab happens to be located.Whether you are a baseball fan or not , you will enjoy this piece of fiction -LRB- or is it ? -RRB-
 Polidoro creates a topical and exciting scenario while exploring the ethical limits of human cloning . The characters are realistic and well-developed , the plot seems to be from today 's newspapers and the writing is well-paced , lively and compelling . Although this is an easy read and an enjoyable novel , the message is frightening - this might really be going on right now . Polidoro 's tale shows how this is possible .
 Polidoro has captured one of the hottest subjects being discussed today
 The premise of cloning from a living celebrity kept my interest all the way through . The author 's love of baseball and it 's heros is evident . I could n't put it down , had to rush to the very satisfying finish . Looking forward to more from Polidoro .
 This is the first book I 've read by `` Dr. Jack '' and it wo n't be my last ! This novel is pure genius ... the plot , the writing , the location -LRB- San Diego is my favorite city in the world -RRB- , the biotechnology , and the characters . The biotechnology alone was fascinating , written in layman 's terms as to not overwhelm the reader with the real heart of the story . The plot was a refreshing change for this medical thriller junkie who has grown tired of the `` uncontrollable virus in the hospital '' or `` corrupt mega pharmaceutical company '' stories that tend to be the norm for today 's medical thriller authors . The only thing I found a little annoying is the inconsistency with the characters ' names . For example , within the same paragraph or page , Mr. Polidoro would refer to Mr. E. Royston MacDonald as `` Roy '' , `` MacDonald '' and `` Royston '' . Not a biggie , but for me , it flows better if the names were written consistently.My New Year 's resolution for 2005 is to read the rest of Dr. Jack 's literary works . This one is a true Nobel winner for fiction -- if there was one !
 With all the news of cloning humans lately , this book is timely , if not prescient . Jack Polidoro 's scientific background and his expertise in reproductive biology show in this novel . His love of baseball is also evident . Jack has a writing style that keeps you turning the pages and will make the plot come alive .
 Jack Polidoro has a writing style that will keep you turning the pages . Jack 's love of New England is evident in this tale of politics and history of a small town in New Hampshire . As usual , Jack finds room for romance and juicy sex in this one .
 I am a nurse and this book was full of wonderful stories of nurses through the years who sacrificed their lives to take care of others . I have never heard of any of them before this book . They made due with what they had in times of war and were put in dangerous positions . One of them was put before the Nazi firing squad for helping enemy soldiers and there is a statue of her in Europe , in her honor . Some of these nurses founded organizations that are still in place today . What a wonderful book ! I hope to get the other books in this collection about pilots , investigators , explorers , physicians , etc. . This book is good for young girls and boys as well .
 I got this for my Mom to replace her 's that gotten ruined . Its a very good read for any one .
 Appropriately for a book on VLSI , it starts with explaining Moore 's Law . Dillinger then gives a detailed comprehensive explanation of VLSI . Beginning with the design and layout of integrated circuits , because VLSI circuits are massive combinations of these . There are discussions on how to scale up from the IC to a full VLSI layout . The pros and cons of a modular standard cell library versus using a full custom approach . The latter can give better optimisation in some aspects , like performance or area on the die . But often at a cost of greater complexity and development.There is good coverage of placement and wiring algorithms . The latter are significant because often nowadays the area taken up by wires might exceed that of the cells themselves.Test methods and design rule checking are also covered . The book ends with a chapter on VLSI processing steps.The book is from 1988 but most of it is still germane . If anything , issues like design for testing are even more important now than then . An update of the last chapter would be useful , giving details on deep submicron processing that did not exist in 1988 . Plus , current state of the art layout may have quad metallisation , instead of at most dual metallisation in 1988 . The influence of this on layout flexibility would be useful .
 This book is just simply the best . If you have allergies this book will give you all of the remedies to deal with it . I STRONGLY suggest that you buy this book . Every house should have it .
 This book is just simply the best . If you have allergies this book will give you all of the remedies to deal with it . I STRONGLY suggest that you buy this book . Every house should have it .
 Well illustrated with many seldom seen photographs , paintings and drawings , `` Record Breakers '' is a excellent account of the quest for speed on the North Atlantic . Kludas ' text is informative and at times technical without being dry or difficult to read . Each Atlantic record breaker since the SS Great Western of 1838 is described in detail and depicted with an original profile drawing , most of which are in color . Some notable ships are covered in less detail even though they were never record breakers . A small section tiled `` Super-liners that never were '' covers several shipbuilding projects which were never completed.Liners of all eras -LRB- Kludas identifies three distinct periods of Atlantic steam travel -RRB- are covered more or less equally , and thus the ten 20th century liners have fewer pages devoted to them than the 26 19th century ships . Just the same , the coverage of the newer ships is excellent and includes little known facts and aspects of each . Strongly Recommended .
 Kludas worked for 18 years in a Hamburg shipyard
 This 1999 German book , translated into English in 2000 , is well balanced between informative text and wonderful art . It is illustrated with very nice black and white photographs and color drawings . Each ship covered is illustated with a side profile - I 'm not certain , but each of these profiles looks like it is drawn to scale with all the others in the book , which visually shows how the shipbuilder 's art has progressed over the years . Accompanying each profile for each ship is a specification of the ship and a brief career history.Note however , that the book is MUCH more than these little profiles - I just found them to be a nice added touch , just like I found the photographs of each man responsible for each ship 's construction . The chapters are broken into into intelligent historical periods and the text and illustration captions are informative and smart.The book conveys the pride that the people -LRB- and governments ! -RRB- associated with these vessels had for their ships . As the author states , the Blue Riband was never a formal competition . As a consequence , there never was an official history kept about it . However , this book does an excellent job of filling that void .
 This 1999 German book , translated into English in 2000 , is well balanced between informative text and wonderful art . It is illustrated with very nice black and white photographs and color drawings . Each ship covered is illustated with a side profile - I 'm not certain , but each of these profiles looks like it is drawn to scale with all the others in the book , which visually shows how the shipbuilder 's art has progressed over the years . Accompanying each profile for each ship is a specification of the ship and a brief career history.Note however , that the book is MUCH more than these little profiles - I just found them to be a nice added touch , just like I found the photographs of each man responsible for each ship 's construction . The chapters are broken into into intelligent historical periods and the text and illustration captions are informative and smart.The book conveys the pride that the people -LRB- and governments ! -RRB- associated with these vessels had for their ships . As the author states , the Blue Riband was never a formal competition . As a consequence , there never was an official history kept about it . However , this book does an excellent job of filling that void .
 This is one of those standards that ocean liner enthusiasts must have . The information is great , the photos and layout are well done , it 's a great book all the way around . I highly recommend this one .
 it 's great thanks , blah , blah . it 's great thanks , blah , blah . it 's great thanks , blah , blah.it 's great thanks , blah , blahCool !
 Do you find it challenging and frustrating to deal with the parent who is - bossy ? - argumentative ? - apathetic ? - intimidating?What 's the best way to deliver bad news to parents?Written for teachers , administrators , and other educators , this book will help you work with the most difficult parents in the most challenging situations . It shows you how to : - avoid the `` trigger '' words which serve only to make bad situations worse - use the right words and phrases to develop more positive relationships with parents - deal with parents who accuse you of not being `` fair '' - build positive relationships with even the most challenging parentsWith vivid examples , this book will show you how to : - handle a parent 's complaint when the parent is right - use body language to influence the way parents react to what you say - make it easy to contact parents during the day to inform them when their children have done something worthy of praise -LRB- achieved a high grade , helped another student , etc. -RRB- - increase parent involvement in their children 's education both at school and at homeDr . Todd Whitaker , a former middle and high school principal is currently Assoc. Prof. of Educ . Leadership at Indiana State University . He is the author of several best selling books . He has keynoted state , national , and international conferences and is a highly sought presenter for teachers and principals . Dr. Douglas J. Fiore , a former teacher & principal , is currently on the faculty of the State University of West Georgia .
 As a new principal , I wanted a book to give me more confidence in dealing with parent conflicts . This book teaches practical scenarios for commonly experienced parental conflicts that produce a win-win outcome . The scripted dialogues and tips in nerve-wracking situations are clear and adaptable .
 Dealing With Difficult Parents -LRB- And With Parents in Difficult Situations -RRB- by Todd Whitaker -LRB- Associate Professor of Educational Leadership , Indiana State University , Terre Haute , Indiana -RRB- and Douglas J. Fiore -LRB- Assistant Dean of the College of Education , State University of West Georgia -RRB- is a straightforward guide written especially for teachers , principals , and others who share a mandate to educate young minds . Individual chapters capably address how to deal with parents that prove difficult in any number of ways including abrasive personalities , hard to reach , excessive anger , and a host of other ill traits and situations . Dealing With Difficult Parents is a solidly recommended emotional and verbal self-defense manual for fostering the best possible learning environment .
 The authors of this book have provided excellent insights for educators , both at the administrative level and the classroom level , for dealing with parents . One of the key benefits to this text is that it provides clear and practical ideas as to how to prevent parents from being difficult to begin with.Most educators are keenly aware of the critical nature that early communication plays in maintaining parental support for the school 's role in their child 's life . However , many , due to time constraints do n't follow through and things wait until issues have become emotional . As a result , dealing with parents can be an unpleasant experience . Whitaker and Fiore show how with a calm nature , teachers and principals can defuse these situations . Some of the ideas require that the educator remain calm and not become emotional themselves , a difficult task to say the least , but not becoming emotional , as the authors point out , is one of the keys to being viewed as a professional.In my opinion , no teacher education program should let their students get by without having read this book .
 The book has many very good points and suggestions for educators to deal with difficult parents . I bought two copies as gifts for colleagues who just started their careers as elementary school principals , and they liked it as well . As with most books regarding education topics , there are some things that are utopian , such as encouraging parents to contact you at home making relations so much better .
 I have been teaching for eight years and I wish I would 've read this book before my first year . It really would appeal to anyone that works in customer service . I learned so much . This is definitely a book to go back and review from time to time . I think building positive relationships with parents is paramount to your ability to be successful in working with their children . If you do n't have your parent 's support , your job will be so much harder . Read this book ! The suggestions are practical . You will learn something that will help you to have a better year -- I promise !
 This is an excellent book for those who find it difficult dealing with parents of students in their school . There are many helpful tips and strategies that will work with all parents as well as the more difficult ones . With new research that is continually being cited on the topic of parent involvement , I am awaiting a new , revised edition of this book . Great to find references to other sources , organizations and researchers who have done work in the field of parent involvement , including the PTA six national standards .
 This text was in good shape , no bent pages , marks , etc. . It also came quickly before I needed it for my class ... and I 'm based in China too . So was a good purchase overall !
 It sure is an interesting book . I am sure that one is never able to remove anything from this planet , as one or a group is never able to leave .
 This book was written in 1935 at the request of J. Edgar Hoover for use by the FBI to help develop their crime lab . At the time , Hatcher probably knew more about what is now called firearm forensics . This book describes how one goes about becoming an expert in the field of cartridge case and bullet comparisons to determine if the one used in a crime came from a suspects gun . It describes all the available equipment , like the comparison microscope , and how to use it.This was used for many years by the FBI as their basic training textbook and went through many editions as more and more sophisticated equipment became available.This is a replica of the first edition and is highly interesting reading , although it becomes quite technical at times . It is amazing how much equipment there was available at that time . Like all of Hatcher 's work , it is well written . If you at all interested in this field , read it .
 Louanne Pig is ecstatic when she receives a Valentine 's Day card from a secret admirer . However , she is now faced with trying to un-mask her admirer , so she can thank him in person . After all , having a secret admirer is very exciting . So Louanne sets out on her quest to find her admirer , but it 's harder than it looks , and Louanne keeps hitting dead ends . Now she 'll never know who her secret admirer is.Nancy Carlson has done a wonderful job of creating an adorable Valentine 's Day book for young readers , in which they can identify with the character . Her short , yet sweet prose on each page is easy-to-understand , and her lovely illustrations depict what is going on perfectly , making it easy for even the youngest reader to know what is going on . This is a splendid new book for children , that will make a lovely present , whether it 's given on Valentine 's Day , or any other day of the year.Erika SoroccoBook Review Columnist for The Community Bugle Newspaper
 Louanne the pig has an age-old problem
 This is a good collection of papers on the science of consciousness . Anyone interested on the field , or someone familiar with it , will find nothing terribly new , except perhaps the clinical papers , those dealing with the placebo effect and somatic consequences of consciousness . This would be a much better introductory text than an original contribution in general.The introduction is about average . Papers on perception without awareness and consciousness in relation to memory and learning are quite good . Bernard Baars presents his cognitive theory of consciousness again . Then are the two really good papers , the jewels , one by Libet discussing neural correlates of consicousness , and a review of neuropsychology and dissociation in consciousness by A. Young , one of the best yet . Then there are the before mentioned papers on clinical matters , the often ignored section in consciousness studies . Max Velmans writes some philosophy of consciousness , and proposes a reflexive model , which I think was a little confusing , for mixing up phenomenology and objectivity . For example , for him pain is in the finger that hurts , not in the brain . But he admits the correlates and presumably mechanisms of pain are in the brain . He holds that pain is in the finger that hurts in a strange pseudo-phenomenological sense .
 This is a good collection of papers on the science of consciousness . Anyone interested on the field , or someone familiar with it , will find nothing terribly new , except perhaps the clinical papers , those dealing with the placebo effect and somatic consequences of consciousness . This would be a much better introductory text than an original contribution in general.The introduction is about average . Papers on perception without awareness and consciousness in relation to memory and learning are quite good . Bernard Baars presents his cognitive theory of consciousness again . Then are the two really good papers , the jewels , one by Libet discussing neural correlates of consicousness , and a review of neuropsychology and dissociation in consciousness by A. Young , one of the best yet . Then there are the before mentioned papers on clinical matters , the often ignored section in consciousness studies . Max Velmans writes some philosophy of consciousness , and proposes a reflexive model , which I think was a little confusing , for mixing up phenomenology and objectivity . For example , for him pain is in the finger that hurts , not in the brain . But he admits the correlates and presumably mechanisms of pain are in the brain . He holds that pain is in the finger that hurts in a strange pseudo-phenomenological sense .
 The Chinese Bell Murders is another of the classic Judge Dee mysteries authored by Robert Van Gulik . This book , along with the Chinees Maze Murders , is probably the best of the Judge Dee books.The plot of this story involves three disparate events , a rape/murder , shenanigans in a Buddhist temple where women with fertility problems are apparently giving birth due to divine interventions , and a corrupt businessman who is involved in a bloody family feud . Along the way , Judge Dee and his assistants have an encounter with the bell that is the title of the story . Van Gulik ties up everything in a tidy package that is engrossing and gives the reader an insight into ancient China.What is impressive about this book is the historical accuracy and insights about the Chinese character given by Van Gulik , no doubt due to his service in the Dutch foreign service and his credentials as a Sinologist . The Buddhist influence in T'ang Dynasty China and the corruption of monks was a constant problem and Van Gulik is not complimentary in his portrayal , which is similar to the unfavorable portrayals of Buddhism by Chinese writers throughout history . Also , the corruption of businessmen in China and the conflict between northern and southern China is well portrayed . Only a Chinese or somebody who is familiar with China can understand the nuances and conflict.As one of the original five Judge Dee books -LRB- this one is the second book in the sequence -RRB- , the detail and the plot are very much in line with the famous Chinese stories of the day , albeit in a more compact form . This lends authenticity and makes these stories better than the later Judge Dee stories , which are still good .
 Rebeccasreads highly recommends THE CHINESE BELL MURDERS in which Judge Dee solves the mystery surrounding the death of a young girl , where all the evidence points to the guilt of the deceased lover . on her wedding night.Judge Dee-Jen Dijeh -LRB- 630-700 A.D. -RRB- was a Magistrate known for his wisdom & wit in China , & his stories were a part of the local folklore . Robert Van Gulik , who had a historian 's interest in China in the early 1950s , was fascinated by the tales of this judge , & finally collected & fictionalized them into four volumes.The wit , ingenuity , & genius of Judge Dee is well reflected . Remember the old tales of King Solomon the Just -- well , give them an Asian flavor , a touch of Old China -- & you get Judge Dee.All of Judge Dee 's books are most pleasurable - - worthy of 10 stars !
 This book is part of Van Gulik 's Judge Dee series of ` historical fiction ' that chronicles the cases investigated by the famous magistrate from classical Chinese detective stories . Despite being written more than 40 years ago -LRB- first published in 1960 -RRB- , the book remains surprisingly readable even today.The story is well plotted and full of historical details of Chinese culture and practices of the period -LRB- the author having been a diplomatic envoy based in China for many years -RRB- . A refreshing change from typical detective novels , this book is and others in the series are unique and deserves a place on the shelf of every mystery fan .
 Admirers of Robert van Gulik 's always delightful Judge Dee mysteries have another treat in store with The Chinese Bell Murders . In this novel , Judge Dee is newly arrived in the city of Poo-Yang , and he begins by re-investigating a case that his predecessor , Judge Feng , could not complete since Feng had had to leave when he was reassigned to a new posting . In that case , an impoverished literary candidate named Wang was on the verge of being executed for the rape and murder of a butcher 's daughter ; however , Judge Dee cleverly and immediately realizes that the real culprit was someone else!As in all Judge Dee novels , there are two more mysteries for Judge Dee to solve before the reader happily comes to the end
 Yet another strong entry in Robert Van Gulik 's series about a crime solving Imperial Magistrate in seventh-century China . In this book , Judge Dee has taken up a new posting in the large and flourishing district of Poo-yang on China 's east coast . The district seems prosperous and relatively crime free , so the judge 's retinue consisting of his faithful retainers Sergeant Hoong , Ma Joong , Tao Gan and Chiao Tai are all looking forward to an easy posting . But contrary to all expectations , the team has to deal with several crimes in the district soon after arrival . A young girl has been raped and murdered with her killer absconding and the judge is also asked to look into a long series of crimes committed by one of Poo-yang 's wealthiest merchants Lin Fan by one of his victims who may have her own hidden agenda ... To make matters more complicated , the judge soon learns that the monks in the wealthy Buddhist temple in the area may be preying upon unsuspecting women and cheating them of large sums of money by promising them that they will be able to conceive a child by offering prayers and money at the temple ! This may seem like an overwhelming series of problems , but Judge Dee with the help of his assistants is able to clear up the various crimes with his usual flair and wisdom . Enormously entertaining , both for its wealth of historical detail about ancient China as well as for its finely plotted mysteries . Highly recommended for fans of the series and even those who are just looking for a good mystery read .
 This lovely mystery shows Judge Dee , the Chinese Sherlock Holmes , hard at work as district magistrate in Van Gulik 's ancient China . As is usual in this series , Judge Dee has more than one case to solve.A butcher 's daughter has been murdered . Her lover , a slight young man from the literary classes , is accused and would have been condemned by Dee 's predecessor except there was n't enough time to finish the paperwork before Judge Dee arrived to administer the district . But Dee notices an anomaly ... and sets out to find the real murderer!One of Dee 's assistants notices something fishy about the wealthy Buddhist temple in town . Dee tells his subordinate that the Buddhists are too powerful in the Imperial Court for an investigation to be pursued . Even more shocking , he appears to accept a bribe from the monks ... but it turns out Dee has a clever plan to get at the truth!An old lady comes into court with a complex legal case and a complaint of murder against a wealthy Cantonese merchant . None of Dee 's assistants can get a clue against this devious man . Only when Dee goes incognito into danger can justice be done!In the end , gristly punishment falls on the offenders and virtue is rewarded ! Mystery fans will find triple satisfaction in this one .
 A Judge Dee wandered into my hands years ago and I really enjoyed the experience . Later , when I wanted to `` read him '' again , I searched for a Chinese detective series with no luck , of course ! I 'm so glad to have finally found him at long last.Judge Dee is dignified , clever and patient
 The Judge Dee Mystery Series by Robert Van Gulik are paperbacks that I keep after I read them . In fact I have purchased every one that Amazon offers . These are superb Asian-flavored legal mysteries , impressive because of the historical accuracy and insights about the Chinese character given by Van Gulik . In this book one of the cases the Judge solves -LRB- there are 3 different cases -RRB- is the mystery surrounding the death of a young girl on her wedding night . Needless to say Judge Dee gets to the bottom of the murder and solves all 3 mysteries . It 's important to note that Judge Dee-Jen Dijeh -LRB- 630-700 A.D. -RRB- was a real Magistrate known for his wisdom in China , and his stories became a part of the folklore of China . Robert Van Gulik was fascinated by the tales of this judge and wrote a fictionalized series featuring the Judge in the early 1950s . If you enjoy well crafted myteries that are full of wit , clever plot devices , action and adventure as well as great descriptions of food and culture , you 'll love all the Judge Dee Books just as I do .
 I have read all the Judge Dee mysteries at least twice , and really love them . However , I have just read a number of books on China and discover that van Gulik has purposefully mislead readers to make ancient Chinese justice just like Western justice and rather appealing . The truth is almost the exact opposite.If you are interested , a standard history of china by harvard professor John Fairbank and Merle Goldman , China A History , explains that the Chinese justice system was openly corrupt -LRB- corruption did not have to be secret - it was and is the accepted way -RRB- , relied on torture of both plaintiff and defendent , had no consistent laws , no equal punishments for the same offence -LRB- everything was based on class and kinship status -RRB- and bascially was just like modern Communist law
 This book begins with an overview of web development technologies and then takes you through advanced techniques . As a web developer of 6 years I would highly recommend this book to anyone emerging in the web development business or those that are advanced in technique . This book was an excellent resource guide in developing many of my sites and is well laid out .
 Volume 5
 I will be returning to Honduras in May and this will be very helpful for me . The size is small enough to carry with ease .
 Its a good book but should be updated.For example remove the info on telegrams & cablegrams.How about some info on computers and the internet ?
 This is one of the best medical thrillers I have read in a long time . Goldberg is a favorite of mine and I was looking forward to this one.The story basically centers around its main character Dr. Joanna Blalock . She and some of her co-workers get exposed to a deadly virus , brought into the country by terrorists.Goldberg is great at describing the action in a quick , witty manner . This book never drags and although I still feel as though they make the main character a little too perfect , she is an engaging character.If you get easily spooked by viral scenario that are all too plausible in `` real life '' , do n't read this.However , is you want to get scared and find a truly enjoyable read , then buy this book .
 As of now , this is Leonard Goldberg 's last book in the Joanna Blalock series and , in my opinion , the best yet . It deals with a very touchy subject
 This was a very interesting book about bioterrorism in the U.S. Leonard Goldberg never disappoints as Joanna Blalock and her crew figure out what is killing people before it gets to them .
 Again , Leanoard Goldberg in my eyes is a master of medical thriller fiction !! Joanna Blalock is a great character as are all his other regulars in the Joanna Blalock series !!
 I obtained this book accidentally , and read it for lack of anything else to read . As a general rule , I do n't like medical mysteries and I do n't like science fiction . However , Dr. Goldberg surpasses both of these genres , and I am now hooked and a dedicated fan .
 The opening passage is a breathtaking description that works like a little google earth trip to land the reader in the ancient Mediterranean , where the story unfolds with ornate language and an everyman struggle about marriage for the sake of expedience , sake of the family or true love . Pamphilus , the main character , is torn in a realistic way and buffeted by tragedy he can not express . He falls in love with a tragic and beautiful hetaira , a highly cultured courtesan who recites plays and poetry and encourages young men to examine how they live . This beauty of this kind of character must have been quite differently perceived by the ancient Greeks because the main problem with her according to Pamphilus ' family is that she is not Greek . After her tragic death , the members of her household are sold into slavery but her younger sister is rescued by Pamphilus ' very just and reasonable father after learning of his son 's love for the girl -LRB- Pamphilus has impregnated her but will not be permitted to marry her -RRB- . This is the portrait of a young man attempting to capture some answers about love and meaning . There seem to either be a scene or two missing or Wilder intentionally left critical events out of the narrative and there is a slightly awkward foreshadowing of Christianity . Pamphilus ' out is presented as a very Christian type of acceptance of his situation informed by Christian love and this feels a bit forced . Other than these minor blemishes , this is a nice little novella even if it 's not terribly filling .
 This is the real deal ! Aging Defiantly tells it the way it should be . If you plan on living a long life-you 'll need to read this book .
 In `` Aging Defiantly '' authors Peg and Dick Purdue offer fresh insights and sound advice to men and women who want to do more than merely cope with their senior years . In chapter after chapter , each based on obstacles they have faced and overcome , they succeeded in convincing this 78-year-old that a defiant attitude can be a constructive one in meeting the many challenges of aging . Both practical and inspirational , this is a must read .
 I was greatly impressed by this book . It has opened my horizons and gives me new hope for the future . The Purdues have laid out a road map on how to live longer and feel better . They point out that age is largely a state of mind and give advice on how to make adjustments so getting older is not a terrifying idea . Thanks a lot , Purdues !
 Aging defiantly has improved my outlook on aging . Thanks to the two wonderful authors , I am in the best shape of my life . After reading this book , I got the courage to change my lifestyle for the better . If I can do it , so can you !
 Stomp your feet and clap your hands ! Finally , a book to make some noise about ! This book addresses the most important issue of our lives-aging . Read it and be enlightened . Read it and live longer !
 I recently bought a lot of phrasebooks and dictionaries in connection with a trip to Thailand that I 've just returned from . Out of all of them , this was the book I routinely carried in my pants pocket.Pluses : o Thai-to-English dictionary as well as English-Thaio I personally find the representation of aspirated consonants with h , eg `` ph '' , `` th '' etc to be more attractive and logical than the alternatives like `` d -LRB- t -RRB- '' etc. . The only problem is people who do n't read the introduction and pronounce ph as f , etc. o Generally good choices of vocabulary and phraseso Useful sections on important cultural featuresMinuses : o No accompanying cd/cassette -LRB- but even when these are available they tend to be poorly integrated -RRB- o Many words used in the phrases are unaccountably missing from the dictionary sectionso Many errors and typos , especially in the toneso Useful sidebars are presented in a disorganized manner which makes them impossible to refer to . For instance , a section on `` traditional music '' is shoehorned into the `` family '' section , and is so long that for weeks I did not realize that the family section continued after it ! Also , such sidebars are not included in the TOC .
 My husband and I found this small book to be a huge help as we attempted communication in the marketplaces of Thailand . I prefer to use books like this as a reference , pointing to the Thai phrase next to the English phrase I want to communicate . Conversely , my husband actually studied the book from the beginning . He was able to learn to pronounce and understand many useful phrases in addition to numbers -LRB- which came in very handy while bargaining -RRB- . We enjoyed this book so much that I am already ordering the Mandarin version for our trip to China in 2005 .
 This phrase-book was very helpful in my last travel to thailand . I kept it always in my pocket and thanks to the thai writings , you can just point the word and the friendly locals teach you how to pronunciate it properly . I gave this book MANY uses , even in the most unexpected situations . USEFUL !
 Of all Thai phrasebooks , this one is definitely the best and the most comprehensive . It has an extensive grammar section and gives valuable cultural insights . It also has a section that introduces some of the native languages -LRB- the `` Hill Tribes '' -RRB- . The romanticization is easy to read and aids with pronounciation .
 Great book book a short trip to Thailand ! All of the important phrases are there , the most important are repeated on the back of the front cover for easy access . The book even gives some culture lessons which I found helpful such as why locals eat with a spoon and fork and how you are supposed to take a sole bite of rice at the beginning of your meal . You can not go to Thailand without this book !
 This is a very compact book , easily carried in a shirt pocket . Which makes it all the more impressive considering the amount of information that is contains . My only real complaint of the book is that though it is organized into sections like `` checking into a hotel '' or `` ordering food '' it can sometimes be difficult to find the phrase you are looking for at the time you need it . However , after having made a few trips to Thailand now , I now realize how good this book is . What I would recommend is that you read through the book before you travel and highlight key phrases you think you might use . Normally , for a phrasebook that might be painful to try to read through it , but this book has a lot of interesting information on Thai culture , customs , food , history , etc. that it is n't simply a list of phrases or a dictionary . And if you are like me and a little slow to pick up languages , you will find the book even more useful after a few trips to Thailand .
 The Earth Bible Series represents a daring and timely new interpretive approach
 I believe this booklet was originally published by Track and Field News Magazine Press in 1966 . It is now available on line - see Tom Osler 's website.At the time , late 1950 's and early 1960 's , I ran Cross Country and Track in High School and College . When I was n't hurt , Cross Country was fun and Track was sometimes nerve wracking and sometimes rewarding.I had a small handful of good results but was not a success by any measurement.It turns out that what I learned later , from Osler 's book , about endurance training was priceless - 25 more years of running and 20 more years of cycling and swimming.Osler 's booklet was a big part of that learning.As I saw it , there was little organized coaching available for distance runners . Most Track and Cross Country Coaches seemed to rely on natual talent and often , inavertently , contributed to overtraining , overuse injuries and inconsistent , disappointing results.I believe there was a large amount of systematic study of this subject in the USSR and East Germany . Results were published in `` sports science '' journals and were often not available in the US or not translated.In hindsight , I do n't know how much might have been usable vs. how much might have been dangerous for serious athletes -LRB- unacknowldeged use of steroids and other experiments in `` doping '' -RRB- or inappropriate -LRB- for fitness runners -RRB- . I had heard the term `` periodization '' but could not understand what it meant.Osler 's little book addressed all of this - how to rest and how to know when to rest , how to push towards better conditioning , and how to avoid setbacks like overuse injuries and mental staleness.There are now large and often good volumes of work on the subject of conditioning distance runners and endurance athletes of all types.In my view , they add a great deal of useful detail , but have n't added many principles beyond what Osler long ago explained very concisely .
 It matched the description to a tee and I think it is so important the young people are exposed to the full poem and song . &#34; America the Beautiful &#34; is a wonderful honorable memory of what our country was meant to be .
 Kathleen Lee Bates wrote America the Beautiful in 1895 on her way to the 1400 ft Pikes Peak , Captain Zebulon Pikes died young like Wolfgang Mozart -LRB- Wikipedia -RRB- . Pikes was an American explorer who found the Red River -LRB- really it is the name , does it remind you of the film Mosses ? -RRB- . It run along the border between Oklahoma and Texas . The Red River joins the Mississippi River in Baton Rouge near LSU . The redness of Red River must come from the red boulders of Pikes Peak . Speaking of Louisiana , New Orleans has the same mascot as Nova Scotia Canada . Of course , the early New Orleanians were French Cajuns moved south from Nova Scotia -LRB- Wikipedia -RRB- . These French immigrants ran from their life in Europe , then to New Orleans . We visited Pikes Peak many years ago , it was indeed beautiful . There is a Pikes Peak national park created to protect the artifacts passed down from the Colorado cliff-dwellers . We rested at Manitol Springs to acclimatize . Manitol Springs reminds me of what Leonard Berstein said about some people lived in Winnepeg Canada had never seen the ocean . He played Debussy la mer for them . You see . Monitol Springs and Manitou Lake in Winnipeg are pretty much the same , they are places for the wearied and the sick to rest . Bates went to Oxford University for a year after college . Before Oxford , she wrote O Mother Dear , Jerusalem . 15 years later Oxford , she wrote America the Beautiful . She took yearly train trip for about 30 hours to the Pikes Peak for her summer vacation . At 32 years old she married her husband who was the first president of Wellesley . So America the Beautify is actually a love song -LRB- Wikipedia -RRB- .
 This is the second time I have purchased this book ... I loved using the first copy in my elementary music classroom for years but needed my own copy when I retired . Now I 'm using it in my college classes on integrating music and children 's literature . The brilliant paintings of our nation 's national parks are a perfect way to illustrate the lyrics of this patriotic favorite .
 I found this book in a library , and sang the song , instead of reading it , to my 3 year old son , who is now singing this song along with his other favorites . I 'm buying this book because it 's been such a wonderful influence on him . His favorite page is the one with the space shuttle lifting off .
 This is an amazing rendition of America the Beautiful -LRB- which I still think should be our national antherm -RRB- . The pictures are inventive and moving . Just as an example , the page with `` Oh beautiful for pilgrims ' feet '' does n't show your classic pilgrims , but a steamship deck with what seem to be southern European or eastern European immigrants coming into New York harbor . It reminds us how much all of us are part of `` America the Beautiful . '' I almost always get teary-eyed reading this book -LRB- even more than when I just sing the song -RRB- . You 'll love it .
 this book works great for teaching the song . The hardback cover is great for multiple uses .
 The illustrations are just beautiful , I will use the book to teach my students the beautiful song of the same title .
 I wanted to just `` read '' the book to the kids . But gosh , I started singing it . And did they love it . I sang and flipped pages as fast as I could . Over and over . I teach preschool and this was America week . This was pretty much the only book about America their `` level . '' It has beautiful `` impressionistic '' painitings of all sorts of beautiful and significant places in America that you can talk about . And if you are proud and interested , the kids will be too . We sit on a map rug so the kids are getting familiar with all our landmarks . But this book helps learn the song and gets them familiar with our nation . The last page has a picture of the Statue of Liberty in the harbor , `` from sea to shining sea . '' I felt so good to read this to the kids . Please get this to make not only children feel good about where they come from , but also you as well !
 I had pre-ordered several copies of `` America the Beautiful , '' by well-known illustrator , Chris Gall in January 2004 . Simply put , Chris Gall is one of my favorite artists of all time . His style is bold , campy , and original.Today , I received the books and I was AMAZED.The book , `` America the Beautiful '' is BEAUTIFUL . What is even more beautiful is that Chris Gall shares in the preface how a framed copy of Katharine Lee Bates ' verse , written in her own hand , inspired him so much as an artist as he was growing up.Gall bestows a MAGNIFICENT tribute to his great-aunt 's stirring song . Each line of Bates ' meaningful verse is paired with a beautiful illustration by Gall . These works of art depict a nation blessed with God-given gifts ; a nation built on justice , optimism , hope , and a shared love of America 's land.After viewing this book , which is pristinely made with thick paper and rich colors , I intend to buy several more as gifts . There are wonderful images of the Statue of Liberty , Pike 's Peak , immigrants , the Apollo II , and my very favorites - the firemen of Sept. 11th , and the WWII Tuskegee Airmen.Because `` America the Beautiful '' is not just a book which is great for artists or children or to grace the coffee table -LRB- although that is where MINE is going ! -RRB- , it is a work of art - which magnificently stirs the patriot within us all ...
 The odd thing about this book is why it took so long to come out . Chris Gall is an illustrator and the great-great-grandnephew of Katherine Lee Bates so I wonder why he had not created these pictures ages ago.The sixteen stunning pictures were engraved on clay-coated board which makes them very graphic rather than watercolor soft and I enjoyed the little design touches here and there , for instance a picture of some Shoshone Indians in a boat passing a very streamline looking waterfall or a small town snow scene with the buildings placed at different angles to each other.The choice of image is also refreshing , to illustrate ' A thoroughfare for freedom beat . Across the wilderness ! ' has a family with their Airstream parked in the open landscape or ` Thine alabaster cities gleam , Undimmed by human tears ! ' showing a window cleaner eating his lunch and sitting on one of those Art Deco eagles on the Chrysler Building . This kind of originality and warmth comes across from each picture.The book is well produced and it occurs to me that these illustrations are so good and all the same size that they are worth framing , depending on one 's favorites .
 This book is an excellent depiction of the song . We have been reading it with our daughter since she was 2 years old , and now she is quite familiar with the words of the song as well as with many areas of the country , major landmarks , and significant events . This is a great addition to your library .
 Wendell Minor has been busy this year , having illustrated picture books documenting 2 American heroes , which were published only a few months apart . INTO THE WOODS and RACHEL tell the stories of patriots , John James Audubon and Rachel Carson , respectively , who struggled to preserve the beauty and health of their native land . Now Mr. Minor has produced another picture book of equal radiance , focusing on the country that those heroes , and he , obviously love . The author is , like Audubon and Carson , another American legend , Katharine Lee Bates . Although her name is not familiar to many people , the poem she wrote certainly is . Here the entire song -- not just the first few lines that most Americans have memorized -- is emblazoned above Mr. Minor 's spectacular paintings . Were she alive today , Ms. Bates would surely find this book comparable to the beauty of the country she wrote about in the first place . AMERICA depicts not only the `` purple mountains '' and `` amber waves of grain '' of the first stanza , but breathtaking landscapes from every corner of the nation . The monumental natural landmarks -- enormous cliffs of the West , Niagara Falls , the Grand Tetons -- are shown as well as quieter , but equally striking , scenes of farmers harvesting wheat in Iowa and steamboats pushing across the mist-shrouded Mississippi River . Even the light beams in Manhattan where the World Trade Center once stood are captured forever in an elegant painting . AMERICA allows readers to visit the most far-flung and spectacular areas of the nation in only 5 minutes , so realistic and compelling are the illustrations . And seeing Bates 's poem in its entirety will rekindle readers ' feelings for our musical heritage , no matter how many patriotic tunes they 've heard since 9/11 . This book is a dignified and vibrant testimony to the greatness of this nation , worthy of being shared with all kinds of patriots , young and old , for years and years .
 The book has good illustrations and it has the song five times . The illustrations go very nicely with the words to the song .
 I purchased this book for my daughter for her second birthday . We have read it so many times over the past year , that she is the only child her age that knows all four verses of this wonderful song .
 This book is a wonderful way to introduce the song `` America the Beautiful '' to a child , and enjoy it yourself at the same time . Wendell Minor has done an outstanding job of illustrating the words to this song by painting pictures of real places to match a couple of song lines at a time . It makes one feel like they are being swept across the country as they read or sing the words , as if we were seeing exactly what Katherine Lee Bates was seeing when she wrote the original poem . I also like the fact that at the end of the book there is a spread which again shows a small picture of each of the illustrations and then tells the reader where this place really is . Overall , a very good way to learn/enjoy the song .
 A visual record of a cross-country trip that was inspired by the poem America the Beautiful with vibrant , expressive watercolors set in pastels and earthy tones.There are fourteen panoramas in this thirty-two page book that covers east to west and north to south . One line of the first verse is placed on one side among the two-pages . The waterfalls appear misty with the dark clouds looming behind . This image was captured in rainbow colors tapering off as the water hits the bottom . The rolling hills are dotted in pinks , purples and greens as the spacious skies flow across the page.Then we have the calm ness of the bulls or buffalo grazing before turning to find the purple mountains majesties . The fruited plains consist of teal green and blues showing a few people working in the fields . This is a beautiful picture that gives the image of working in the fields as rewarding and serene . The second page with America ! as the text is spectacular with tall bare trees as if you were standing down at the bottom looking up at them . It appears to be a moment captured of a father and son looking at the forest.This is a beautiful one-of-a-kind book that deserves to be sitting on the coffee table to highlight the splendor in these images set to this patriotic song . Inside are man-made wonders , natural ones , ancient dwellings , glaciers , desert , sea and rain forests . The colors evoke a range of emotions as you flip through the pages of America the Beautiful . Now that I have these portraits nestled in my memory the song will take on such new meaning.Readers young and old can delight in the beauty that can be found along the roads traveling inside the United States . This would make a great gift for anyone planning summer excursions within the country . America the Beautiful would be appreciated by older relatives to remind them of the locations they have visited as well as offer the younger ones a sense of the beauty that is found at these places while learning the words of the poem and singing the song .
 Samuel Ward -LRB- 1847-1903 -RRB- was the organist at Grace Episcopal Church in Newark in 1882 . One day a melody popped into his head as he was riding the boat back from Coney Island . He called it `` Materna '' and it was first published in 1888 . Katharine Lee Bates -LRB- 1859-1929 -RRB- was an English professor at Wellesley College in Massachusetts . In 1893 she made a trip by train to Colorado . From the to of Pikes Peak she saw the Rocky Mountains in one direction and the Great Plains in the other , and she felt inspired to write about the beauty of America . Her poem was published in the Fourth of July issue of The Congregationalist in 1895 . Her poem was popularly sung to Ward 's tune , and they were first published together in 1910 . -LRB- ... -RRB- Later in the 1900s Neil Waldman was staying at a kibbutz in Israel . His friend Moti Shuvai insisted that they take a road trip together through America . They traveled from New York through the Northern Rockies , down along the Pacific Coast , back through the Southwest and the South to New York , 13,000 miles . Waldman combines his sixteen paintings , `` a visual record of that first cross-country trip '' , with the words to `` America the Beautiful '' , written by Katharine Lee Bates , to make a children 's book that celebrates the scenic glory of America . '' ... it should inspire readers with a desire to see these wonders for themselves . '' -LRB- School Library Journal -RRB- In the foreword he says this , '' ... I have traveled to four continents and more than a score of countries , but nothing I have seen can match the magnificent splendor that lies within our own borders . `` Parents will have a chance to tell about when they have visited these places , or make plans with their children to do so , because an appendix describes all of the places featured in the paintings . They include Niagara Falls , The Great Smoky Mountains , The Grand Canyon and the California Redwoods . Families also could talk about the beautiful places in Michigan or even Livingston County that Bates and Waldman unfortunately never had a chance to see . Or other places you have visited that are not included like Florida , Alaska , or Hawaii.This book also helps to make art and poetry accessible to children of all ages , and each child can relate to it in his own way . The folks at Publishers Weekly relate to it like this
 I think Anne Rice started out writing one book and it just happened to turn into something else . I personally found this to be an interesting book and have loved it since it was published . Here 's how I see it
 A friend of mine told me to read this book , so I thought why not . I just fell in love with it . I liked it so much I reed it twice . I also recommend her Sleeping beauty series . If you like this book you will love the series to .
 Anne Rice has surprised me with this novel , although I found some passages hard to understand and even harder to read this makes for a very quaint love story in the end . I found myself laughing at the basics of Lisa because even as complex as she was she could n't be complex enough to understand love and its many traits and faces . Elliott Salter is a handsom and riveting character ... he was well planned in my opinion and even well written . One can just imagine how he would have really looked if they would have done the movie `` exact '' but then again they never do.I found this book a little more mellow and easy to read then some on Anne Rice 's Vampire Chronicles that I had started before . Then again I found Tolkien a bit hard at times as well ... maybe it 's just me . But she brought out another side of herself as a writer in this book and I enjoyed the story . The sex scenes were n't as graphic as I would have liked , I expected serious S & M and I found only mild play at some points . I would have liked to have seen the arcade described a little bit more . Just small things . This book is not for the light hearted though ... if sexual acts still remain taboo in your mind and family then stay away from this novel .
 The book is heavy . Sexually heavy . Written with a serious tone . Exciting . Riveting . I can not praise it enough.This is a must read - and if you liked any of this modern sexual series -LRB- Fifty Shades , Silvia Day books , etc -RRB- then you may not like that you have to think in this novel.But if you are smart and you want something that really grabs at you , then pick this up and leave all these light toned fluffy series alone .
 Eden , a secret , mysterious and elegant island in the Caribbean is a play-ground for the rich . It is the place where those with enough money can come to fulfil their fantasies about dominance and submission . A paradise where willing slaves are available for those who would be masters , where pain and pleasure intermingle and nothing is forbidden or impossible.Lisa is the perfectionist mastermind behind Eden . She has set the rules , invented the games and oversees the smooth running of the whole operation . Eden is what Lisa has been yearning for all her life , the answer to all her sexual and spiritual needs and yet , when she returns to Eden after a vacation away , Lisa finds herself restless and , for the first time ever , unsure of what she really wants.Elliot is a client . Suffering from severe burnout he has been trained to be a slave in Eden and has recently signed a contract to stay there for two years while he flees the life that no longer satisfies him.When Elliot and Lisa meet sparks fly . Neither of them expected to find real attraction in Eden and neither of them , but least of all Lisa , is prepared for the conflict and confusion these new feelings bring with them.When Lisa flees Eden , taking Elliot with her , she 's not only breaking all the rules she so carefully set herself , she is also opening herself up to the sort of turmoil she 's ill equipped to deal with.This is very much a book in two parts . While the first half of the story is very much about sex , submission and dominance , the second half is more of a psychological study , with sex firmly in the background.In the first half the reader learns , in rather graphic detail , about the training slaves go through before they get to Eden and about the pain , pleasure , humiliation and power they experience from that training and life in Eden.During the second half though , all of that fades away . The story now takes us into the minds of Elliot and Lisa . And while Elliot has a pretty good idea what he feels , what he wants and how to deal with his emotions , Lisa is lost . When Lisa finds herself in a neverland between no longer feeling at home in Eden and deep fear of what a future away from the world she created might mean , she is in real danger of ending up with nothing.I found this to be a fascinating book because it goes beyond what could so easily have been a purely erotic story . It is obvious that Rice is a talented and experienced author . Her sentences and the story flow with ease and she captures the reader as much with her erotic descriptions as she does with the non-sexual scenes.Both Lisa and Elliot are wonderful characters to read about ; flawed and struggling to find their way . They are made for each other yet unprepared for that discovery.I would have loved to have the opportunity to read more about the two of them , would have enjoyed seeing them return to Eden together and what they might get up to as a team . Since that particular book has n't actually been written I will have to be satisfied with what I found in this story and that which my own fantasy can come up with.Yes , it would appear that I have developed a taste for Erotica in my `` old age '' .
 Anne Rices ' lush descriptive prose is what makes this book a personal favorite . Erotic in some of the best ways , the storyline never lacks for an interesting moment . I might warn the faint of heart that this book is not your run-of-the mill erotica , nor is it wholly reminiscent of the movie . The narrator point of view changes throughout the book , which I found a refreshing change from most books of this genre . If this book does n't stimulate you , then you may wish to check your pulse .
 I 'm a huge Anne Rice fan , and I bought this to add to my collection . She has a style of her own . If you are a fan , I would recommend adding this one .
 This is a lovely erotic fantasy . There are glimpses of BDSM but it is not `` hardcore '' . Do not compare this book to the movie of the same name ~ The movie version is camped up & changed to make the story light & funny ~ The actual story in this book is not light and not funny , it is more of a complicated romance , between two people who do n't realize how much they need each other.I thoroughly enjoyed this book and hopefully , you will too ~ and if you do , you may seriously want to pick up the Sleeping Beauty Trilogy .
 Anne Rice wrote `` Exit to Eden '' under the pseudonym Anne Rampling . Unlike the Dan Ackroyd / Rosie O'Donnell film adaptation , Ms. Rice 's novel is elegant pornography . `` Exit to Eden '' describes The Club , a Caribbean island resort where members can experience their sexual fantasies in a safe and luxurious setting . `` Exit to Eden '' is the story of Lisa , the boss lady slave trainer known as ` The Perfectionist ' ; and the story of Elliot , a free-lance photographer who contracts as a sexual slave.The Club is exclusive -- members are prescreened and purchase expensive annual memberships . The Club 's trainers visit invitation-only global auctions where experienced adult sexual slaves offer themselves for hire . Club trainers bid on the best slaves , and slaves typically sign a two-year $ 100,000 personal services employment contract . -LSB- Serious omissions
 ... and besides all that , the writing is gorgeous , and the New Orleans settings are so wonderful . Ann Rice is truly a writer of many talents - and many and diverse interests.Kinky ? Yes . Erotic ? Yes ? Fun ? Yes . Should you read it ? Yes .
 I read this book in the late 90 's and after reading 50 Shades of Grey , Exit to Eden makes the Grey series seem like `` kid 's stuff '' . -LRB- No not literately -RRB- . E.L James has nothing on Anne Rice . This is adult erotica , the Gray series seems like erotica `` lite '' . Maybe I was jaded by Exit , like a nubile , fresh faced first timer and a much older , experienced teacher . I still would n't go back .
 Ann Rice writes erotica like no one else !! A must have for your library . Other favorites are her Sleeping Beauty series . Definitely not for the prudish . She has the ability to pull you in and connect to the characters . I could n't put them down !
 I had only read Rice 's Vampire Chronicles when I saw this on a book shelf - what a change ! The writing seems straight out of a bordello on a Saturday night . By turns it is sensuous , informative , exploring , erotic and tender . The prime factor deciding my vote when I read a novel is this
 This book is a wonderful muli-layered novel ... the depth of the characters is amazing . By the time you are finished , you know every desire and thought of Lisa and Elliot.This is a classic love story at the heart ... however , it does n't come with the romance novel sappy-ness or morality that curse many love stories out there today . Every page makes sense and advances the story ... there are no `` filler '' sex scenes just for the sake of sex . It 's erotic , not cheesy . I love this book more every time I read it .
 As with her other books , Anne Rice writes Exit to Eden with passion and superior knowledge of human feelings and emotions . With this book , she has created a stage for sexual creativity , lust , exploration and human emotion . Her portrayal of Lisa and Elliot , and their raw desire for eachother , is purely erotic . Each chapter keeps you wondering what might happen next and what is going through the mind of each character . The book makes me wonder what fire Rice has in her to make her write such a book .
 Read By
 Movie was okay , I liked it . Never realized there was a book for it . I was buying more Anne Rice 's books and saw Exit to Eden , I picked it up knowing if Anne Rice wrote it , it would be good . But ... it was even better ! A MUST READ ! It was completely different than the movie ! But totally BETTER ! I recommend this book with no problem . You must be open-minded . I like the fact it went from The Club to real-life . I have read most reviews . I agree with people saying its the best . For those who say it `` trash , '' you may need to open your eyes and see the true world out there . It 's not the 50 's anymore . You have your opinions , but I have mine and this is an EXCELLENT BOOK TO READ . I have read the Witching Hour and the books to follow for the series . Anne Rice continues to amaze me with her works , specially considering this is a earlier written book ! Amazing . Read it !
 Even with a good book , life still goes on . I would have loved to just read and read and read . I did pick up this book every time I had a few spare moments!The characters came alive and I found myself wanting the best for them . The ending came as a surprise to me . I wish there was a sequel - would LOVE to know what happened next !
 -LSB- close -RSB- I was one of the fortunate people who was able to read this book before the film came out . I would like to open by stating that if you liked the `` movie '' starring Rosie O'Donnell , DO NOT READ THE BOOK . Likewise , if you read the book , avoid the movie like you would avoid a rabid dog showing signs of ebola.This is not Rice 's greatest erotic work . It lacks the expansiveness of the Beauty trilogy or the vividness of Belinda . Those facts aside , this is an interesting work from a psychological standpoint -LRB- understanding the `` top '' and `` bottom '' or `` Master/Mistress '' `` slave '' relationships -RRB- , and not a bad read for its sexual content and scenes . However , it is not the pathetic , vaguely slapstick comedy that the film made it into , and is nowhere near the quality of most of her other work .
 A friend recommended this book to me . Once I started , I could n't put it down - it captured so many ideas I 'd already been thinking . I then gave it to my wife , who , to my surprise , also loved . Needless to say , it has completely changed our lives for the better .
 I have read almost all of Anne Rice 's works and this is by far the best . It has similarities of the Beauty series yet adds a more modern and believable twist . I highly reccomend that all of her fans new and old read it at least a million times .
 Exit to Eden is one of Anne 's Best works , in my opinion . Many people were turned off by the film adaptation -LRB- why hollywood decided no one would want to see a bondage film is beyond me < eg > -RRB- but this book focuses on the relationship of Master and Slave and what happens when the tables are turned . Anne has many sides and Lestat is just one of them . True Rice Fans will adore this beautiful work of fiction .
 This is just the vehicle to make you forget that horrid movie , which unlike the book , had only one redeeming factor . The movie 's saving grace was the costuming -LRB- except for the Dan Akroyd Character and Rosie could have lost about 50Lbs -RRB- , the book however , a thrill ride from beginning to end ! If you like your reading to be erotic , visual and entertaining , then THIS is the book for you . If Ann Rice has more like this on her shelf I want to read those too .
 I was not able to put this book down . If you have ever been interested in s/m , you must read this . Anne takes you to the point of being sexually submissive like no one ever will !
 The story of a lucky Guy who had the time of his life with Mistress Lisa . He gets to experience what many of us only dream of . Erotic Submission to a stunning and stinging Female DOM . A good read up to page 120 or so .
 This book was hard to put down . The story was excellent , and the erotic scenes were just as good . Like all of Anne 's books , this one was very tastefully done . Well worth it !
 I read Exit after watching the lousy movie with Rosa O'Donnell . Fortunately , the book is nothing like the movie . Instead of a being a cheesy adventure / comedy , this book is an awesome erotic-romance . The scenes are stimulating enough to get even the most ice cold heart boil
 Exit to Eden has a serious tone , even a dark one - but it 's an incredible , mind-blowing exploration of not only the erotica but of the psychology of B&D. ; I mostly agree with njbookworm 's review of Exit to Eden from 2001 , with only a couple of exceptions . Note that Exit to Eden and the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy are not about Sadomasochism -LRB- S&M ;-RRB- - they 're about Bondage & Domination -LRB- B&D ;-RRB- . BIG difference . Look up `` Bondage & Domination '' in Wikipedia . An oversimplification of the difference is in the degree of pain inflicted/received , and the underlying mindsets of the Sadist/Masochist vs. the Dominator/Submissive . I especially agree with njbookworm that if you have not read any of Anne Rice/Rampling 's books , do n't start with this one . I personally prefer her Mayfair Witches books to the Vampire LeStat ones.I also disagree with njbookworm 's comment that Anne 's descriptions of the day-to-day workings of the Island and Lisa 's responsibilities thereto are distracting . I found that those details did n't affect my suspension of disbelief , unlike njbookworm who was distracted by the legalities and even the possibility that a private island could exist solely for the purpose of a B&D ; resort . -LRB- Although to be fair , perhaps in the late 90s those were hard to believe . -RRB- But without those details and the resulting depth of Mistress Lisa 's character , Exit to Eden would simply be a run-of-the-mill bodice-ripper - albeit a dark , intense , and `` kinky '' one for the those unfamiliar with B&D. ; In fact , I 've found Anne 's character development to be arguably the most important aspect of her talent . That , coupled with her talent for suspension of disbelief I can easily * become * the protagonist in her books , male or female.The `` Fifty Shades of Grey '' trilogy , however , is much more lighthearted in its tone , similar to Anne 's `` Beauty '' trilogy -LRB- which truly are `` kinky '' bodice-rippers , though almost poetic in nature -RRB- . Like Anne Rice , Ms. James has a flair for character development - provided you 're reading at approximately an 8th grade level as does the average reader . No insult intended.Fifty Shades is told in the first person , also from the perspective of a young , naive virgin whose first lover is a Dominator . I love the internal dialogue the main character carries on with herself . A much lighter read , Fifty Shades mostly leaves out the psychological aspect of initiation to B&D. ; The trilogy is most definitely erotic and a good read , but I prefer the more intellectual -LRB- dare I say literary ? -RRB- tone of Exit to Eden.In summary , compared to Fifty Shades I found Exit to Eden to be by far the better book - provided you 're open-minded and prefer more depth to the characters in your erotica . I give this one 8 out of 5 stars !
 When I picked up this book and scanned the back I caught that it was a sex club and a romance type book . I am not into S&M at all and at first I was nervous to enter into that world . But I really loved this book and have read it multiple times . Some one said it is a romance novel for people who dont like romance novels and I totally agree with that . Nothing felt cheesey , it felt heart felt and honest in its characters . Its not too hard core . If your looking for that , look elsewhere . Its just an exciting story that basically says love can find you anywhere . I am a very satisfied reader . Thank Anne .
 I have read so much about Anne Rice - and finally managed to read one of her books - since I dislike anything with vampires thought I would give this a try . All I have to say is `` where is the Club ? '' and where can I meet a man like Elliott ?? wow ! This is a very sensual tale about two people Lisa and Elliott who have enjoyed to the hilt such a heavy dose of an alternative s & m life style but when this couple finally meet - PASSION !! Much more powerful and intense for both of them than they have ever experienced . They both find themselves willing to risk anything to persue this opportunity with `` love . '' Rice actually allows you to see them fall in love in their flight from the Club . This is a strong powerful book and I found it a page turner .
 I 'll admit that I have n't read Fifty Shades . I refuse to . All the hype about it made me want to see what else was out there that was similar but well-written . This is a winner . I read the first Sleeping Beauty book , and while it was well-written , toward the end of it , I thought it was more torture porn than anything else -- not sexy , and then I could n't get through the second book for the same reasons . `` Exit to Eden '' is different . The simplistic explanation would be that it 's tamer than the Beauty books , but really , the big difference is the character development . It 's almost a psychological case study of kink . What makes people gravitate toward it ? Is it deviant ? Can it exist within the realm of a healthy , loving relationship?Anne Rice is a genius with words . She manages to give Lisa and Elliot distinct , believable voices . The prose is both lyrical and conversational , and I never had a thought like , `` Oh , no one would really say that or think that in that vocabulary . '' So many passages worth underlining and rereading over and over . And it was HOT . Not to mention fun . I read somewhere that the rich are far more interesting to read about , and in this case I have to agree . Recession or not , I did n't mind hearing about the luxury at The Club or Elliot and Lisa 's cushy backgrounds and disposable incomes.Now , this might be a judgment I ca n't legitimately make without having read the Fifty Shades trilogy , but I 'll go ahead and say that after reading `` Exit to Eden '' and seeing a complex , fully developed story that has so many layers and a satisfying conclusion , I do n't see how dragging out a story like that in Fifty Shades across three books could possibly be as fun to read when you can get so much more in this one quick , provocative novel .
 I was told that Anne Rice 's Exit to Eden was similar to The Sleeping Beauty series . While there are various similarities between the two offerings , the eroticism and BDSM scenes are far more subtle in this one . The novel centers on how the romance between Lisa and Elliot flourish amidst painful and confusing pasts . Lisa is one of the mistresses at The Club -- an exotic and erotic getaway for bondage enthusiasts . Sadomasochism has always been the center of her life . But then Elliot comes along . An insubordinate photojournalist , Elliot is always searching for the next thrill ride . He takes a two-year training program in The Club to vent out some of his submissive fantasies . But life in The Club is far more hardcore than he had anticipated . To make matters worse , he falls for his beautiful trainer ... Anne Rice has once again showcased the psychological implications of the human heart . She delves into the aforementioned implications in a deeper level this time around . My only complaint is that Exit to Eden is n't as taboo and sexually charged as The Sleeping Beauty series . This book is more bodice-ripper than smoldering erotica . It 's brilliant nevertheless . Even though her erotic novels are n't in the same caliber as Story of O , they have a profound sensuality all their own . Highly recommended ...
 Do n't confuse the movie with this book . There are no detectives chasing diamond thieves and this is not a comedy.Anne Rice took a break from writing her Vampire Chronicles series to pen `` Exit To Eden '' under the pen name Anne Rampling . This novel explores the subject of BDSM within the context of a romantic relationship between Mistress Lisa Kelly and Elliot Slater . Kelly manages an isolated BDSM resort that offers its high-end clients an exclusive setting in which they can experience the life of a Master or Mistress . Likewise , the slaves are there of their own freewill in search of fantasy exploration.Mistress Lisa gets first pick of the new slaves and chooses Slater . Their chemistry is undeniable from the start and intensifies throughout their time together . As the story unfolds , they fall in love with each other and must come to terms with the power dynamics of how Mistress and slave can become mutual lovers.Although fiction , this book reveals the potential correlation between BDSM and romance . Anne Rice is a wonderful author .
 This is my first Rice novel , and I have to say that I found this book to be terrifically written with all the splender of erotica and romance with a plot . I fell in love with most characters and found their instincts quite remarkable and to the point . That is to say , I was quite surprised that a woman author was able to capture the true essence of the male psyche so richly as Rice has done here . I loved the book and am looking forward to my next read . You wo n't be disappointed !
 This book describes an island that I 'm sure the author would like to visit and how she would like to spend her time there . While the SM is described with some detail it is still lifelike . I particularly liked the part where the dominant felt nervous about coming up with new things to the blindfolded , waiting submissive . I 've been there!This book is a good work of fiction . I also enjoyed reading The Story Of O and some of John Norman 's Gor books . For good SM nonfiction , I like `` Screw the Roses '' , `` SM 101 '' and `` The Sexually Dominant Woman '' .
 This is my all-time favourite by Anne Rice . I have read it at least 10 times ! My main reason for liking it so much is not because of all the sexual situations involved , but simply because of the main character , Lisa . She is someone I would like to be . She has created an island that is the ultimate escape from reality .
 I enjoyed this book very much . When I was reading this novel , I felt as though my own sexuality was becoming open for exploration and evaluation . The Club -LRB- where most of the novel takes place -RRB- is a place that many people long to find in life . A place where you can be sexually `` free '' . I think that this is a novel which should be read by anyone open to exploring the farthest reaches of human sexuality .
 Elliot is this exquisite man , amazing in all aspects . Lisa , the dominatrous finds herself falling in love . The whole aspect of the book to me , was a hard controlling woman and a soft sided man falling in love . Is it possible ? One of the most erotic tales I 've ever read . It is full of history , modern love , erotica , and just an all out wonderful plot . I loved every minute of this book and have read it several times thereafter .
 An extremely accurate view of the thoughts and feelings of people into the light s/m scene . Although the setting and plot are -LRB- most likely -RRB- fictional , Rice has done something here I 've never seen before - realistically portray the eroticism and appeal of this sexual lifestyle . Much better than her over-the-top Beauty series.One flaw , though , was her tendency to hang people by their hands for long periods - definitely dangerous and never done by responsible `` players '' . Do n't try this one at home !
 I enjoyed Exit to Eden for the simple reason that I love Anne Rice . But on a more specific note I would say that the character development really pulls you into the mystery of this island paradise/training facility . The subject matter is completely appropriate for the love story which unfolds towards the end of the book.I particularly like the way the book ends for the obvious `` happy ending '' reasons but also for the `` bring you back down to earth '' feeling it leaves you with , after being taken so far from reality it deposits you right back into everday life.Very enjoyable reading . Perfect for the beach or a rainy day .
 It was great ! And it had a little something for everyone , too . If you love erotic stories but are sick of porno , this is the book for you . Because it is not porno , but it is not your typical romance novel either . So read it . It 's sure to make you ... -- JCB
 A love story infinitely more readable than the Sleeping Beauty set , it delves deep into the human psyche , and attempts to explain how and why someone would choose BSDM as a lifestyle . Plenty of erotica , and a plot too ! A great read !
 I read Exit to Eden after the Sleeping Beauty Chronicles . It was great . The storys within the story were great . I love how she changes from first person to third person . I love Anne Rice .
 TO SAY THAT THIS BOOK IS A TRULY EROTIC EXPERIENCE WOULD NOT BE GIVING IT JUSTICE . I WAS LEFT ON THE EDGE OF MY BED , PANTING AND FANTAZING OF AN AMAZING SEXUALLY FREE LAND , AS IN THIS BOOK . ANN HAS A WAY OF DRAWING THE READER INTO HER EROTIC WORLD AND NOT LETTING US ESCAPE -LRB- BUT THEN AGAIN - WHO WANTS TO ?
 Please , SOMEBODY , comment on the `` introduction '' written by Lisa . Written in hind-sight , it says that what follows is an account of something that happened at The Club , and that -LRB- end sentence -RRB- it 's really about The Club . -LRB- I 'm paraphrasing , since I do not own a copy of the book . -RRB- The sense I got reading this was that it `` undid '' the ending of the story -- that what really mattered the most was The Club , not Elliott . That Lisa considers the story of Elliott to be JUST an episode in her life . Yet in the course of the book , Lisa and Elliott come to understand that their fixation with S/M is a symptom of love/companionship/acceptance missing from their lives , and that they complete each other without the S/M -LRB- remember , once they 're away from The Club , they have regular sex together , and have a real relationship , SHARING the `` power '' -- talking , shopping , eating , sleeping , just being together -RRB- . Also , if it 's Lisa 's story -LRB- she claims ownership by writing the intro . -RRB- , what about the half of the accounts written by Elliott ! Anyway , I loved the book , and loved the end of the book -- I 'd certainly marry Elliott ! And there 's the real final question that Anne Rice poses by including Lisa 's intro .
 I 've tried to read Anne Rice 's novels since after `` Interview with A Vampire '' was made into a film . Granted I am currently * almost * 18 years old , it 's not shocking that at 13 and 14 I could n't finish it . But browsing amongst the shelves of a used book store sat a beat up copy of `` Exit To Eden . '' I thought , what the heck . I am literally addicted to this book . I do n't want to put it down . I 'm reading it , soaking up every word . After finishing this novel , I hope to read the Beauty trilogy , in hopes of finding more solitude in Rice 's astoundings masterpieces .
 I read some of the reviews before I really got into the book , and I was afraid I would be disappointed with the book . I was wrong . This is one of my favorite Anne Rice books to date , and that is saying something , because I love everything of hers I 've read . That Lisa is the last to recognize the fact that she is in love was so believable , and the struggle both she and Elliot had with their feelings seemed very real and very human . As for whether the marriage becomes boring or Lisa has to give up her place at the Club , I seriously doubt that either would happen . I think , in the end , they both enjoy the S&M world too much to give it up , and why should they , so long as they understand where S&M stands in their lives ?
 I like this book more than a lot of Ann Rice 's books . It is not so full of sadism , and homosexuality . It is an interesting story , and holds the attention .
 Gillian Anderso
 This was a wonderful book which was a combination erotica and love story . Anne Rice vividly brings to life the characters in thi novel . She makes me want to run off and join The Club
 Readers will be pleased to know that _ Exit to Eden _ is one of Rice 's early works , and one of her best . It is erotic , sexy and gently perverse . Rice brings to life the sadomasochistic fantasy of middle America . Her language is rich , and the sex is explicit.That it is pornographic is beyond any doubt , but it 's pornography of the highest calibre . The novel is deceptively metatextual , borrowing from gothic classics like Stoker 's _ Dracula _ and Radcliffe 's _ Romance of the Forrest _ . But the premise of the genre is delightfully twisted . Rice calls readers to question the true nature of perversion and sexual monstrosity by illustrating that these terms are necessarily cultural . In a world of extreme sexuality , perhaps simply holding hands is a subversive act .
 this book starts out on an island full of sex slaves , it 's incredible , then it moves on to new orleans , i really enjoyed this book , it 's great . i 'm not entirely sure why i liked it so much , but anne rice has always been one of my favorites .
 I saw the movie `` Exit To Eden '' , which gave me the idea to read Anne Rice 's book . Although I really do n't have an interest in the S&M lifestyle , I loved the book . I liked the characters of Lisa and Elliot , and I liked the locations in the book - from The Club to New Orleans to Texas . If you liked the movie , you 'd like the book . Do n't expect a printed version of the movie , though . Highly recommended !
 Even after a few years , this book still tops my list as being the hottest book I have ever read . It literally had me on the edge of my seat and excited through the whole book . The descriptions and method of writing hold you captivated , and left me wishing it were a series .
 I was a skeptic at first when I bought this book , but my opinion soon changed . Simply the best by Anne Rice in my view , even though it was written before her Vampire Chronicles . It 's very sensual and VERY erotic ; but at the same time , it plays with your heart . You feel as though you are Lisa or Elliot , and it pulls you into the pages like none other I 've read . I 've loaned it to four people who each bought their own copy after reading mine ... you wo n't be disappointed !!!!
 A well written book that is very easy to read . Content is exciting and makes you `` not want to put the book down '' . This is my second copy to loan to friends ! Inspired me to buy other books by author -LRB- Anne Rice -RRB- , but this is still the best in my opinion .
 I bought a copy of this book about 15 years ago and read it many times . Unfortunately , I loaned it to a friend and never got it back , but also never forgot it.A few weeks ago , I was on a message board and this book was mentioned . I decided I had to read it again.It was a treat to read again after all these years . Ms. Rice does a brilliant job of relating Lisa and Elliott 's feelings to the reader . My heart was breaking for Lisa as she came to terms with her feelings and realized all the problems they would bring about . Elliott is so charming , sexy , and intelligent that you ca n't help but fall for him ! And New Orleans is described in such detail that I felt like I was there.This book is the perfect mix of eroticism and romance . I 'm sorry that Ms. Rice did n't write more in this genre .
 I guess you know by now that Anne Rice does n't just write vampire stories . Well , Exit to Eden is anything but that and it is a delight to read . I liked the characters and it just flowed well for me . The bdsm was n't too overdone and the sex was red hot . I am a fan of the authors and have been for some time , though I 've mostly read her paranormal stuff . So glad I took the chance . I am looking forward to reading more of her erotic work , among themBeauty 's Release
 I ca n't believe I read this book in one sitting . This is the first novel by Anne Rice I 've ever read . Her words are so descriptive , I found myself just painting the images in my mind . Even my body shivered as I read some of the encounters between Elliott and Lisa . It 's a good story . I do n't really get the S&M stuff , but still a good book . Most memorable section ... the butter and cinnamon in New Orleans .
 The Book Exit to Eden was shipped to me in a timely manner . The book was in excellent condition . Thank you for such a speedy time frame . I received it faster than any express mailing .
 We are so beset with Enlightenment critiques that we can fail to look closely at the depth of its defining events . In this engaging book , and surprise find , we discover a veiled side to the Enlightenment in its broad spectrum of seminal anthropology and philosophy of history , as in Kant , Herder . A mysterious balance is built in , witness the counterpoints of Kant and Herder , and the very themes we bring against the period are often born in that period . And that would seem to be the case with the very Eurocentrism brought in evidence against modernity . That a critique of empire emerged at the very moment of expansive imperialism is an important history , and this work exhumes a brighter corner of that . Excellent job .
 Judie Haynes ' `` Newcomer Program 3-6 '' will lighten the teaching load of any teacher who works with newly arrived ESL students.The book is packed with comprehensible information for classroom teachers on second language acquisition . It contains 170 reproducibles and information that students will need when negotiating those first months in a new country . Newcomer Program allows you to have lessons which are comprehensible to your newcomers at your fingertips .
 I have both the K-2 and 3-6 Newcomer Programs . I find the information for teachers section very helpful for paraeducators in my building , as well as for teachers who are new to having ELLs in their classes . I love the variety of activities to reinforce the BICS as a newcomer gets started on this new journey . I also do some teacher training and was recommending this set to students who were ready to graduate , to have in their professional libraries . I was saddened to discover that they are no longer in print . I have yet to find anything that compares .
 Both of the Newcomer Program 3-6 and K-2 books are amazing ! It took a very long time to find these books , but I am glad I finally did . I am really sad that these books are out of print . During my ESL student teaching my observation teacher used this book and I loved it . I do n't believe in worksheets and do n't think the worksheets in this book should be given to students in exchange for instruction . This is a great book to use for direct one on one instruction for students because it is so visual . As an ESL teacher , you will need to teach your beginning students about all of the content inside this book . Thus , this book takes away the hours of trying to develop your own materials . Again , this book should not be used as the only form of instruction , but it is definitely a wonderful supplemental resource ... especially for new teachers !
 Young eyes will widen as they discover what a little bunny finds between the covers of his storybook . He is entranced with the places that he is able to visit through the pages of his colorful book.First he journeys to a magic forest filled with his favorite flowers , very special friends , and even an approachable lion.He also likes his storybook because he can pick it up whenever he wishes for another adventure and surprise.Intended for the youngest of readers , here is an introduction to the joys of books sure to kindle children 's imaginations . Soft color full-page illustrations enhance the simple text . - Gail Cooke
 Anita Jeram 's book , I Love My Little Storybook , is a favorite of my 6-year-old son . The illustrations are magical and whimsical . As a reader or a listener , it 's easy to wish yourself into this magical world of adventure . It 's a wonderful bedtime story and has become a favorite to give as a gift to other children and expectant mothers .
 My daughter received this book when she was 6 months old . She is now 4 , and it has been one of her favorites for the past 31/2 years ! It is an adorable story with beautiful pictures . Any little girl would love it !
 A perfect little book to share with a child at bedtime . Jaram 's illustrations are perfect - bunny fairies ! This is a keepsake book .
 A perfect book for preschool children especially in the school system . My preschool teacher 's appreciate books like this to read to their students .
 Extreme stuttering makes ordinary conversation virtually impossible for twenty-six year old Robin Lee . Her dreams of graduating from college reach a sudden halt when a professor humiliates her in front of the entire class , leading to her withdrawal from the university . Even her job at the local diner becomes a tremendous challenge when she must fill in for a waitress who storms off the job . Then in a stunning moment of bold attitude , Robin overcomes her inability to speak by allowing her body to speak for her.Johnny Dayton does not know the horrible day Robin has endured . Nor does he hear the whispered gossip from the students at another table . He only focuses on the legal papers in front of him as he prepares for a board meeting the next day . Then suddenly the most beautiful woman he has ever met stuns him with a lip lock from heaven . When he comes up for air , Johnny recognizes his best friend 's kid sister , and suddenly Robin becomes the bridge to a time when life was less complicated and more understandable . And he wants more ; a lot more.Colleen Collin 's unique approach to communication lends TONGUE-TIED a dynamically erotic twist . On one hand , Robin may not be able to speak her mind , but her body expresses her needs and desires quite clearly . She also has a gift with her pen that allows intense self-expression . On the other hand , Johnny dislikes himself for the corporate man he has become , but Robin allows him to become the bold thinker had been before pr campaigns determined company lines.Author Collin 's meets the unique challenge of a mostly silent heroine with pizzazz , keeping the narrative lively even as she exploits the challenges of silence with grace . She carefully balances the mundane world with a sizzling world where words are unnecessary . Further , she gives her heroine a unique , powerful voice that combines sweetness and heat in a vibrant mix . Add TONGUE-TIED to your keep shelf ! Winner of the WordWeaving Award for Excellence .
 A little slow start but it picked up the pace.Johnny Dayton was an annoying but likable fellow.Robin transformed surprisingly well.I did not expect to enjoy it this much - thumb up !
 A sever speech impediment makes it difficult at best for twenty-six year old Robin Lee to communicate with anyone one on one . Having to stand in front of a classroom as demanded by the University of Denver in several of her classes is impossible for her stuttering has left her extremely shy thus her fantasy of a college degree in literature seems impractical . Even working at the Davey 's Diner as a temporary fill-in waitress proves demanding on the TONGUE-TIED woman.When the other students whisper loud enough for her to hear their pity , Robin turns bold and kisses a customer . Johnny Dayton is stunned that this lovely vision is kissing him even as he reviews legal papers for a contentious board meeting the next day . Soon Johnny recognizes that the lips belong to his best friend 's kid sister , Robin and that he wants more from her , but her timidity may prove stronger than their growing love.Readers will delight with the way Colleen Collin cleverly blended a verbal communication challenged female within a strong erotic tale of love . Though in this age of the Disabilities Act , readers will question the professor 's humiliation of Robin , the story line shows her as a capable person able to communicate in other ways other than verbal . She makes the tale and Johnny is a likable hero struggling between meeting the corporate image and his audacious concepts to improve business . The audience will realize that TONGUE-TIED is a triumph for fans as Ms. Collins pens an enchanting heated tale.Harriet Klausner
 In this thoroughly scriptural volume Bro . Rice exposes the subtle and not-so-subtle deceptions that define the modern Charismatic movement . While steadfast in his exhortation , Bro . Rice is loving towards our Christian brothers and sisters deceived by this much misunderstood movement . Bro . Rice 's arguments are all built upon a rock-solid understanding of God 's Word , and each point is backed by many scripture references.Bible-believing , fundamental Christians will find the information in this book invaluable when dealing with friends and loved ones caught up in this dangerous deception .
 My brother lives in Bangkok and I 've been there many times so I was keen to see what a novel set there would be like and I was n't disappointed - Mr Moore evokes the seediness and poverty without it appearing soul-destroyingly hopeless because he manages to balance it with interesting characters -LRB- both the good , the bad and the humanly flawed -RRB- , a good mystery and moments of beauty and humour . I enjoyed it and intend to try the next one ...
 Bangkok is a city I 've never visited and am not likely to ever , but Christopher G. Moore certainly brings it to life for me . We definitely are shown the city 's underbelly through the eyes of flawed Vincent Calvino , but we also are shown the spirituality and quality of the people living there.I wo n't go into the plot as many others have done that , but I will remark on the effectiveness of the character 's nightmares in truly raising the hairs on the back of one 's neck . Definitely a superior read .
 Spirit House
 The action started on page one and did not let up for a page . The main character has room to grow in sequels , but he was clever . If there was a negative , the insights into his personal life need more development than just mention . Great read !
 The locale is Bangkok , Thailand and the story begins with the dream or nightmare of Vincent Calvino . Calvino is an ex-lawyer , ex-cop who does private investigation work - when he can get it . He is a drunk and also uses whores , smokes , etc. . His dream is about a friend who was recently killed and in the dream someone is coming after him as well . He wakes from this dream/nightmare at his apartment next to a Thai whore whose name he has forgotten - again . That is because he was so inebriated he could n't remember . His housekeeper , Mrs. Jamthong - who is a hoot all by herself ! , wakes him yelling at him that he is late for work and to come eat breakfast . The prostitute leaves and Calvino -LRB- known to the Thais as `` Khun Winee '' since they ca n't pronounce the `` v '' for `` Vinee '' -RRB- gets to the table to read the paper . He sees a photo of a man slumped over a desk - dead . His assistant , Ratana , calls and tells him to call her as soon as he is through with his meal . He recognizes he knows the dead `` farang '' - white man or foreigner to the Thais . He is a Brit named Ben Hoadley . He gets to his office and finds that Ben Hoadley 's father in England wants Calvino to investigate his son 's murder . The Thai newspaper reported that a `` thinner addict '' had done the deed . Into his office comes Kiko , friend and romantic interest , who knows the thinner addict , Lek , and swears that he could not have done it.Thus begins an amazing string of events as Calvino works with Kiko , Pratt -LRB- a friend in the Bangkok police -RRB- and uncovers the motives and events of why first Jeff Logan and then Ben Hoadley and during the course of the story several others were murdered . How Calvino gets to the resolution amid the extreme dangers he and others around him face is a fantastic tale of suspense , mystery , intrigue and the underworld.As a woman , I would say that Vincent Calvino is a true man 's man and the kind of detective that men more than women would enjoy reading about . The Spirit House is the first of the many novels that Mr. Moore has written about Calvino . The details and descriptions are very image and thought provoking . I highly recommend it !
 Through the underbelly Bangkok , Vincent Calvino confronts crime bosses , corrupt cops , prostitutes , slum dwellers , and addicts to unravel this murder mystery . Where the truth often takes the back seat to other other cultural values , Thailand is a perfect setting for the novel . The reader is positioned right on the edge between the expat life and local community - getting real insight into both worlds . It feels like you could get sucked into the Bangkok mess at any moment.To this end , Christopher Moore is a very clever author , with a style closer to Film Noir rather than the everyday P.I. / mystery writers . His protagonist , Vincent Calvino , is an unassuming hero who regularly drinks , visits the red lights of Patpong , and barely scrapes by . Yet , he preserves relentlessly where few others do -LRB- or are willing to go -RRB- . He is certainly not against rolling up his sleeves and getting dirty , or bloody , whatever the case may be .
 A typical , modern , conflicted `` gumshoe '' story is made all the more interesting by the exotic -LRB- and erotic -RRB- backdrop . If set in LA , the hero 's personality would border on trite . In Bangkok , it is a stark contrast to the wasted expats , elitism of the rich , and despair of the destitute.I found the story engaging , fast-paced , and interesting while being informative about the culture and subculture of such a famous foreign city . The plot made sense , and the characters were believable and identifiable despite being foreign . This is very much an American perspective against a foreign backdrop , and the story does a very good job at keeping the two separate.It is at times a little rough , and most likely not for those easily offended by sexual violence or those looking for a `` Murder She Wrote '' mystery . If you want to explore some of the darker aspects of the human spirit from an American perspective in an international setting , and get a good mystery thrown in , and maintain some hope for humanity in the process , then this is a read for you.WORD OF WARNING -- this book is the first of a series . I stumbled upon it accidentally by fat-fingering an order for a Christopher Moore -LRB- without the G. -RRB- novel . I would very much like to continue the series on my Kindle , but like some other series , NOT ALL ARE YET AVAILABLE FOR THE KINDLE at the time of this writing . I would strongly suggest that you check the availability of the other books in this series and weigh that in your decision . At the least , you may want to submit a request to the publisher to produce a Kindle edition of the presently unavailable volumes to avoid having to go to paper to fill in the gaps .
 Brilliant ! Plot , pacing , characters , and - above all - a totally immersive sense of place ; this one has it all . I was disappointed not to find anything else by Mr. Moore avaliable for the Kindle . Hopefully that will be rectified soon .
 As a fairly new kindle owner and a lover of crime/mysteries , I was excited to discover this free kindle version download . I had never heard of the author , do n't much care for Asian settings , am not into the supernatural so I did n't expect much - but hey - it was free.So I was very surprised to be drawn right into the story , found I liked the style of writing because it was so different from what I usually read , and learned alot about a subject -LRB- Thailand -RRB- that had previously held no interest for me.I agree with the other posters that this is not for the feint of heart - it 's about the seamy side of life . If you can watch CSI or have read some of Patricia Cornwell 's novels this one is certainly no worse.I only wish I had a Thai/English dictionary while I was reading it because there were many words I wanted to look up . Some I never got the drift of the meaning , never mind knowing how to pronounce them . Here 's one you 'll need to know : Farang -LRB- in Thai
 What an exceptional setting for a crime mystery . I enjoy the cultural contrasts and the spirit angle . There are some tough and dark images in this read so it is not for the faint of heart.It is a different world and one suited to this type of adventure . It is a third world brutality and something to be enjoyed if you can stomach it .
 I have read many , many mysteries and thrillers , and I was really happy to come across this particular book by Christopher G. Moore . It 's a little bit different than what I was used to reading . His protagonist is definitely reminiscent of the detectives from film noir movies.But , wow , what a great setting for a story ! I really enjoyed being taken to Bangkok by this author . It made the book incredibly interesting and definitely was a learning experience for me.I guess that is why I enjoyed it so much . I thought the plot was very good , the characters were interesting , and , as a bonus , I got to learn about a very exotic locale . When a book offers me both entertainment and the opportunity to learn something new , well , that is just about as close as I can get to heaven , here on earth.I think this book would also appeal to male readers , either as well as , or maybe even more so , than to female readers . So many of the thrillers I read seemed geared to a female audience . I think it is great that this mystery series could appeal to readers of either sex . I certainly look forward to reading the next book in the series .
 Reviewer
 I 'm pleased to see the Calvino books by Christopher Moore coming into more widespread release . Spirit House is the first of Moore 's books that I ever picked up , and it 's still one of my favourites . Picking this up , I can feel like I 'm back in Bangkok . Moore has a well-earned reputation for his attention to detail , to the gritty background of the Thai capitol , beyond just the bars and the general fluff that gets publicized , to the wider variety of the city that makes it such a great place to be.That attention to detail and realism , though , is just the backdrop to what are very well plotted and riveting detective stories . Spirit House develops , in proper crime fashion , from a murder in the paper , to a case , to a puzzle , to an abattoir ; with bodies cheerfully bobbing in the waters of Chao Phraya ; katoeys slit to pieces ; the police hovering in the wings ; and a final denouement I wont give away.And there 's that image of the rat-scabbed cat on its last legs licking passionately at the thick liquid oozing out of the bottom of the junkyard truck .
 On lazy days I look for a novel that will take me into an unexplored world , will carry me along so that I do n't move from the chair . Maybe once in 3 years , I find such a novel and then tell everybody to leave me alone so I can read it . After reading `` Infidelity Index '' I hoped that this might be as good . It is a fluid , fun read and I just sat back and ate it up , pushing away all distractions until it was done . I hope Moore gets the audience he deserves . I have a friend who burnt his eyes out on the kindle edition and since I have been singing his praises , there is a little Moore cult forming , as it should . This book is fantastic . Get on it .
 The title of Gilman 's novel may be a bit misleading . The novel is described as a feminist novel . Yet , this is not exactly acurate . The absence of men in the utopian society may seem extreme to some , and it is . This is how Gilman makes her point . She does not create a world without men because men are terrible creatures who have corrupted the world . The utopia which lacks men is a clean peaceful place , excelling in every way American society fails . But , it is neither the absence of men nor the presence of women that faciliates this.Gender , in this novel , is symbolic for the most part . Gilman does separate the two genders to destroy steroetypes , but also to establish a concrete difference between the two worlds . The male world is not bad , and the female good . The world in which people are defined by others and limited to these defined roles is bad , while the world in which people are free to grow without being defined or compared to others , and are able to see the oneness of all people is good.Comparing Herland to the reader 's own world , Gilman begins destroying gender based stereotypes . Because there are no distinctions of gender in Herland , nor any superficial characteristics which accompany gender , Herland women take on the roles of all people without considering any limitations . These women are strong , agile , nurturing , intelligent , cooperative , and able to rely on themselves . They are not `` typical '' females . As Gilman explains through the male character Van , `` Those ` feminie charms ' we are so fond of are not feminine at all , but mere reflected masculinity -- developed to please us because they had to please us , and in no way essential to the real fulfillment of their great process '' -LRB- 59 -RRB- . In the same way , stereotypes about men can be discredited . Such ideas have been made up to help people deal with the differences between men and women . Gilman shows the reader that if people stop basing their identities on what others want , they will no longer be slaves to limitations . They will be free to discover their true selves and will allow others to do the same.Gilman shows readers that men and women are distinct people , but reminds us that they are people first . This can be seen when Somel , a woman of Herland , innocently questions a male visitor , `` But surely there are characteristics enough which belong to People , are n't there ? '' -LRB- 89 -RRB- . Focusing more on these characteristics , those belonging to `` People , '' allows humans to fulfill their personal potential without fear of jealousy . The women of Herland are able to live in `` such universal peace and good will and mutual affection '' -LRB- 99 -RRB- because `` they lacked the sex motive and , with it , jealousy '' -LRB- 99 -RRB- . The women of Herland are free and equal because they are secure enough in themselves to offer and accept help for a joint cause , the betterment of their world . All readers , men and women alike , can learn a great deal from this humanist utopian novel .
 Charlotte Perkins Gilman was arguably the most important American author of the women 's movement in the early 20th-century . In addition to editing a newspaper , `` The Forerunner , '' she wrote `` Women and Economics , '' one of the first studies of the role of women in the economic system . Gilman also wrote a number of utopias
 Obviously , many people who read this book -- including most of the reviewers here -- clearly misunderstood Gilman 's tone and objective in writing `` Herland . '' The purpose of the book is NOT to say that women are better than men in every aspect of life , or that women can survive without men . Indeed , the inhabitants of Herland realize that without males , their society is incomplete , which is why the three young women are encouraged to court the three male visitors . Gilman portrays two of her three male characters sympathetically and intelligently , and even the chauvinistic one is portrayed as intelligent , just misguided.Gilman has two purposes , neither of which is to show the ` inferiority ' of men . One , she wishes to show what a society would be like if everyone were treated equally . Two , and related , she wishes to show what society were like if people put the greater good above their individual goals . In that sense , Gilman 's society is not socialism but more like anarchism -- there IS no central government ; Herland operates like a large utopian family , in which everyone 's role is equal and everyone has a very important role in society . No one 's role is more important than any others , be they male or female.The reason for the Herlandians ' physical besting of the men is to show that women are only ` weak ' because they are sheltered , and in turn are sheltered because they are weak ; also , while the Herlandians were natural women living in the natural world , the men are essentially ` sheltered ' by technology -LRB- all of them being specialists in an area -RRB- and thus are not physically trained as the women are . It 's like a female Olympic runner beating a male who runs for his college in his spare time.Of course , the book has flaws -- the utopian society of course , is without chink or problem , and Gilman ironically venerates traditional aspects of women , casting them into the stereotype of communal , compassionate , sacrificial mothers . The veneration of ` motherhood ' almost religiously is hypocritical , as if every woman desires to be a mother . Predictably , no woman in the history of Herland seems to have a problem with denying self for the greater good , or the lack of tradition , or the taking away of her own children for communal rearing . For that , I have to say that Gilman -- while trying to deconstruct the typical notion of a woman -- inadvertently BUILDS it by assuming that all women have these characteristics naturally .
 Have you ever wondered what our world would be like without testosterone ? Herland gives us some insight into such a hypothetical world . What would the crime level be like ? How about wars ? Rape ? All of these terrible things are often initiated by men . Although a female-only society would probably be much less utopian than Charlotte Perkins Gilman 's Herland , it is still interesting to speculate . Even the late Dr. Richard Dehann , a doctor and Bible teacher , speculates that original sin is inherited through the father ; so maybe Ms. Gilman 's land is not so far-fetched . It still makes interesting reading . If you are interested in female-dominated societies , check out Suzie McKee Charna 's Holdfast Chronicles , Marion Zimmer Bradley 's Free Amazons of Darkover , and/or Joanna Russ 's Female Man .
 This book was assigned reading for me back in college 12 years ago and I have been thinking about ever since then . Last week I finally broke down and decided to re-read it and see if it was as fascinating now as it was then.It is the story of three male adventurers who discover an unknown land that is virtually impossible to get to inhabited only by women . Scientific and curious by nature they plan a mission to fly over the country in a plane to investigate further only to be captured and held prisioner in `` Herland . '' While captive they are tutored by and taught to speak the language of the inhabitants . Once they have mastered the language they learn that their captors do not mean them any harm , but rather want to learn from them about the outside world as they have been cut off from it for 2000 years by their natural barriers . The men learn from the women and the women learn from the men . We see how different life could be in a society ruled and inhabited only by women.As a utopian or fantasy novel , this one is outstanding . There were parts I liked better and was more appreciative of now that I am older than when I first read it , and others that had me thinking `` as if ! '' If you can get past the whole parthenogenisis premise its an easier pill to swallow , but this time around I was n't buying it . I also found the over zealous religious tones near the end to make this short novel drag out far too long.All in all I am glad I re-read it and encourage anyone who has n't to do so .
 The premise is interesting enough
 In her novel of a positive utopia made up only of women , Gilman gives us a vision of what perfection would be like , if only the inevitable power , money and sex did not get in the way of things . In Herland , there are no men thus eliminating the sex motivations . And they live a highly socialized communal life within which most of the problems of modern society have been conquered or mastered.The ladies of Herland have been isolated from the rest of the world for about 2000 years and during the early part of that period all the men in their society were killed or died off . This left a society of women only . To go on , they developed the ability to have virgin births , -LRB- in the modern wild turkey this exists today and is called Parthenogenesis , where in the absence of male turkeys , they may produce eggs that turn into female chicks -RRB- through an unusual biological quirk . But all the offspring are women.Throughout the book references and allusions to Edward Bellamy 's famous positive utopia book `` Looking Backwards '' are evident . Yet Gilman 's treatment of the topic is fresh and interesting in that the element of sex is removed from the utopian environment . In addition , the concept of the story is that 3 men happen to find the utopia and this allows Gilman to engage in a long discussion with those men and the women of Herland ; comparing their worlds.Interestingly , even though Gilman wrote the book in 1915 , not much seems to have changed . There is still injustice , greed , hate , love , war , peace and poverty . The book is a virtual wake up call to all societies , especially the Western Developed countries that there are yet things to be done in this world.The book is recommended to those who are interested in a vision of a better world . While Gilman 's vision is an impossibility , as was Karl Marx vision of perfect Communism , nonetheless , it gives us a real reason to think on the bright side of life , as it may yet be possible to achieve .
 I got the book in a timely manner and it is in adequate shape
 Having read the book in one sitting , I 'm excited about the ideas `` Herland '' brings to the present world , especially about men 's view of women , and even women 's view of themselves ! A wonderfully written book about three men who enter a strange world populated by women only.The story of how the two sexes view their roles as male/female are intriguing and point out many focal points that theorists argue about
 I came across this work while researching Utopian and Dystopia Lit in college and it was love at first read . It 's rare to find a piece of utopian lit , much less feminist utopian lit written in this period . Yes , some have problems the the lack of modern feminist thought found in Herland , but for me , it was refreshing to find a work in which women are portrayed as intelligent , level-headed and , well , portrayed at all . And the added bonus for me was seeing a `` lighter , happier '' side to Gilman 's writing . It is a must read for all fans of utopian lit .
 This is one of my favorite books , one of my all time classics . Challenge your thinking , take another look at the assumptions we all make about the world around us.Utopian fiction is everywhere . Herland is one of the earliest , and remains one of the best . A must for any bookshelf .
 This is a great , imaginative book , one of my favorites . I highly recommend it .
 I was immediately intrigued by the concept of this novel , three men in search of a legendary all female society . When the three explorers find that such a culture indeed exists , they find such a stark contrast from this society and the civilization they 've come from.The narrator is a sociologist , and his companions have somewhat stereotypical roles in the story . The first is a doctor , and a southern romantic , and the other is a classic male chauvinist and the antagonist of the story . I found that parts of the story were a little rough , but the work as a whole was very enjoyable.The basic questions of why our society works the way it does causes the narrator to rethink his entire world view , and his views of civilized society . This novel is a worthwhile read , and an interesting perspective on a Utopian society .
 Early 20th Century feminist activist and author Charlotte Perkins Gilman is best known for her nonfiction treatise Women and Economics , which analyzed the detrimental effects of the economic reliance of women on men in American society.In Herland , Gilman takes a different approach
 Oh , this ones just all types of insane fun . Written near a century ago , Gilman has her 3 male protagonists crashland an early plane into a secret uptopia where men do n't exist.And what a wonderful world it would be , too . Gentle , highly evolved , all needs met , no pain , entirely communist -LRB- you ca n't even raise your own kids there -RRB- . No icky sex -LRB- babies are born when a woman WISHES super hard for one -RRB- . The women of Herland ease the men into their blissful way of life , the men come to realize what utter simpleton pigs they are -LRB- including realizing sex is awful and subjugating -RRB- and likely happiness for all , but Gilman never quite finished it .
 A beautiful and thorough examination of utopia populated entirely by women , through the prism of an intelligent and educated young man . The writing is engaging and entertaining while managing to present the philosophy of the author convincingly . The only shortcoming to the ideas presented in the book is that no reason is given as to why such a utopian civilization would develop simply due to the lack of any men.Most entertaining is the behavior of the women of Ms. Gilman 's utopia . In stark and glaring contrast to contemporary feminism , the women of Herland deify motherhood , adore children , and are shocked to horror at the very idea of abortion ; androcide is unthinkable , even as punishment for a crime . Indeed , an important book to history and philosophy .
 Back in 1915 when HERLAND was written , women were widely considered weak and uncreative and had the sole responsibility of taking care of home , family , and being socialites . So , when 3 young American men in the novel encounter a country comprised entirely of women , they look everywhere to find out where they must have hidden their men . Of course , being emperialist men , they think it should be easy to conquer and subdue a country of women . However , they are looking at these `` women '' through the eyes of their own culture , not realizing their full potential as `` humans '' . These are women who have such little land to support their people that they 've only kept and cultivated food-bearing trees like most people would cultivate a garden and who have learned how to have children without men . Some women ! Charlotte Perkins Gilman wrote this novel after leaving her own husband and home , going off to prove that women are as capable as making a living for themselves as men are . I can only imagine the stir this book must have caused among the feminists of the day . Gilman has written a very interesting book with only one minor flaw . She keeps on building the reader up to this `` big thing '' that the women of Herland evidently have in store for the men who have dropped by bi-plane into their perfect little world . It turns out to not be such a shocking thing after all and pretty obvious in fact . Despite this slight transgression , the book is superb . HERLAND is a short book that is surprisingly quick-paced and imaginative . It 's a gem of a book to add to anyone 's collection .
 I ordered this book in March and did not receive it until June , way too long to wait for a book . The book itself is great , when it finally arrived it was in good condition . This book was recommended by one of my college professors for people who were interested in more of Charlotte Perkins Gilman 's works , and is basically a utopian society novel .
 I love Charlotte Perkins Gilman , so what 's not to love ? If you are a fan of hers , you 'll love it . If you 've never read her work , I will let you know it is a dystopian feminist novel . Enjoy !
 This is one of the best books I 've read in a long time . It 's quite small but it is packed with so much food for thought and I 'm left in complete awe a week after finishing it . I do n't know how I 'm going to sum it all up in order to do it justice but I 'll give it my best shot.This book is often described as a feminist book but I do n't feel educated enough to really speak to that . So I 'll just be looking at it from a perspective of how fascinating it was to me as an average reader.The book starts out with three friends on an adventure to discover the mysterious land of women they 've heard about . These three men seem to embody different male perspectives . There 's Terry who is a playboy and womanizer , Jeff who idolizes women , and Vandyck who is the narrator and falls somewhere in the middle.Of course the men are curious about whether a world of women really exists . When they find it and fly over , they are surprised to find that it looks civilized , that there are buildings and farms and things in order . Terry is especially skeptical that there really are n't any men in this place because he just ca n't believe women are capable of building things and creating a civilized society.After entering the place the men begin referring to as Herland , they feel threatened by the women and try to escape which leads to them being captured . Although they are n't treated badly , they are contained in a sort of castle where they are given quite a bit of freedom but are constantly watched to ensure they are n't a threat . They are also assigned tutors and they begin learning the language , culture , and history of Herland.They quickly become accepted into the society as they continue to learn . Much of the book entails them exploring Herland and learning about the ways of the women there . The women also want to learn of the outside world and there is quite a bit of comparing and contrasting . It seems the author wanted to create some kind of commentary on the shortcomings of life in the outside world -LRB- the world as we know it -RRB- . What impressed me the most is the world building of this book . The women of Herland answer all the men 's -LRB- and readers -RRB- questions so thoroughly and I found myself totally convinced of everything they did , how they came to certain conclusions , and how their society developed the way it did . After having read The Giver which I thought had a very poorly built world that was n't well explained , I was just blown away by all the thought that went into creating Herland.This book is incredibly thought provoking as well as it comments on society and the way things are . In Herland the community is very collectivistic and everyone works together to improve their society . They have a collective identity of `` we '' and think of themselves as a whole , without individual families or needs . Instead , `` all the surrendering devotion our women have put into their private families , these women put into their country and race . All the loyalty and service men expect of wives , they gave , not singly to men , but collectively to one another . '' -LRB- pg . 95 -RRB- When the women realize their land can only support so many people , they work together to control the population . Although some women might desire motherhood , they realize it would n't be in the best interest of all involved . Instead , they channel all their motherly love into nurturing other children and caring for the people around them . This seems to be a judgment on our own overpopulation and what some might regard as a person 's jealous desire to have their own biological children.Another interesting thing was the way the men perceived the women of Herland . They were expecting them to fit their idea of women and be very feminine . But if there are no men then the concept of masculinity and femininity does n't really fit . How can a person be feminine if there is no other way of being -LRB- masculine -RRB- to contrast with ? One of the women observed that , `` in a bi-sexual race the distinctive feature of each sex must be intensified . '' -LRB- pg . 89 -RRB- So is femininity just a concept and would women really act in `` feminine '' ways if there were n't any men ? Would they need to differentiate themselves by dressing differently and having long hair?The men also realize how much they view women as women instead of just people . Because the women of Herland are n't feminine , they begin to see them as people , not as women . At one point it is stated , `` We were now well used to seeing women not as females but as people ; people of all sorts , doing every kind of work . '' -LRB- pg . 137 -RRB- There were so many other things to think about that this blog post could go on forever . But I 'll stop there and hopefully I 've given you a glimpse of all the things you 'll encounter in this book . I personally did n't find it to be overly preachy or declaring that women were superior to men . There were a lot of interesting ideas and I think anyone can learn a lot from reading this book and get ideas about how our world could be improved if everyone looked out for one another , for example.So I highly recommend this book to anyone who is a fan of science fiction , fantasy , or speculative fiction . The world building is excellent and there 's plenty of food for thought . I think I could easily re-read this several times and come away with something new each time .
 I read this book many years ago and wanted to read it again.My order was handled quickly and professionally.Great service . Great book .
 Charlotte Perkins Gilman 's `` Herland '' is a lost-world fantasy in the Haggardian tradition with a decided twist
 HerlandIt is truely amazing how far ahead of her time author Charlotte Perkins Gilman was . In this book she anticipates a perspective that is still only a concept today ... In a direct and clear style , she cleverly shows us an inverse reality in the context of a very engaging story.I wish that this was required reading for high school students !
 I first read this book 20 years ago , and it has stayed with me . All fantasy/sci-fi is , at its best , a parable that shows us a way out of a social/cultural problem . If we can read the women here as figures of `` everyman '' -LRB- since , after all , we are frequently called upon to view male characters as representative of humanity -RRB- we get an interesting and provocative alternative to our current problems with the escalation of violence , the growth of poverty , and the disaster that is our planet .
 Three American explorers stumble upon a small country they dub Herland that 's populated totally by women . For about two thousand years , the women have developed an intelligent , productive , perfect society , and with the entrance of the three men , they begin learning about the world outside their realm . The three men find that the women of Herland are ignorant -LRB- to their minds -RRB- of sexuality and gender roles , but the women are far ahead of the rest of the world in terms of education , child-rearing , population control , and agriculture . To fulfill their own curiosity and learn more , three women of Herland agree to become married to the three men . Unfortunately one of the men has not been able to overcome his own prejudices about how women ought to behave , and with one act he brings their time in Herland to an end . This fascinating story is decades ahead of most feminist , humanist works , and gives every reader an inspiring vision of how the world could be .
 Wendy Ulmer shows the power of imagination and love in this tale of Billy 's own private Badlands . Loudly illustrated by Kenneth Spengler 's gouache portrayals of New York City touched by young Billy 's Western imagings , the book weaves a tricky path between pure entertainment and message . For the most part , it succeeds.Billy sees a broken truck with vehicles waiting behind it as a wagon train needing repair . Spengler draws a big truck , but he cleverly winds the street and vehicles around in a semicircle to suggest Billy 's embellishment of the scene . Similarly , the urban hot dog vendor is at once a NYC vendor and a chuck wagon man -LRB- implied simply by his handkerchief and scraggly face -RRB- . When Billy enters the `` Badlands '' by way of a shortcut through the `` arroyo '' he remembers a trick that his grandfather taught him to hide and then switch back to his destination
 `` A Campfire for Cowboy Billy '' is not only a charming tale , it 's a resonant one . Cowboy Billy , who looks to be somewhere between six and nine years old , lives in the city . But that does n't stop him from riding his stick horse , Splinter , all over the place -- watching out for rustlers , delivering Pony Express mail , and so on . Author Wendy K. Ulmer subtly introduces the point that Cowboy Bill 's grandfather has died , and that Grandpa had once told Billy that stars are the campfires of those we love -- those who have died before us . Billy takes comfort in this tale , and it doubles back towards the end to take on new resonance and meaning . Altogether a sweet and subtle way to discuss death with a child . Ulmer 's story is energetically illustrated by Kenneth J. Spengler .
 Fahrenheit 451 is , first of all , a classic . It is definitely relative to our society today , and , even if not a great story -LRB- which it is -RRB- , a great essay on the decline of individualism . Now , to the reviews
 My latest read was Fahrenheit 451 . Everything about this book had thought in it . I am only 16 years old and I could n't believe that someones words could move me so much . Ray Bradbury is truly a a marvel with words . I was suppose to read 11 pages a day but when I saw my self 60 pages into the book I could n't put it down . The metaphors , similies , and powerful words were so overwhelming . Give me a break any man that can write , '' ... he knew why he must never burn again in his life . The sun burnt everyday . It burnt Time ... So if he burnt things with the firemen and the sun burnt Time , that meant that everything burnt ! '' Wow ! Even to write it inspires me . I had to read this book twice to get everything out of it and I still think theres more . I guess I have n't given a very good review but I feel you just ca n't describe perfection .
 One of those rares books which you can read over and over again
 This book brings up points about the control that our government could have over us if we let it . It raises issues about Cable , and letting the technological wonders of the 90 's take over the simplest pleasures . It is written brilliently , and I strongly recommend it to anyone who liked Animal Farm , or 1984
 I do not want to tell much of the story , as the unfolding is part of the intrigue . However now that houses are fire proof the purpose of firemen is performing a service by burning books to maintain the happy social order.Naturally one fireman goes awry after several emotional incidences from someone burning up with the books to a young neighbor with strange ways , which run counter to his carrier . This leads to all kinds of deviant things like reading . What are you doing now?One big rift between the book and the movie -LSB- Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- 1966 -RRB- -- Oscar Werner , Julie Christie -RSB- is that in the movie the `` written word '' was completely removed -LRB- even from the credits -RRB- ; where as in the book the state was against was literature and not technical writing.Books are just symbols of ideas that could have been on the screen also . There is deference between training and education . Among other reasons the book was a symbol of one mans superiority over another in a world of equals .
 I think that Fahrenheit 451 was a great book . The story was based on a very good topic . One thing I liked about the book was that it was very well written . This book never got to boring or to lame , it was always fun to just keep on reading . People like me who do n't like to read just want to skim through it and pay no attention , but in this book I was so intrested I never wanted to put it down and stop . One thing i did n't like about this book was that some parts were very hard to understand . It took me a while on some pages to fully understand what I was reading . I think teachers should recomend this book to their students .
 When I began 8th grade I was told we were going to begin reading Fahrenheit 451 . I have heard many great comments about this book . Fahreheit 451 is a book that is set in the future even though it was written in the 1960 's things that happen in this book have yet to happen . The main charachter is Guy Montag . Guy is marreid to Mildred.Guy is a fireman ; but in this society firemen are a little different . Firemen start fires if you have any kind of book in your house.This book is all aobut symbolism . I honestly do n't think I would have been able to understand this book if it were not for the class discussions my class had . This book contains many hidden , but very important details . In this book you will feel like a detective . You will always be searching for the meaning of metapohrs , and symbolism . I absolutly loved the book . This book has a twist that most books do n't have . The book has so many things in their society that we have today but are changed.The reason I gave the book only 4 stars is because it was confusiiong . You must read it carefully and slowly . It 's a great class book . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I ordered this book for my lit class , since we were about to start reading it . I read the description and such , and understood it to be a pretty big book , dimension wise . I got it in , and the dimensions of `` Fahrenheit 451 '' were a lot smaller than what I had expected . Overall , great product , great service , and it 's the same book that the rest of my class has , regardless of size . Good story , I have enjoyed it so far .
 I remember reading this in high school , pretty much because I read everything back then , and my chief impression then was ... hmmmmm , ok . It was an ok book . I appreciated what it had to say about censorship , about the power and value of books , about the sad distance between people . And it was a fast-paced and readable novel . It paled compared to Something Wicked This Way Comes , but overall , it was fine . I was glad that I could say I read it , even if it failed to provoke a strong reaction from me.So , it 's now been about a dozen years since that first reading , and I found myself needing to reread it because some of my students are reading it . So , I started it one evening and had it done by the next . Normally , I do n't get anything read that quickly , what with work to go to and papers to grade , etc. . But this time , Fahrenheit 451 was something that I could more than appreciate . It hooked me . I both enjoyed it and appreciate it more deeply than I did a decade ago.What stuck out to me Bradbury 's fury at the fast-paced , mind-numbing , loud , hateful , drunken , addled culture that we keep making worse and worse . A culture that abstracts us from the earth , from our neighbors , from our history , that hinders us from the contemplation of deep questions that makes us human . I think that working where I work -LRB- with cell phone and tv obsessed students -RRB- and living where I live -LRB- near DFW -RRB- Bradbury 's vision hit me hard and with urgency . I fear that what Bradbury has to say in Fahrenheit 451 may be more important and relevant now than it was when he wrote it .
 At first it seemed like a stretch , but the more I read , the more I realized that this book is telling the truth about society . People dictate the way we think using the media . In the past , everything reflected truth and reality . Now , everything goes deeper and deeper into nonsense to the point that the truth is not a value at all . This book helped me to realize that .
 Come on - a classic . Montag is iconic and impervious to criticism ; c'mon , he hates burning books and he 's a ` fireman . ' Bradbury has created one his best stories in this tale of the near future , which tragically , is beginning to mirror our own . How many young people to I hear say ' I do n't like to read , not my thing . ' Are we so far away from Fahrenheit 451 ? Five stars .
 This is one of the top classic sci-fi novels . This heavily influenced me as a teenager.The main character struggles with himself , as he begins to balance his livelihood -- burning books -- with his realization that maybe free thought is a good thing.In this dystopian future , books are burned to keep people from thinking too much . This is the ultimate form of propaganda , as ALL information is limited to what the government distributes.Like 1984 and other dystopian literature , Fahrenheit 451 serves as a warning to prevent the very society it predicts .
 This book is a true classic . The story remains relevant today ... and I would think should enjoy a resurgence during the current craze for the dystopian.Bradbury imagines a future that seems imminently plausible . But , more than creating an interesting world , Bradbury captures your heart and soul . You become emotionally involved in this story . You eagerly look forward to the next sentence . You wish there was more when you 're done.Readalbe . Entertaining . Thought provoking . Everything you could ask for in a book .
 I was surprised by this book . I knew of it but did not know what it was a about . Firefighters now take away books from the people who love them and the knowledge they bring but in this world knowledge is considered something bad they want people not think for themselves.I also feel like there is more to this book that i am not saying . It is a book that I think if you read over and over again you will understand more of the world . Sometimes that is what I have to do with Shakespeare 's books .
 Love the book . It turns out as noone expects it . I got the book just on time and I had much fun reading it .
 A must read ! This book is great , bought this for school , but ended up loving it . Great price , and the condition was excellent . The book is definitely worth trying out .
 I did n't read this book in Middle or High school like most people but I loved it ! It was recommended to me when I explained how I love the book Anthem.Great read . Interesting society . Fabulously written .
 Very few authors have written a book this significant , this succinct , this brilliant . This is one of my all-time favorite books . I love how he describes everything ; and furthermore , the ending was astonishing . The imagery , the action , and the meaning of it all was just stunning . Anybody who knows how to read , must read this book . Starts a bit slow , but once I got into it , I began to appreciate it for what it was . Starting with page 100 , I could n't put it down . I picked up the book at eleven o'clock at night , and by the time it was three in the morning , I was finished . It is that gripping . We need more authors of Bradbury 's stature around today .
 This spare novel is as powerful today as the day it was written , painting a rich tapestry of what is to come and what , frighteningly enough , has already happened.I feel for the junior high schoolers who were forced to read this book -- it seems that most of them are n't ready for this brilliantly rendered cautionary tale , judging by their myriad spelling errors alone.It 's too bad , really . The book is truly stupendous and * meant * to be stark . I only hope that the disgruntled readers hang on to their initial reviews written here for a few years so that when and/or if they 're ready to try it again , they 'll realize their folly.And to those who burned the book , all I can say is I hope you enjoy asking , ` Do you want fries with that ? ' for the rest of your days .
 A cynical , yet prophetic view of the world as it is today . The upside-down trick -LRB- making fire instead of extinguishing it -RRB- has been used to great effect before -LRB- ` freedom is slavery ' -RRB- and perhaps better . Still , this book is worth the read , if only for the moral warning to society it contains .
 this book was almost as good as Brave New World and 1984 , but I determined that this was not quite up to the standard that these respected authors set . i am not degrading this book at all . it presented some very valid arguments , such as the degradation of the human mind through the removal of books , and thus , most of the conscious , independant thoughts . Also realistically presented was the cause of the forced demise of books , through minorities . i am personally very apprehensive of various minority groups compaining about anything that is not what they desire to hear . i personally support equal rights , but many of today 's minorities seem to think that equality is not reached until their rights surpass those of everyone else . if any `` questionable '' material is released that disagrees with their views , the government must do something to maintain that minority 's felicity . for more on this topic , i suggest reading Bradbury 's `` Coda '' . however , it remains somewhat inferior to Huxley and Orwell 's dystopias because of the tendency of the book to remain at times too superficial . I understand that the author only spent about a week on the novel , so it is understandable that it would rank in just below these paramount paradigms of the dystopic future of mankind . the massive , forlorn , wretched world of hate created by Orwell is just more in-depth and depicts more intense scenes of the injustices that humans face . Huxley 's world , as well , allows for the reader to get more acquainted with the main characters , and thus the readers are more shocked when Winston is torn apart emotionally by the man he once thought he could trust as a fellow usurper of the power of Big Brother.if only Bradbury had gone in-depth , such more could have been reached by the book.however , it remains a classic nonetheless , for the accurate prophecies portrayed and the fears of dehumanization and antidisestablishmentarianism .
 If you want a book that keeps you on the edge of your seat with action and plot twists , then read a comic book . This is one of the slowest books I have ever read . It is one of the best books I have ever read . It is truely chilling , how close this book mimics reality . Free speach may not be outlawed here , but when the news media is outraged at someone who is prolife . . or when a TV show has to have either sex , violence , or very rude humor to get good ratings . . or when the most improtant thing on the new is the presidents love life . . it really makes you think about just how close we are to the world F451 . Many people hate this book because it is so boring , but i think it is good because it doesnt rely on speedy action or witty catch phrases .
 A book to sit side by side with ' 1984 ' and ` Brave New World , ' Bradbury 's classic on censorship is less bleak in execution than 1984 and more focused than ` Brave New World , ' resulting in a thoroughly readable tome that remains as relevant today as it was years ago . Not as good as ' 1984 , ' nor as overrated as ` Brave New World , ' F451 is a pleasing mix of warning , cynicism , and pure future paranoia . Very nice.You 'll note , 9 out of 10 bed reviews of this book on Amazon come from disgruntled high school students who found Bradbury 's phrasings too unwieldy or the story to be too `` slow . '' -LRB- i.e. , not action-packed enough -RRB- Rather ironic , when looked at from a certain point of view ... these narrow-minded , ignorant little children would live quite well in Bradbury 's fictional future , no ?
 Ray Bradbury 's novel is about censorship and how a single thought can change your whole life . The main character , Guy Montag is a fireman of the future -- paid to set books ablaze . In the beginning , he finds comfort in this . Then he begins to question authority and the sensless laws set forth by a faceless government . From beginning to end , this story is a thrill ride , cover to cover . Mr. Bradbury has you guessing . His characters are so unique , and at the same time , truly everyday people . This book is truly enjoyable . Younger readers will not get the symbolism ; however , older readers will see just how close we probably are to this virtual insanity of lies and deception . In the end I was left wondering , `` Who saw that books were so harmful ? '' Was it one man or the whole nation , slowly evolving from our current lawsuit happy world , to this insane world of deception ? I just have to wonder . I would recommend this to teachers . For the student 's sake , it is a fairly short story but there is a lot that can be done with it . I would reccomend this to students , except that they will probably have to read it some day for school .
 As an English teacher who uses this novel in a high school class I may be accused of being biased but this novel is one of the most chilling and prophetic novels ever written.I will agree with some readers that Bradbury 's writing style may be lacking but should readers choose to focus on the minor details instead of considering the themes which he addresses then they are sorely missing out on a wonderful experience . With each new reading of this novel , I discover new aspects and facets which mirrors our society in this country and throughout the world . Analyze the novel while looking deep into the problems of our country alone and a reader can not help but be moved.This book is n't crying to save all books . It goes far beyond that . It examines the power that people have in shaping their culture , their future and their history . What is freedom and at what price do we preserve every single person 's individual rights ? Is the power in the society , or the individual?Thank you Mr. Bradbury for providing us with such a wonderful tale .
 I love to read , always have , and this book has shown me why . The slow build-up Bradbury uses to show the awakening of a numbed mind is almost brutal . Reading along as Guy forces himself through the ashes of ignorance and blind faith which cover his artificial life , and into the stiff wind of knowledge and understanding , I understood . He begins to possess an amazingly powerful tool
 I loved this novel by Ray Bradbury . I am a 11th grader and the reading level was very easy for me . Some of my classmates thought this book was stupid and had no point to it . But personally , I thought it was very exciting . I could n't put the book down .
 I loved this novel by Ray Bradbury . I am a 11th grader and the reading level was very easy for me . Some of my classmates thought this book was stupid and had no point to it . But personally , I thought it was very exciting . I could n't put the book down .
 I remember reading this book in sixth or seventh grade . This book was interesting enough to make me read it in one or two sessions . I still remember the book and how I felt about it as a child reading it . I vaguely remember my teacher at the time saying in certain places they have outlawed this book but have never thought of it until it was in a daily program on disney recently . I have never really watched this program as it is primarily a childrens show but the advertisement caught my eye as I was flipping channels . It was showing a teacher getting arrested along with his students for merely reading this book . This is when I remembered my teacher saying something about its legality in some states . Is this Union such that we have to hide to read such works of art ? I think this action is exactly what Bradbery was trying to prevent in society . He may have been trying to show people what the world would become if we tryed to enforce a sort of literature policy . Where would we be if Shakespeare 's works had been baned ? I believe this was an excellent book and every child should have the freedom to enjoy it . I hope that when my son is that age he will have the same freedom that I enjoyed in school .
 Of all of the books I have ever read , Farenheit 451 made me think the most . It 's an easy to read enjoyable story , but it also makes you think along the lines of `` What would life be like if . . ? `` Most books that take place in the future involve alien warfare and voyages through space . This futuristic story , however , takes you to future earth , where books are illegal to own.After reading this book I wanted to go out and read all the classics I could find . It has been about five years since I read the book , and every time I read a classic , I think about the characters in farenheit 451 who could n't . I 've always appreciated books , but after reading Farenheit 451 , I cherish them . It 's one of those books where after you turn the last page , you say `` Wow . '' And then you just sit there , contemplating how real this unreal story actually is.It 's true that books are still legal , and hopefully always will be . But , I wonder , is it also true that in the age of e-mails , websites , and cell phones , can we lose interest in simple things like letter writing , non-email greeting cards , and books ? I would say yes . And , I think that in Farenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury says yes too .
 After reading this book , I realize that our society is really destroying itself . I really enjoyed this book , and I think other people should read it , so they can think about ways to help society .
 This is an exelent book . I 'm not quite sure why kids do n't like it ; I read the book when I was 12 , and I could n't put the book down . I found that the author did an exelent job showing the emotions of the characters , and made me feel almost like I was one of them . I would recommend this book to absolutely anyone , but I will give one piece of advise
 Even though this book was written in the 1950s , it shows life how it really is now in the 21st century . He explains life in such detail , you feel like you are really there . I had to read this as a class assignment and I honestly enjoyed reading it . It is probably one of the only books that have kept me interested in reading.Ray Bradbury is an exceptional writer !
 After reading this book several times , much is to be said . Fahrenheit 451 offers much more than a usual science fiction classic ; it 's incredible detail . Just by reading the first page , you will be captured . At points , I honestly could not put the book down , nor look away . The characters all differ so much , and a fine contrast is established between Montag and the Firemen within the first few chapters . Needless to say , Clarisse must be one of the most riveting , and unique characters of all time . This book is well worth the read . An easy 5 star .
 The concept of burning books because they are outlawed is interesting . Bradbury presents a vivid picture of the reality his mind conjures . I enjoy reading this book a lot .
 Hehehe . Oh you poor , poor liddle high schoolers who ca n't stand this book . I read it in 8th grade -LRB- last year -RRB- and I really liked it . Sure , it 's a little hard to follow , but there 's something there . Its insightful and intriguing . A real page turner . I think the only reason you guys are whining about it are cause you are being forced to read it and do n't want to . Oh well , such is life . I read it cause I wanted to . You can whine and complain and trash on this book all you like , but I say its a very good peice of literature .
 F. 451 was an excellent book beacuse it was above and beyond beyond all other books . The world it portrayed was fantastic , as well as horrific , in it 's implimentation . The book gives you a view of human nature
 I give Fahrenheit 45141/2 stars because the ook keeps the reader on edge . I had a very hard time putting the book down . Fahrenheit 451 was a lot like our socity today . Instead of putting out fires firemen started them . That strange twist was what I liked most about the book . I deducted a half star because it was a little hard to follow .
 I gave fahrenheit 451 4 stars because it was an interesting and thoughtful book . It shows that books have been an advent to all major ideas.Without books creativity and thought would be stifled . Ray Bradbury ` s classis story is a sure bet for good reading.I deducted 1 star because the book was sometimes hard to follow but do n`t let that deter you from reading it .
 was that the abridged version ? no , but it sure seemed like it . This book had some very powerful ideas and the impression it is making on me is currently setting in -LRB- as I finished it about ten minutes ago -RRB- . I think that Bradbury definitely could have expanded on a lot of aspects of the book because it went by so quick without giving you the opportunity to really get to know the characters .
 Eerily prophetic , but -LRB- fortunately -RRB- , more optimistic than `` 1984 '' .
 I feel Bradbury deserves the best of congratulations on writing this novel . The wording was perfect , the plot was thrilling , the creativity was of the kind that I 've never seen before . It actually made me fear what the future is to bring . It 's amazing that this novel was written in the 50 's . I commend Bradbury on his wonderful work .
 A pleaseant experience . Bradbury tells us a frightening story about a disturbing future who does n't seems to be that far from the truth . Issues of censorship are very clear but it 's not preachy . Just an excelent piece of storytelling .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a novel about a future where books are banned , yet it makes you think is it possible ? Ranks with 1984 and Brave New World in bleak future worlds where education is not widely promoted . A very scary thought for book lovers .
 This disturbing classic by Ray Bradbury -LRB- born 1920 -RRB- grabs the reader with its chilling tone . Guy Montag is a fireman in a society where fire fighters do n't extinguish flames but set fire to books because books are considered a threat by the powers that be . After meeting a free-thinking neighbor and seeing his sick wife mistreated , Montag begins to question his values and the values of a society that burns books . In time he becomes a rebel , flees from the authorities , and meets a group of vagabonds that memorize the books and then burn them -LRB- to destroy the evidence -RRB- . Finally war breaks out , and despite much destruction there is hope that a new society will be rebult from the ashes.Bradbury hits a number of themes in this compelling novel , penned in 1951 . Censorship is one , but so is a sense of increasing automation , the dumbing down of society , disdain for independent thinking , and probably McCarthyism . The dialog is snappy with many slang expressions that perhaps were more relevant in 1951 than today . The result , of course , is a somewhat eerie but gripping classic . Readers might also enjoy THE PEDESTRIAN and THE FLYING MACHINE , two Bradbury short stories that present similar themes .
 This book is a classic that should be reread from time to time and pondered . It is interesting and its message is significant . It is a sermon that few clergy would dare make.I read the story as a parable that denounces the ancient but still existing wrong-headed notion that it is better , far better , for people to be ignorant.Governmental leaders and thinkers have known since the beginning of time that most people are constitutionally unable to understand many truths . Several ways were developed to manage the masses . One , discussed even by Plato in the fourth century BCE , was to reveal complex real truths only to intellectuals , but to teach the general population only `` essential truths , '' essential to keep them safe , but not really true.An example is the false notion that God becomes angry when he sees people sinning . This is wrong . A superior dispassionate all-knowing God would never become angry . Anger is a human not a divine emotion . God has no emotions . But clerics teach their congregants that God becomes angry because it helps control the otherwise uncontrollable masses who , if they did not fear God 's anger and punishment , would rob , steal , kill and commit other wrongs.A second way of handling these people is stop them from learning the truths about the world . This is why the ancient Roman Catholic Church kept people from knowing the Bible , why they fought against translations other than in Latin , which non-clergy did not understand . This is why Europe existed , if we could use a word suggesting life , in the `` Dark Ages , '' in ignorance , like zombies , like cattle munching grass in the fields , until they awakened when they smelt the fresh air of the enlightenment . This is why books were censored and burned during the middle ages . This is why people , human books , were burned during inquisitions.Having this terrible dehumanizing notion in mind , the leadership of the future world in Fahrenheit 451 believed that people would be able to live a better life without books because books , they were convinced , cause wrong ideas , disharmony , confusion and unhappiness.Guy Montag was a government fireman whose job was to burn books . He did n't need to stop fires because homes were fireproof . Burning books seemed right to Montag . It seemed natural and rational . He knew nothing else . This is what he was taught by those who were much smarter than him.But one day a girl woke him up . She was like the child in another parable who was able to see that the king was naked . She told him that people once read books , learnt from them and improved themselves and society . She told him that people could think for themselves and did not need others to tell them what to think.Is the book outdated ? Have people finally learned that they are closing their minds ? Unfortunately people still need the message of Fahrenheit 451 . Most people are still convinced that God becomes angry and , what is worse , far worse , they are still burning books today when they ignore new ideas .
 Guy Montag is a fireman . But he does n't fight fires . He starts them . And he starts them to burn books . Already a bit disillusioned about his job , he meets an almost seventeen-year-old girl named Clarisse , whose nonconformist views on life are a breath of fresh air . He secrets away some books . He fights with his wife , whose overdose on pills can neither be categorized with certainty as intentional or accidental . He defies his boss , a walking book of quotes from famous novels . He makes some potentially deadly choices in turning away from the expected behavior of the masses
 A literary classic and must read ! The ongoing struggle with ignorance in our society , which leads to a whole host of ugly things , censorship among them . We are closer to this than one may think . Might be fiction , but we had better be careful . Read the book .
 This novel is Ray Bradbury 's 1984 -LRB- Signet Classics -RRB- orBrave New World -LRB- P.S. -RRB- . It speaks of a society which has rotted underneath through a loss of one of the most important devices ever created by man
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 gives readers the shock of a world where literature becomes irrelevant to the world around them . The world of Guy Montag was a macrocosm of the growing society as seen by Bradbury during the mid-twentieth century . Its symbolism continues to fit in with modern-day society more and more . As civilization continues to modernize , the end that is Fahrenheit 451 continues to become more possible.As a fifteen year-old living in the United States , I am well acquainted with technology and modern gadgets . After reading this book , it was hard to not see that Bradbury was showing his readers that the new forms of media are replacing the art of literature . As the book pulled me in further , the world began to match that of Guy Montag , as books and the love of reading is quickly replaced by television and radio . Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent thriller that questions the reader
 reading to be against the law?In this classic book , Ray Bradbury paints a picture of a future society where it is actually a crime to read . Before you laugh at the thought , seriously think of how , in many ways , reading is actually becoming more and more discouraged . Every day you read where in school libraries certain books are considered as being `` unfit '' reading material for young adults . Books are becoming more and more a thing of the past . Have you gone into a library lately ? Just 20 years ago , when I was in my late teens , libraries used to be filled with people and now they look like ghost towns . A lot of libraries across the country have been closed down.In the book the firemen do not put out fires , they start them . 451 degrees Fahrenheit is the temperature that book paper burns . That is an actual fact . The protagonist of the story , is fireman Guy Montag who is at a point in his life where he is really beginning to question what he does for a living . He really does n't know why books are being burned , he just does it . Sounds like a lot of us , does n't it ? Sometimes we find ourselves doing things or believing things not because we have personally investigated the matter , but we do it because everyone else is doing it , or because we do n't feel that we have a choice in the matter . I tell you this , and this may be a little difficult for some of you people to hear , but in every situation we are in , we always have a choice.What are we choosing to do when we hear that schools are banning certain books ? What are we choosing to do when libraries are being shut down ? What are we choosing to do when other forms of media are taking over reading ? I have a couple of friends who are in their late 30s , early 40s , who actually admitted to me recently that they do not like to read . I found it completely appalling.Without our knowing it , we are gradually making it easier and easier for the `` authorities '' to decide for us ; this book is n't just a piece of fiction , it 's a warning . A lot of things in this book have already come true . I 'm not going to tell you what they are because I want you to read the book , but it 's almost kind of frightening that we , as a supposedly `` advanced '' society have allowed these things to come to pass.When we let others tell us what to believe , how to believe , what to read , how to think , we give away our original power . One must become a `` soul-rebel '' . One must learn to protect those things that rightfully ours to express . We can not let others do our thinking . We can not let others tell us what to believe . We can not let `` authorities '' decide what we are to read . Make no mistake about it ; this is an extremely dangerous book . I suggest you read it before it , too , is gone from sight .
 I sat down to read this book a bit listlessly . I was reading it , not for pleasure , but for school . We had to pick a novel to read , and Fahrenheit 451 is the one my mom suggested . As soon as I 'd finished the first two or three pages , I was hooked . Fahrenheit 451 had perpetual tension at every turn . I could never wait to find out what would happen next.Ray Bradbury wove a vision of a future civilization that burned books and the houses in which they were hidden . As The New York Times put it , `` Bradbury 's account of this insane world , which bears many alarming resemblances to our own , is fascinating . '' And they are absolutely right . Of all the characters in the book , the one I saw most clearly was Guy Montag , a fireman whose job it was to start fires . Guy is the main character in this story . He agonizes over what life to choose
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a book that I had been yearning to read for a long time . A friend of mine had been reading it and I borrowed it one day in class to fill up my free time . I was immediatly sucked in after reading the first chapter.Once I picked up the book a second time , I realized that it gets very confusing past the first couple of chapters . The story turns into more of a portal through which you can read Bradbury 's thoughts and ideas of what the future might be like , and what he would do about it . There are many different issues brought up and many ideas conveyed through the story of a fireman whose purpose is to burn books.I picked up the presence of a lot of anger while reading this book . Anger towards authority , anger towards the society that Bradbury envisioned . And all this anger was channeled into Mr. Montag 's -LRB- the main character -RRB- story.Everything within this book captivated me , and definately made me think a lot . It takes a mature mind to read and then understand this book , and I know I 'm not fully there . I 'm still not sure I received the message Bradbury might have been trying to send . Maybe there is n't one . But this is the kind of book that you would want to read more than once in your life . I know that the next time I read it , I will understand just a little bit more , and learn a little bit more .
 Imagine this : The world no longer reads . Instead , they sit around for hours and watch giant screens at home , viewing mind-numbing programming with no real intellectual value . Then , they get in the car and drive 90 + mph , not even for a second thinking about the danger that they put themselves in . People no longer care about anything really . They no longer think for themselves . They have no ideas that make them unique individuals.Sound familiar ? It can be honestly said that today , the TV has replaced reading as the number one mode of aquiring information for the majority of people in our nation . They have their minds filled overflowing with ideas that the program presents . And this is how people shape their worldview today . After all , all `` normal '' women look like Cindy Crawford or Halle Berry , right ? All kids have sex before marriage , right ? Everyone has to look like they do on TV , and be like the `` normal '' families portrayed on TV ... right?In the year 2004 , the vast majority of what is seen on TV is absolute garbage . No ? Well , OK . To each his own . If you think that watching a fashion model having needles pierced up and down her arm in order to win a challenge is perfectly fine to watch , then OK . If you think gay men running around an island butt naked is considered normal during the `` family '' hour , or having kids in a game show soaked with green slime , or someone having plastic surgery and cosmetic dentistry in order to win a beauty contest , or ... Thankfully , we do n't have to worry about losing our First Amendment rights ; there are enough watchdog groups around to ensure that our rights do n't disappear . May God help us all if we ever did . The Bill of Rights ensures that in the corner of the world in which we live , we have the freedom to ignore the `` idiot box '' and read a good book , or newspaper , or magazine , or whatever we want to read without fear of arrest or intimidation.In the `` Fahrenheit 451 '' world , books are illegal . Since everyone got their dose of enlightenment from the big screen and did n't care about reading anymore , the government said , `` Since no one reads anymore , why do we need books ? '' and promptly banned all of them . Those fortunate ones who manage to hang on to a few tomes for their enjoyment are paid a visit by the fire department.The `` firemen '' in this story , unlike their real-world counterparts , start fires , instead of extinguish them . Kerosene shoots out of their hoses instead of water . The FD -LRB- with the number `` 451 '' on their uniforms , indicating the temperature in which paper burns -RRB- is dispatched to the `` criminal 's '' home , and not only sets the books ablaze , but also the home in which they are hidden . After all , they have to set an example to the rest of the community that books are bad and if you are caught with them , your books and your home are toast ... literally.The central character in the book , named Montag , is one of these firemen . For years , he has done his job setting fires , and he does it well . But after a run-in with a girl who 's a free thinker , and a professor who remembers the days when books were taken for granted , he begins to question why the firemen have to burn the books at all.Though written over half a century ago , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is no longer considered science fiction . It is a glimpse of the future to come , and a warning of what the future could hold for us .
 a really great book . kinda short though , wouldve liked to have seen more suspense , but thats the only negative thing i can say about this book . its an awesome story and really throws you for a loop at the end . if you like this book and would like to read more like it , i recommend george orwell 's `` 1984 . '' that one is a really great book also . whereas this book focuses on the extremes of censorship , 1984 focuses on the extremes of propaghanda and kind of circulates around censorship as well . again , only if you like books like this will you enjoy the message that 1984 delivers . it 's kind of a mind f**k though . it really makes you think about whether or not you truly know whats happening in the news . read it and you 'll understand .
 The writing was strange , as was the imagery.However , this book had a very good theme . Now , I know that everyone who reads this book will not see the same theme , but I thought that the theme was that life is better if you use your brain.It was also horryfing to see that nobody knew what they were missing by not being able to read books , they thought that their wonderful big picture TVs would lead them through happiness , and that they could ignore the nasty things about life . But that 's not the way that life is .
 I recommend this novel for those who like to read interesting things . This novel is about how books can not be read at all in society ; it was against the law . Imagine just listening to the media all day and radio stations , where would they get all their facts and information on human nature , or nature itself ? The firefighters in the story create the fire , rather then putting them out . Picture the future with just technology and no books ? This book sort of gets you curious about what is gon na happen towards the ends because of all the killings and interesting talks a man Montag had with a seventeen year old girl named Clarisse . I do n't usually like to read books but when I read this one , I wanted to know what happened next or why the people in the story were acting like that ? It was easy for me to imagine . So for those who would like to read a short book about a hundred and seventy - three pages , I recommend this one . Below is a quote from the story and my commentary about it . So here and take a sneak peak :1 . -RRB- '' He gazed , shaken , at that white hand . He held it way out , as if he were farsighted . He held it close , as if he were blind . ` Montag ! ' He jerked about . ` Do n't stand there , idiot ! ' The books lay like great mounds of fish left to dry . The men danced and slipped and fell over them . Titles glittered their golden eyes , falling , gone . ` Kerosene ! ' They pumped the cold fluid from the numerated 451 tanks strapped to their shoulders . They coated each book ; they pumped rooms full of it . They hurried downstairs , Montag staggering after them in the kerosene fumes . ` Come on , women ! ' The women knelt among the books , touching the drenched leather and cardboard , reading the gilt titles with her fingers while her eyes accused Montag . ` You ca n't ever have my books , ' she said . ` You know the law , ' said Beatty . ` Where 's your common sense ? None of those books agree with each other . You 've been locked up here for years with regular dammed Tower of Babel . Snap out of it ! The people in those books never lived . Come on now ... '' -LRB- 38 -RRB- The problem here is that they are called to put fire to a woman and her house for having books . Montag hesitates and tries to encourage the women to leave while she . The women , Captain Beatty and Montag have an argument about books and set the house on fire.In this scene , it does n't seem like Montag wanted to burn the lady and the books . He seemed hesitant by warning the woman to get out before it 's too late . Books seem to be some people 's most prized possession . In these books , there are problems , trials , death , and unrealistic acts . They feel that there is no purpose in reading these books because it will corrupt what the society runs now . When he states , `` The people in those books never lived . Come on now , '' they feel there is no purpose on how these stories will benefit you positively , but only negatively .
 It 's amazing how a book that was written nearly half a century ago continues to captivate the interest of any reader , aand especially that of a fourteen-year-old like myself . Fahrenheit 451 has managed to do this . Now one of my favorite books , I can sit back and wonder `` what makes this such a good book ? '' I feel the answer is that F. 451 is a slap in the face to Americans living in this day and age . The fact that it appears this is where America is headed - wars -LRB- war with Iraq , war with Afghanistan -RRB- , censorship -LRB- parental advisories on cds , ratings on movies -RRB- , and just a general air of disaffection to the world can be seen every day . America
 In an age of pervasive conformity and the overwhelming prevalence of worthless television such as American Idol , I find it refreshing and inspiring to read such a profoundly original work like Fahrenheit 451 . If we allow our brains to wither away by watching wasteful drivel like Guy Montag 's wife , Mildred , we surrender to the system , and hence , become nothing but another brick in the wall . Ray Bradbury writes as lucidly and fluently with as vital a message as any of the other infamous dystopian novels such as 1984 and Brave New World . Just as Orwell and Huxley champion the cogence of individuality over mere conformity , so too , does Bradbury.Although Guy Montag is the endearing protagonist and his Captain Beatty the intrepid , yet enigmatic antagonist , it is none other than the characters of Clarisse and Mildred that most intigue me . They emanate resoundly as complete foils for each other . Whereas Mildred woefully lacks even any remote semblance of vision , love , passion , or originality , Clarisse conversely possesses an abundant amount of vigor , vibrancy , ingenuity , and genuine zest for life . Guy undergoes an epiphany upon the inscrutable disappearance of Clarisse that , in turn , galvanizes from within his desire to live again . Not only does he begin to read books again , albeit surreptitiously , moreover he also embarks upon a journey to think for himself again , as it were . No longer allowing Captain Beatty or the Mechanical Hound to motivate his conformity through fear tactics , Guy Montag begins upon a new and unchartered path - one that will undoubtedly lead to happiness in the absence of conformity . Fahrenheit 451 is undeniably a timeless classic and should thus be treated as such . 5 HUGE STARS .
 It is pretty up to date , and reflects society , since the concept of different ideas and philosophies is ignored in favor of TV , and remembering the dull words of pop songs , and the dull and almost pointless existences of some people , reflected rather grimly in this book . It was very powerful , and a very remarkable book to say that least . Probably the most realistic and the least sci-fi influenced of all those ` utopian society ' novels .
 Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 , a thought-provoking book about censorship centered around book burning , seemed to get off to a slow start by following the life of the main character , Guy Montag , a firefighter who does not put out fires , but rather burns books for a living . Some of the descriptions given at the beginning of the book were confusing at first , like those of the parlor walls , which really turned out to be futuristic video screens , and the mechanical hound , a robot which is used to track and kill people by the chemical scents they leave behind . However , as I got into the book more , I felt that the almost boring way Bradbury wrote the introduction helps give the reader a sense of what Montag 's life was normally like , and allows the reader to see the vastness of the changes he encounters in his lifestyle.I also felt that as the plot thickened , Bradbury did an excellent job of giving Guy human qualities , such as making him impulsive and sometimes hot-tempered , and showing how he strove to do what he thought was right . His interactions with other characters are very real , especially those with his boss , Beatty . When Montag starts to regret burning books , and starts to perceive that there is more to the books he burns for a living than he and most other people believe , Beatty senses Montag 's change in emotion , and does his best to set him straight , telling him that books are only filled with useless thoughts and people and places created by writers that are long gone . This is the main conflict that leads to the rising action of the novel . Montag is told that books are bad , and thus by human nature becomes even more interested in them . However , the conflict is greater than this , as it is not just Montag versus Beatty . Besides also trying to get his ditsy wife interested in books , Montag faces an internal battle with himself . He has to weigh the consequences of getting caught with books with the rewards of what he could possibly gain by reading . I especially appreciated the effort Bradbury went through to bring the feelings and emotions Montag goes experiences to the reader by his word choice , and the way he showed the reader how Montag was playing a sort of tug-of-war in his mind.I think Bradbury did a good job surprising the reader whenever possible , such as with Montag 's actions . Just when you begin to think that you might see how Guy will act in a situation , Bradbury twists the outcome , keeping you on the edge of your seat in some cases , or at least wondering what will happen next . Such is the case with Faber ; a man Montag becomes friends with who also has interests in the forbidden world of books . Just as Bradbury leads the reader to believe that Faber will be somewhat in control of how Guy responds to the remarks of his boss Beatty , Montag leaves Faber in the dust , taking matters into his own hands and acting on impulse.Bradbury uses a serious tone throughout the novel , which helps to bring forth the importance of the subject at hand . I liked the serous way in which Bradbury presents the world Montag lives in , a world without books or leisure reading material . This made me question what I would do if I were in Montag 's situation , even though in this day and age it is quite unlikely that books would suddenly be totally banned . It really got me thinking about censorship in general , and how at times in the past we made steps toward making Montag 's world a reality by banning books from libraries and bookstores . On the other hand , in brought to light the fact that the bans placed on many books were lifted after such acts were declared unconstitutional , which somewhat renewed my faith in the ability of our government and society to recognize and correct some of its mistakes.The novel is still thought provoking , however , because no matter what kind of society we live in today , we can all imagine living in one that is totally different , one we do not feel comfortable in , one that we let our imaginations run wild in creating it , making it painful to think about let alone live in . I enjoyed how the novel made me realize how many freedoms we have nowadays , and how they can easily be taken away.Without spoiling the ending , I just want to say that I thought it was very fitting . As Granger says near the end of the novel , `` You 're not important . You 're not anything . '' Montag and his group would have appeared to be insignificant to any unsuspecting stranger , even though they were the keys to a vast world of knowledge , one they hope someday the world will get to experience again.Though I do think that Ray Bradbury did a very good job of writing Fahrenheit 451 , I feel that it has a few weaknesses . First would have to be a shortness of description , especially at the beginning of the novel when the reader is trying to form an image of the world Montag lives in . His short initial description of things such as the parlor walls and the mechanical hound left me somewhat confused about what they really had to do with the novel . Another case of confusion occurred with the mechanical snake that was used to empty Montag 's wife 's stomach and change her blood while she was sleeping after Montag found out that his wife , Mildred , had swallowed some thirty sleeping pills . It is not so confusing how this event happens but rather why it happens , and it does not seem to be important later in the story.Despite some weaknesses , the main point of Fahrenheit 451 is clear , and makes the book a definite `` must-read . ''
 This novel of the dangers of a world without books is extremely insightful . It follows the story of Guy Montag , a firefighter who starts fires . Burning books is his true joy until a young girl and a professor show him the true light . Althought it is a relatively easy read , it is though provoking and enjoyable . The tale warns of editing and being afraid of stepping on others toes . This book speaks out and is not one that can be kept silent . Its powerful words tend to remain even after the last lines have been read . This is a must read for all , and a novel that will be savored until the very last words .
 Brilliant . If you have not read this book , read it . If you can only read one book your entire life , make it this one . It is the masterpeice of the modern era from the man I would consider its finest writer .
 Farenheit 451 is considered by many a highly acclaimed novel that remarkably illustrates the corruptive paths that our future may hold in store for us because of the effects of censorship . It drasticly emphasizes ceonsorship and the devestating impact that can take place from it . Some people believe that censorship has advantages in that it prevents exposure of inappropriate media to the youths of society . Farenheit 451 offers a different view on the subject . The many wars that people gave their lives to could very well be considered in vain by the destruction of books in Farenheit 451 . The characters played an important role in bringing across this point . I strongly believe that Clarisse McCleannan in the book was that of one who was living in the past in in a way much like our opinions would be towards the sitsuation . She spoke of the past in ways we would speak of our present . I believe that this is a message about the calamities of nesorship that the writer is striving to get across . Although a novel relating to sceince fiction you might consider the various conversations between Guy Montag and Clarisse McCleannan to be heated debates on censorship and what can take place from it . Once again I stand forth and strongy believe that Ray Bradbury , author of Farenheit 451 , is not making a science fiction novel for his well being , but to try to put out a powerful message on censorship and the drastic effects it can have on ourselves and freedom .
 When I began teaching three years ago , I was required to teach this book . Having never read it before , I began reading it just before our winter break . As I soaked up the story of the book , I realized my students were already living it . They begged me daily , `` Ms. Hill , why do we have to read this stupid book ? Ca n't we just watch the movie ? '' As I got deeper and deeper into the book , I grew increasingly depressed about the future of the world.Then I realized
 This book is absolutely amazing . It describes a time in the future where censorship prevails and minds are caged . Nobody has original thoughts ; with the abolishing of books creativity was lost as well . Guy Montag , the protagonist , is a fireman -LRB- firemen burn books in this story -RRB- who has to fight to pull himself from the grip of an overpowering government and tradition , only to see that it is all useless -LRB- why teach to people who ca n't understand ? -RRB- . The novel shows what censorship can do to a society , and why individuals must not accept the norm without questioning its integrity and implications . Overall , read this book immediately and apply what you learn from it into everyday life.By the way , ignore all of the reviewers that gave the book a low score because they could not understand the plot and symbolism . Their comments are similar to saying Shakespeare 's works are poorly written because he uses odd vocabulary and the plot is too complex . Unfortunately , these people make of the mass of society , which is why these reviews are commonplace . -LRB- The funny thing is , the novel specifically targets these kind of people ... -RRB-
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a simply great book . Yes , it 's quite distressing and unpleasant to read - because what Bradbury describes is much closer to truth than we 'd like it to be . And that is precisely what makes the reality of the book so alike our own - it 's more pleasant not to think about such things , and therefore one can merely say the book does n't suit one 's taste and go ` get entertained ' in front of the TV.The disturbing thing about the book is that , unlike many other books that deal with the distant future , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' -LRB- written in 1953 -RRB- has n't been proved wrong simply by time itself . Not at all . Actually , what is shocking to realize is that we 've come quite close to the society Bradbury writes about . Perhaps books have n't been banned yet , but it is indeed the entertainment industry that controls people 's minds , the political correctness has reached ridiculous levels , there are ads everywhere and now we even have Segways so that we do n't have to walk anywhere ... And , of course , we can get a thousand page long classics shortened to a hundred pages - or , better yet , simply watch the movie.The book also has other qualities besides making one think -LRB- which is , judging by some other reviews , one of its biggest downsides -RRB- . One can not but admire the brilliant way Bradbury uses absurd and creates a completely surreal feeling by using the methods of expressionism to describe the feelings and thoughts of the main character.Bradbury sure had things to write about - and that can be proved by even something as simple as the fact I 've spent the last half an hour writing a review on the Internet rather than reading a good book or looking at the world ...
 I read this book about 18 months ago , but I am writing a review now because the book came up during a mealtime conversation . We talked about how prophetic a very good science fiction writer can be . This is definitely the case in Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 . Guy Montag lives in a world that represses freedom of speech , creativity , and the core of human spirit . People , including his estranged wife , are drones glued to these pseudo realities in television . It describes senseless trivia shows -LRB- can anyone say `` Who wants to be a millionaire ? '' -RRB- and awfully realistic soap operas that his wife affectionatly refers to as the `` family . `` What is most disturbing is that as televisions and technology become more `` artificially intelligent '' we will face some of the brainless drivel -LRB- we already do -RRB- that the major media networks provide us.As a fireman , Guy Montag starts fires with books as the culprit - rather than putting them out . The idea is that books can make some people feel bad and as a result we should get rid of them - in other words books can be controversial and our country does not need disputes . The enforcer is a mechanical dog -LRB- which I found a little unrealistic and distracting -RRB- that injects a lethal poison into any opponents . Despite the silliness of the mechanical dog - the underlying theme is fantastic - open your mind and save the beauty of spontaneity and creativity of the human spirit .
 It was a pleasure to burn . So begins , with this absolutely perfect opening line , Ray Bradbury 's celebrated exposition of the dangers of censorship . Everybody knows that Fahrenheit 451 is a novel about book-burning , but this story goes much deeper than those not having read it may suspect . Its message truly does become even more germane and prophetic with every passing day . The skeleton of the plot is rather basic , really . Guy Montag is a fireman whose job it is to burn books and the houses in which these dangerous manifestations of inane scribbling reside - usually hidden . No one even remembers a time when firemen actually put out fires . We join Guy 's life as he enters into a cusp of uncertainty . He has dared to pilfer a book here and there and stash them in his house , a most dangerous crime indeed . He soon meets a free-spirited teenager who breathes life into his state of uncertainty and opens his mind to brand new thoughts and possibilities . When she makes him admit that he is not happy , his life is changed forever . He ca n't take the lack of substance all around him , the wife who thinks of nothing but `` the family '' -LRB- a type of interactive programming that dominates the living room -RRB- , the impending war which everyone essentially ignores . He knows there must be something else in life , and he comes to believe that the enlightenment he is after must surely be contained in books . Montag 's conversations with his Fire Chief on this subject are quite astounding and revealing , and between this and Montag 's friendship with an old former professor , we learn how Montag 's world came to be this way.The government did not simply ban books overnight . Censorship started slowly and at low levels . Some minority group complained about this - deleted ; another group complained about that - gone ; these fellows over here object to so-and-so - zip . So many little pieces of books were removed that , over time , the very essence of books was destroyed . While the government has now come to insist that reading books is a crime , the horrible truth of the matter is that the society itself , in its fractious ways , is the party responsible for this tragic state of affairs . Can there be a more timely topic for our own time ? We continually see history books being rewritten , `` objectionable '' words , phrases , and -LRB- horror of horrors -RRB- ideas removed from novels and poems so that no one can possibly be offended by anything under the sun . Censorship is a cancer on society , and the world needs visionaries such as Ray Bradbury to forcefully draw attention to the cold hard facts that a majority of the population seems to ignore or fails to acknowledge . Once the true meaning has been chopped out of the books lining our shelves , it will be too late to reverse the momentum without the aid of some kind of miracle . Fahrenheit 451 's message is one that all people should be exposed to , and this novel is such a quick -LRB- but powerful -RRB- read that everyone really should read it . As horrible as it is to envision , I fear that this type of censorship could indeed happen here .
 I am teaching `` Fahrenheit 451 '' as the example of a dsytopian novel in my Science Fiction class , although it is certainly one of the most atypical of that particular type of narrative discourse . Compared to such heavy weight examples as George Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World , '' Yevgeny Zamiatin 's `` We , '' Ray Bradbury 's imaginative meditation on censorship seems like light reading . But the delicious irony of a world in which firemen start fires remains postent and the idea of people memorizing books so they will be preserved for future generations is compelling . Of course , there have been more documented cases of `` book burning , '' albeit in less literal forms , since `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was first published in 1953 , so an argument can be made that while all the public debate was over how close we were the Orwellian future envisioned in `` 1984 , '' it is Bradbury 's little parable that may well be more realistic -LRB- especially in terms of the effects of television -RRB- . The novel is based on a short story , `` The Fireman , '' that Bradbury published in `` Galaxy Science Fiction '' in 1951 and then expanded into `` Fahrenheit 451 '' two years later . However , those who have studied Bradbury 's writings caw trace key elements back to a 1948 story `` Pillar of Fire '' and the `` Usher II '' story from his 1950 work `` The Martian Chronicles . '' Beyond that , there is the historical record of the Nazis burning books in 1933 . The story is of a future world in which everyone understands that books are for burning , along with the houses in which they were hidden . Guy Montage is a fireman who has been happy in his work for ten years , but suddenly finds himself asking questions when he meets a teenage girl and an old professor . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is not only about censorship , but also about the inherent tension in advanced societies between knowledge and ignorance . Reading this novel again I am reminded about Pat Paulsen 's editorial on the old `` Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour '' -LRB- a series well acquainted with the perils of censorship -RRB- about how we might enjoy freedom of speech in this country but we do not enjoy freedom of hearing because `` there is always the danger of something being said . '' Censorship , in practical terms , is the effort of those who do not want others to hear what they find offensive , for whatever reasons , basically because it leads to people thinking thoughts they do not want them to be thinking . Through the rambling diatribes of Captain Beatty , Bradbury makes this point quite clear to his readers.Even though this is essentially a novella , Bradbury 's work retains the charm of a short story . The recurring use of animal imagery throughout the story , the use of the mythic ideas of the salamander and the phoenix , make `` Fahrenheit 451 '' more poetic than any other dystopian work . Even if it is predominantly a one note argument regarding censorship , it is impossible to deny that Bradbury makes a clear and convincing case for his position . Besides , there is something to be said for any work that insures that beyond the point at which water freezes the only other recognizable number on the Fahrenheit scale is the point at which book paper starts to burn .
 `` The good writers touch life often . The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her . The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies . '' Thus says FAHRENHEIT 451 's Professor Faber in explaining to Guy Montag the importance of the `` telling detail '' of books . Montag is ready to hear these words , his job as a book burner in this twisted society of Ray Bradbury 's invention no longer makes sense to him.Books are illegal in the world of FAHRENHEIT 451 . So is driving under 55 m.p.h. Faster is always considered better . Montag 's society does n't want anyone to stop and reflect , because it realizes that if people stop and think about things , they 'll get restless . As Montag 's fire captain tells him , `` You ask why to a lot of things and you wind up very unhappy indeed . '' An important difference between this futuristic society created in 1953 and George Orwell 's world of 1984 is that Orwell 's government was top-down while all the minorities -LRB- of every race , color and creed -RRB- in Bradbury 's dystopia got together to burn everything that offended them . In this case , lack of tolerance for differing voices led to no voices at all -- democracy has eaten itself by misunderstanding itself . Problems are n't faced ; they are burned . This is the world Guy Montag rebels against ; how deeply it reflects our own world is something to think about along the way.Ray Bradbury is a good writer , one who encourages people to ask the question `` why '' . He wants everyone to have a voice and to be able to express himself or herself , but not in such a way that they drown out other voices -- the best ideas , he seems to believe , will naturally come to the fore . A short book of under 180 pages , FAHRENHEIT 451 is often assigned to middle school students . For those -- like myself -- who missed it in school , it still stands as an important work for all lovers of reading , freedom , and ideas for their own sake .
 Sometime in the not-so-distant future , the world will change severely . Soon people 's homes will be completely fireproofed , leaving no use for firemen as they are thought of today . But they will not be out of work ; their role will simply change . In an ever increasingly television oriented society where yesterday 's classics are now thought of as censurable tripe , firemen will be starting fires , not stopping them . Their new role will be of a secret police that search out the hated books and raise their temperature to the level at which books burn , Fahrenheit 451 . This is the premise of Ray Bradbury 's novel . Bradbury 's story is an ominous look into where he fears society is presently headed . It is in many ways a warning against existing increasing rates of demoralization , drug use , addiction to non thought-provoking activities , and illiteracy . He easily communicates how such simple trends could evolve into societal brainwashing and individuals who say they are happy , think they are ` social , ' and simply spend all their time in their parlors -LRB- the ultimate in new television technology -RRB- . One of the self-proclaimed ` odd ' people of this book went decidedly against the norm in saying , `` But I do n't think it 's social to get a bunch of people together and then not let them talk , do you ? '' However , this book is not solidly a story of doom and gloom . The main character is a fireman named Montag and he ends up providing hope for the reader . While he is not a godlike hero , made up of courage and thew , he does fit the quixotic template in that he is a sad classicist in a new and frightening time . After only a small jolt of reality from an imaginative child , he realizes the world could be made of truth and beauty , rather than the contemporary cheap thrills and insatiable cupidity . Furthermore , this tale has much in common with two other critically acclaimed classics . Montag 's government is merely interested in controlling the people while waging war with other super powers , much like the opression in George Orwell 's 1984 . Additionally , individuals hold very little sacred , no one cares for human life and everyone is looking for a cheap -LRB- often-dangerous -RRB- thrill . This is a public where men who handle drug overdoses are not concerned that such matters happen `` nine or ten a night , '' all of this general apathy is mirrored in the novel Brave New World . But , again , Bradbury is a creative author , and his visions of the future are not nearly as hopeless as 1984 , or so alien and drug based as Brave New World . Fahrenheit 451 's point is twofold . While it warns against where society is headed , it also shows that it only takes good people like Montag to bring society back from the brink of ruination . This faith in the goodness of the common man does not falter and shows optimism that is not always part of such works . Upbeat themes can be hard to find in such otherwise bleak forewarnings , and even in most normal classics it is hard to find a purely happy ending and/or main point . Seeing as this book was published over forty years ago one would assume that it is out of date , but this is not true . It is a science-fiction book without any unbelievable differences between this projected world and our own . Also , Fahrenheit 451 is easily read . The book communicates its point in a mere 160 pages , none of which are filled with incomprehensible vocabulary . It contains enough action for those who like it , and plenty of Montag 's self-realizations for readers interested in seeing characters delve into their own mind 's inner recesses . This book should be a joy to anyone who chooses to pick it up . Conversely , this easily enjoyed book carries with it some strong meaning . Montag 's experiences are a warning to people who would get so used to their impersonal lifestyle that they would become desensitized to many of the world 's horrors . Upon finishing the book , one is sure to be more guarded against choosing an easy path , and therefore becoming less of a human . Bradbury did well in bringing the way life became more and more impersonal and barbaric . `` I put up with -LRB- my children -RRB- when they come home three days a month ; it 's not bad at all . You heave them into the ` parlor ' and turn on the switch . It 's like washing clothes . '' In likening children to annoying creatures which deserve as much attention as laundry , the character who made this statement both disgusts the audience and says the statement as if it were only natural . The author has a talent for letting his audience see situations both as they normally would and as the characters do . Even through the opening we see some of the book 's many themes played out in Montag .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , written by Ray Bradbury , is the chilling , prophetic , science fiction novel of the future . About censorship , it portrays a world where books are outlawed by a totalitarian goverenment , it shows how society 's only goal is to achieve `` pleasure '' through the senses . It tells of a world where petty facts are more valued than knowledge and ideas ; a place and time where no one questions what they are doing and why , but just doing it by rote . Guy Montag is a fireman of the future . Ironically , his job is to start fires , to burn everything , especially `` corrupt '' books that contradict the government , and society 's way of life ; books that make people think and learn to question things . Like all others , he does n't ask questions , and enjoys his job , enjoys burning things , because `` fire is bright and fire is clean . '' He lives oblivious to the frightening realities of life until his next-door neighbor , Clarisse , a young girl of seventeen , teaches him to ponder what might be behind the books that he burns , to learn to ask the question `` why ? '' This causes him to undergo a `` crisis of fiath . '' Examining his life for the first time , he sees how empty and meaningless it is . His wife cares for nothing else than her `` television family '' and is sucked into a world of endless chatter , movement , and moving images . He realizes the terrible horror of what society is doing ; watching the tube , `` oohing '' and `` aahing '' but not really talking nor communicating with one another . Montag grows to recognize what a corrupt society he is living in . When clarisse mysteriously disappears , Montag is motivated to make some changes in his life . During nighttime `` calls , '' he starts hoarding books away in his home , determined to understand what is behind those pages . Montag also tries to ignore Captain Beatty who tries to confuse him in his search for the meaning of books . Pondering the questions of life , his futile search for the ultimate `` truth '' leads him to Faber , a retired English professor . With Faber 's help , Montag finds the road to justice and restoring the `` past '' where people are not afraid . Written in third-person , this book is an excellent portrayal of human nature ; the good , the bad , and the in-between . Ray Bradbury , the author , paints a vivid picture of a future with no books , and makes the reader realize that without books , creativity and thought would be stifled . Literary devices such as similes , metaphors , and rich symbolism -LRB- example
 Several reviews on here have given Fahrenheit 451 a low score because they thought the premise was too far-fetched . These reviewers are n't aware of the situations that exist in certain theocracies around the world . Afghanistan under the Taliban outlawed television and women were not allowed to read or educate themselves . In several Middle East countries , merely speaking up against the government makes you a target.Bradbury looked at different phenomena in our society - the desire to not offend anyone , the dumbing-down of a society in love with television , etc. , and simply extrapolated these until he reached an end very similar to the conditions that existed under the Taliban.Part of the point of science fiction is to be far-fetched , but good science fiction uses those far-fetched ideas to warn us of the dangers of the present , in this case the dangers of censorship , of political correctness , of television , and anyone who thinks those dangers are not real , that this book does n't have relevant warnings , has n't studied the real world enough.Everyone should read this book . It 's an entertaining and easy read but also has a lot of idealogical depth behind it for those who are willing to think and read at the same time . If you do n't want to think about what you read , well , go watch TV and be done with it !
 Bradbury has created a shockingly realistic future for us , where the desire to be happy overrules the need to be informed . The most frightening part , perhaps , is that this style of censorship is practiced in high schools across the country . As a high school senior , I have witnessed several instances of attempted `` book bannings '' from school libraries , mostly led by misinformed parents who could not see through the 4-letter words or `` disturbing '' situations to the true worth of the novel . Unlike 1984 or Brave New World before him , Bradbury 's world is closer to ours , and much more attainable.The theme of Fahrenheit 451 is seeing through the clutter and propaganda to what is truly important . Not necessarily books in particular , but the essence of life which they capture and present in sometimes startling ways . Guy Montag , Clarisse McClellan , Faber , and few others can see that butterfly in a landfill essence of truth , and their contrast against the rest of the world shocks the most disillusioned reader into realizing that , in literature , there is truth . In a world where science and technology are increasingly more important , Fahrenheit 451 is a far-sighted message from the past telling us , indeed , the arts are what puts us above the primates .
 This is n't exactly a review . I do n't enjoy writing reviews for books that already have so many reviews written for them , because what 's the point ? And a classic like this has already been described so many times , who needs another person to repeat the same synopsis again ? But two days ago , after a kid ran into my Science class screaming that Ray Bradbury had died , I knew I had to write something about this book.As said before , I wo n't describe this book , since if you 're reading this , you probably know already . When I first read this book two years ago , I was enthralled . For me at the time , classics were overrated , boring , and way too old to be relevant . Then came Fahrenheit 451 . After finding out that it was published relatively recently by an author who had not yet died , I whined in my head , ` But then it 's not a _ true _ classic . ' Eventually , and miraculously , I managed to discipline myself to read it-and I LOVED it . It was so original , and actually SUSPENSEFUL-all of a sudden , my view on classics were changed . I realized I was stupid for not thinking that before , and how childish I was -LRB- fine , I was in middle school , but still -RRB- . Soon I will have to read Fahrenheit 451 for high school , and I actually feel quite happy about that.I 'm writing this in honor of Ray Bradbury , in a way . He died on the fifth of June , 2012 . I would just like to say , Mr. Bradbury , that your book was truly a masterpiece , and changed my life in more ways than one . I hope that you rest in peace . And wherever you are now , I hope you died knowing that your book would soon become a true classic . -- written by a teenager .
 Give Fahrenheit 451 a read . It describes a world where people are sucked into tv/media and become drones of the state . If you 've ever seen Fight Club or opposed censorship you 'll enjoy it . The author Ray Bradbury passed last night , he was 91 .
 You 've heard about the title , so you know this is a book in which books are burned . That is , indeed the most symbolic aspect of the novel . But the novel 's richness comes not so much from the scenes and fact of book burnings , as the daily life of mind-numbing television and prescription drugs . As our narrator notes , `` the firemen are rarely necessary . '' Most people simply lost themselves in `` wall televisions , '' joy rides , advertising , shopping , and -- above all -- infotainment . This dystopian society is not unlike our own
 I was well on my way to dropping out of high school due to sheer boredom when my English II teacher assigned this book . It read like it was written just months before , illustrating the sinkholes modern society had been slowly hollowing out in the 20th -LRB- and now 21st -RRB- Century . Always pertient and on topic , it 's the kind of story that never looses its edge and becomes more true every time you read it . Sometimes we 're Mildred , sometime 's we 're Guy , sometime 's we 're Clarisse . Always , 451 assures that humanity will make it somehow . All we 've got to do is follow the tracks .
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of those books that will never show its age . Ray Bradbury wrote it in 1953 but it feels contemporary even today and its warnings are as applicable -LRB- if not more applicable -RRB- to today 's society as society in the 50 's . Like George Orwell 's 1984 , it comments on humanity by imagining its hypothetical future ; a dysfunctional society conditioning itself into thinking that everything is OK when it really is not . Unlike George Orwell 's 1984 , however , Fahrenheit 451 is a fairly easy read , and can be enjoyed by pretty much anyone . This is definitely a good thing , though , because many casual readers would be turned off by Orwell 's long philosophical passages questioning what defines reality . Fahrenheit 451 stands among 1984 , Brave New World , and The Handmaid 's Tale because of its significance , but because of its less technical and easier-to-read format appeals to a wider audience than any of these other books -- giving it a distinct advantage for casual readers who still wonder where mankind might be headed.As far as plot goes , the book follows its main character , Guy Montag , through a short period of time in his life . Montag is a fireman in the unspecified future -- but it 's far enough in the future that the meaning of the word `` fireman '' has changed . In Montag 's world , instead of putting fires out , firemen start fires . In this future , reading books is illegal for purposes of mass censorship and anyone caught with books has their fireproof house burned clean of their contraband libraries . Montag lives a happy life with a happy wife and enjoys his job until one day a young girl named Clarisse teaches him to ask questions -- something the government does not want its citizens to do . Ultimately , this causes him to `` wake up '' and see everything that is wrong with his life.He is not in love with his wife -LRB- in fact , he can not even remember where he met her -RRB- , his job is to ruin other people 's lives , and he does n't even know what happiness really means . Happiness to the masses is mindlessness ; staring at wall-sized television screens in-between work and sleep . Obviously this pacification is no substitute for true happiness , and when Montag becomes aware of this and the fact that everyone else in the nation thinks they are happy as unthinking sheep , he feels the need to change it . He decides to read some books to find out how , effectively becoming a criminal.The main reason this is a great book is because its implications are very important to our society . However , it is also just a well-written book . It does n't get stuck at any part of the story with too much of Montag 's thoughts and not enough action , but it does n't leave out the thought-provoking parts , either ; it 's a careful balance that keeps you interested enough to want to keep reading and intrigued enough to want to think . The book also has great character development , as most of its main characters go through drastic changes over the course of the story . When Montag first talks to Clarisse it is obvious though the dialogue and narration that she really annoys him . Slowly , though , as he talks to her more , his opinion changes , and eventually , even though he is offended by her , he has taken a liking to her.Still , what keeps this book important is what it means . In modern society many of Bradbury 's predictions have come true -- TV screens get bigger and clearer as people walk around with iPod earbuds blaring , ignoring one another completely . Reading may not be illegal , but the entertainment industry has a pretty strong grip on a huge portion of the population through television , discouraging reading by encouraging watching . The main thing Bradbury is promoting here is thought -- the downfall of man in the book is ultimately attributed to losing interest in thinking . Which is why Clarisse has such a profound impact on Montag while doing something as simple as making him think.And who knows ? If you watch a lot of reality TV , this book may do to you what Clarisse did to Montag . That 's right -- turn you into a fugitive . Oh , and it might make you think , too . Hopefully it will do that instead of making you a fugitive . Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting , enjoyable , and important book for modern-day readers to read . Even if you read it , end up disliking it , and find yourself wanting to set it on fire , at least that would somehow be ironically appropriate . Because Fahrenheit 451 is a very quick and easy read , you have nothing to lose by reading it , and if what it predicts is true , you may have everything to lose by not reading it .
 With great prescience , Ray Bradbury wrote Fahrenheit 451 over fifty years ago . Today , this story is no longer prescient but instead insightful of the situation of the West as it stands . Pluralism which was celebrated in the past has become a prison against plurality , destroying freedom of speech because of political correctness . Materialism -LRB- both practical and philosophical -RRB- has driven us in two different directions
 Compared to many books that I have read Fahrenheit 451 was enlightening , imaginative and illustrative . Today , people now are glued to the television and they seem to take no interest in being active . Although Bradbury 's novel seemed out of the ordinary , it is somewhat close to the society that we are in today.In Ray Bradbury 's novel Guy Montag has been a fireman for 10 years and never questioned anything in his life until he met this young woman named Clarisse Mclellan . Clarisse was an eccentric young girl , she was happy , thoughtful , and questioned many things around her . The people around her were busy watching TV on walls , listening to seashells , and driving dangerously fast . When she met Montag , she knew he was different . He looked at her when she talked , he followed things that she said and was intrigued by her personality . Clarisse touched Montag 's life in many ways , which triggered him to realize that life was n't just about burning books , it is about discovery and thinking . Shortly , after Clarisse 's death Montag became confused and began to seek for an old friend named Professor Faber . When he saw Montag again , he was afraid he had come to burn his books instead Montag had come to Faber for answers . After speaking with Faber , Montag had realized what a fool he had been and knew that something needed to be done.Ray Bradbury 's novel is very close to unveiling the truth of what our society might become if there is no longer a use for intelligence , individuality , and knowledge . Television networks come up with reality TV shows , competitive shows , comedies , and mysteries to keep viewers interested in what the electric box has to offer . With people attached to the television all day the information that is offered out there will become obsolete .
 Upon first thinking of the book burning concept , I thought to myself , `` That 's unrealistic . It would never get that far . '' After reading Fahrenheit 451 , however , I 've come to realize that the creep towards censorship is insidious , and the American society is closer than I had previously realized . With the several groups , races , sects , and organizations complaining and protesting over every word that offends their fragile egos , with political correctness rewriting books and documentation even as I write this review , Bradbury was much closer to predicting the future than even he had probably imagined.Guy Montag is a fire fighter in the new world , a world where firemen start fires rather than douse the blazes . He travels from house to house , totally incinerating any location that dares possess and read books that do not fit the very limited list that has become acceptable . Regardless of families , livelihoods , or other considerations , if the occupant owns books , the house will be set ablaze . Montag 's job , however , has started to make him consider the consequences and reasons his job exists.Montag meets a teenage girl named Clarisse in his neighborhood with an odd aura about her . She causes him to think deeply , to consider that which he had previously taken for granted . Her entire way of life , her family atmosphere , it all takes him by surprise , and eventually invigorates him with life he had n't felt in quite some time . The daily monotony of his life , his marriage , and his job had Montag quite melancholy , and the new perspective brought on by the young girl with an odd wisdom becomes the catalyst for life changes.What follows is a brilliantly described story , where the details fly off the pages in colorful and lively metaphors . Bradbury 's style allows each reader to clearly and easily see the images of Montag 's world , a world in which Montag must now make a decision to continue living his life , or to follow his heart and mind into a new and dangerous journey.In the end it 's a story about the dangers of groupthink and the loss of freedom . It 's a prophetic warning , showing how seemingly minor forms of censorship could eventually lead to a society without the basic freedoms of individual thought , self-expression , or self-growth . I ca n't recommend this book highly enough , and it should be required reading for every school across the nation .
 This is perhaps the most thought provoking book I have ever read . Unfortunately , I missed this book in my earlier days of public education , but I have found a real treasure now . This book is very topical in the policitically-correct world in which we live . I find it hard to believe that so many of the fears that are expressed in Beatty 's speech to Montag regarding why books or ideas were burned have come to fruition . In fact , the most stirring part of this edition is the coda where Bradbury 's ideas about censorship are expressed in first-person . A must read for any would-be scholar .
 In this day and age , with the internet , and TV , the printed word is becoming endangered . Ray Bradbury takes this to the next level in his masterpice in which books are illegal , and original thinking is considered odd . This book showes what can happen to our society if we let go of the written word .
 Este libro de Bradbury tiene un fondo impresionate con una historia original , fresca y aterradora pero a la vez una naracion tan detallada y bien hecha que uno tiene que terminar de leer el libro tan pornto pasa las primeras dos paginas . Es un futuro aterrador el que plantea -LRB- imaginese vivir sin Amazon.com ni nada que se le paresca -RRB- pero su mente elavora muy bien la historia y no se mete en detalles tecnicos como , que a & ntilde ; o es , como se monitorean las personas o comofuncionan los aparatatos . Toma toco cono un futuro ya establecido que no requiere mas explicaci&oacute;n que la indispensable para la historia . Una joya literaria para degustar con una lectura pasuada pero sin pausas .
 Striking , scary , almost here . Yes , I think most people who love books , value free thought and expression , and worry about our personal freedoms being taken away one by one -LRB- which they are , folks -RRB- can identify with this story . Guy Montag wakes up one day to realize that all the material possessions of his life , indeed , his whole way of life is empty and meaningless . In Montag 's world , the powers that be want everyone to be lulled into a state of false security . No one is allowed to stir the pot -LRB- remind anyone of the recent political conventions where anyone who protested anything was beaten and arrested ? -RRB- . Yes , anyone who ca n't see the symbolism so blatantly laid out before them is probably on a school board somewhere and wants to ban this book anyway . I read this book when I was about 12 years old , and I understood the implications at that young age . I think I read To Kill a Mokingbird the same year . When I moved to California in 1984 , One of the North County School boards had banned To Kill a Mokingbird and it was quite a fight that took place . I re-read this book at that time , and every few years since . It 's message is timeless , and if anyone has seen the advertisements for the Flat TVs that you hang on a wall , you may get a bit frightened by Bradbury 's vision of the future . Fahrenheit 451 is the temperature at which books burn , by the way . This should be standard reading for everyone .
 The book is not a standard SF and it is not meant to be . The idea is VERY plausible . Written 50 years ago , the idea of TV being a national obsession was ludicrous . Who knew ? The white clown is very similar to the extremely violent shows that we let be on TV . And the books ... the censorship . This is what will happen if we let censorship go any farther . And the scene where the women are discussing their children , absolutly scary . Good book . Read it .
 It is almost uncanny that Bradbury depicted this as the exaggerated furture for books . Certainly this is not an action packed blood bath but it is excting . He shows all to well how books full of literary beauty will be removed from view in public schools , libraries , etc. . If you want to read a classic book this is just what you are looking for . It is set in the future where media dominates the earth and reading is believed to be a rash on society . As you read through and discover how well he depicted what is happening you will be vastly impressed how right he is . This is a must read book for those who want a good read and for literary knowedge . Despite all this , the reason I did n't give it five stars is because I do like action and this lacks some of what it could have .
 This book was very good . It was about censorship of the future that the government has to keep people happy . People are n't allowed to read books it was forbidden to the law . Can you imagine the world without a book ? The people will think the same things , and they wo n't have any things to talk about because even jokes come from books . When I was reading it I thought , ` The government is wrong they should let people read books . If some people are n't happy because they ca n't read books , then the government is making them unhappy . ' I like the books very much and if it is our future I probably ca n't live the one moment of it . This book was hard to understand at the first time , so I read it again and enjoyed very much . -LRB- If you have any questions e-mail me at Azn_Cutie7777@hotmail.com . Thank you . -RRB-
 This one of a kind novel by Ray Bradbury is an interesting story with many twists and turns from its almost boring beginnings to its dramatic and action-packed closing . As a soft science-fiction novel Mr. Bradbury made a powerful statement about what he thought the world was coming to with its ever evolving societies . Already some somewhat small groups of people are forbidding the reading of certain types of literature . In my personal opinion , I think that every person on the face of this Earth deserves to have a chance to read , Even if this book that a person decided to read went against all the morals that the society currently values .
 If you like to read about the future , this is a great book to read ! Fahrenheit451 is a great book on what are future could be like . Do you think that you could ever survive with out books ? This society dose . What 's a fireman to you ? You might just be surprised in this book ! This book was interesting because you would never guessed the ending or certain thing that happened ! I hope you enjoy this book . I enjoyed very much !
 A future in which books are burnt , teenagers are violent , and free thinking has been destroyed . The few free thinkers that are left are killed , and yet , one man saves a book and reads it , making him a wanted criminal . Guy Montag , the hero , is this man , the rebel , the fireman whose job it is to burn books . This is a classic about censorship , that is now more important than before . Be sure to read this one , along with Orwell 's 1984 , and you 'll get a clear view on what the future can be . And remember , at 451 degrees Fahrenheit is the temperature at which books burn .
 it is more like poetry than normal novel ; first time would be hard to get through -LRB- my friends told me that -RRB- but it 's worth of that !!!! and more you read more you like it ; it 'll get better every time you read it , maybe you 'll find more views too ... you 'd have this in your own `` homelibrary ''
 I recently read Bradbury 's work `` Fahrenheit 451 '' for a book report in a class . I am a junior in high school and quite frankly hate to read . It 's very difficult for me to get interested in a book . This book , however , caught my attention . Maybe I just like books about the future . It 's an entertaining novel discussing the struggle between Conformity and Individuality . Montag acts just as his society intends him to until he meets some very important people that show him a more interesting and exciting life filled with knowledge . Of course , his brainwashed wife , Millie , continues to acts as one of the androids that society has made her to be . This is a very important work about censorship and the dull lives that it would inflict on us if we lost our freedom of speech , our freedom of the press , and even the freedom to the written word .
 I 'm a sophomore in high school , and I just finished reading F451 . I may be slightly bias , since I love to read , particularly Sci-fi -LRB- Star Trek rules ! -RRB- , but this book was really good . I know many read this book in their junior high years , but I think it 's better if it 's read a little later , when it can be `` digested '' more thoroughly by a more mature audience . So many people , regardless of high school levels , hate to read , and I sincerely believe that is one of the most dangerous things in today 's society . Schools do not stress music , art , and literature nearly as much as they should . We learn to THINK -- we gain WISDOM from what we READ , not from playing sports and playing games on computers . Even many colleges give out more sports scholarships than academic scholarships . Western Civilization had better watch out , or Ray Bradbury 's sci-fi book will become REALITY ...
 Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent book . Bradbury portrays the future in a very interesting way . The firemen burndown buildings , instead of saving them . Bradbury portrayed what he thought the future would be like . He portrays a world where people who think for themselves and question are outcasts and fugitives . Fehrenheit 451 is a very interesting story , but it can be confusing at times , making the reader reread paragraphs to understand what is going on . Bradbury does n't use complicated words , so the reader wo n't need a dictionary by their side . I like the lenghth of this book . It is only about 150 pages long . The story also moves at a very fast pace . The plot is set right from the beginning . I feel that the story is developed well until the end . The climax comes and the end is right after that . There are not many characters to get bogged down with either . I liked this because the whole book centered around one person , not many people showing many stories . Over all , Fehrenheit 451 is very well written and exciting . I would recomend this to anyone interested in sci-fi and fantasy books .
 I enjoyed the book very much and would definitly recomend it to others . It is very fast paced and the action starts right from the begining of the book . The plot is very interesting because of the similarities between Ray 's world and ours . If you like futurist books or even books about our world , and science fiction , this is definitly a great book .
 Fahrenheit 451 thoughtfully portrays the need for knowledge in society . With the attempted eradication of books , people of this futuristic society are left empty , afraid , and become enveloped in materialistic and trivial exploits . Individuality , Thought , and Creative Expression become victims of the book-burning fireman . The story presents a convincing argument as to the necessity of various means of knowledge in society . In my opinion , people of all ages could profit from experiencing the literary quality of Fahrenheit 451 .
 This book at first might seem hard to get into but once you do it is amazing how the book depicts our society . After reading you feel as if you might be living in the same world as Guy Montag and you are glad that as people today we have the right to THINK . This book shows that people today have to clean up our acts or we soon might be living in that scary society .
 This book at first might seem hard to get into but once you do it is amazing how the book depicts our society . After reading you feel as if you might be living in the same world as Guy Montag and you are glad that as people today we have the right to THINK . This book shows that people today have to clean up our acts or we soon might be living in that scary society .
 `` With this great pythoon spitting it 's venomous kerosene upon the world , the blood pounded in his head , and his hands were in the hands of some amazing conductor playing all the symphonies of blazing and burning to bring down the tatters and the charcoal ruins of history . '' This is one of many examples of bradburys excessive use of poetic imagery . With the use of his imagery , you see his world in a different perspective . The different dramatic pauses throughout the story , give it character and leave you with the feeling of tension and anxiety , not knowing whats coming next . In Fahrenheit , Bradbury uses flashbacks as a way to fill the reader in on what they missed before opening the book ; like the characters had another life . Overall , we recommend this book to not only highschool student , but to anyone in search of good science-fiction .
 `` With this great pythoon spitting it 's venomous kerosene upon the world , the blood pounded in his head , and his hands were in the hands of some amazing conductor playing all the symphonies of blazing and burning to bring down the tatters and the charcoal ruins of history . '' This is one of many examples of bradburys excessive use of poetic imagery . With the use of his imagery , you see his world in a different perspective . The different dramatic pauses throughout the story , give it character and leave you with the feeling of tension and anxiety , not knowing whats coming next . In Fahrenheit , Bradbury uses flashbacks as a way to fill the reader in on what they missed before opening the book ; like the characters had another life . Overall , we recommend this book to not only highschool student , but to anyone in search of good science-fiction .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a story about a sick and twisted future in which books are forbidden by a Totalitarian Regime . The concept of this story originates from the time of WWII in which Hitler 's Regime was burning libraries across Europe in an attempt to prevent the distribution of knowledge and other negative ideas that could affect his rise to power . This book is an exciting tale about a world in which firemen no longer extinguish fires , but instead start them . The firemen in this world burn all books and the houses in which they are contained.We feel that this story , despite its dark tone , is a well-written modern day classic that makes the reader better respect books and not take them for granted . I highly recommend this book to anyone that wishes to read a thought-provoking story that provides insight into our future . An interesting aspect of this novel is how well it connects with our world today . Our society is becoming more and more reliant on technology and is becoming less interested in education , which sadly enough , is the same story in Fahrenheit 451 . Could this be a reality for our world in the near future ?
 This book is wonderful . I wo n't bore you with the plot details , as you must 've read them quite a few times by now . It is fairly easy to read , and its dark atmosphere makes it oh-so-great . If you 're a fan of George Orwell , you should love this .
 451 and other apocalyptic books such as 1984 , and Alas Babylon were my required reading in tenth grade , and I found that these have been my favorites . Bradbury is one of my favorite authors , I 've read all of his works . I see that others may not have liked this book , but I suggest that you try it . Bradbury typically bases his books around the unwinding of human civilization , the villian is the technology we have created . In 451 , he revisits the theme , and does a fantastic job . I love this book , and if you like try his others . If you 've read and loved 1984 , you will love the excitement of Fahrenheit 451 . In short , I highly recommend this book .
 I read this book hearing that it was `` pretty good . '' What I was expecting was a traditional science fiction novel of good vs. bad and a weird plot . But Fahrenheit 451 was so REAL , it left me in tears . On the surface , it 's entertaining , and a person with little patience will definitely find it boring but this story carries an important concept
 Bradbury creates a world of extreme censorship that is our future , where firemen burn books and houses in which they are hidden . I first read this book in 8th grade -LRB- not because I had to , but because I WANTED to -RRB- , and it had a profound effect on my life . Guy Montag is an anticonformist at heart caught in a world where conformity is the only path to survival . I respect those who gave it 1 or 2 stars , though , because if you are forced to read any book in school that you do n't want to , you are going to be inclined to dislike it . But , if you read it once , try it again . You will see the underlying tale about society in general . A very depressing , but very moving book , I recommened it for all , young ones for the plot about anti censorship , and older people for the underlying plots .
 Learning to appreciate everything around us is difficult , in today 's society . We have everything ever dreamed of , and we have barely begun . By letting '' . .451 '' into you 're mind , one realizes that this fiction , is not justly so . It is apparent in our realm that this fable has already begun to happen . Change is something not always noticed . However , this book opened my eye 's to to the world around me . I am certain , that `` Guy Montag '' the charachter , is in all of us . Just waiting to be discovered .
 Not only is this novel great , but it is important . I just finished it and I can not stress enough how impressive this book is . It was absolutely amazing from start to finish . I have never known how to express my love for books until I saw the words Bradbury put into print here . It has elements of science fiction but I think it essentially for all people to read . It also is not a long book if you are concerned about that . Personally I wished it would go on for another hundred pages . This book should be required for all high school students to read .
 Hello People , I thought that Fahrenheit 451 was a good book . I would n't say that it was the best book in the world but it was definetly a good book and you should read it . It is n't your average book that you 're used to , it 's a little diffrent . Bradbury writes really well and you can follow the story , but sometimes he would just say something and you would have no clue what he 's talking about . So then you have to go back and read a couple pages just to figure out whats going on . But above all I would say that it is a good book and even though it 's a little diffrent , it 's good to give diffrent things a try . : -RRB- Peace-out and enjoy the book !!!!!!!!!
 In this book Ray Bradbury , one of my favorite authors , did not become Nostradamus . His story did not account for the internet . Therefore , many of the political ideas simply wo n't appeal to the internet generation , where information is only a fingertip away.On the other hand there are valid points regarding the `` opiates '' of life . Unfortunately , when you are young you look at it and say `` look at what they are doing to us '' , which is what our protagonist does . As you become wiser you begin to see that the statement is really `` look at what we have done to ourselves '' , which is what he finally discovers when he joins the band of scholars.This is an all time classic , but the reverse is happening in our society . There is too much information and no filters/censorship . So we need to be more alert for misinformation and propaganda , than we have ever needed to before.Own the book .
 Fahrenheit 451 was a quality book . At the beginning of the book it was kind of boring but when it got close to the climax I could n't put it down . It kept me on the edge of my seat . The story goes something like this . Guy Montage was a fireman and so was his dad , and his dad and so on . One day he met a 17 year old girl and talked to her about everything and that is when he started questioning himself and what he did . He burnt books for a living . Books that told our past and what we have learned . If we burn our past we will kept making the same mistakes we 've already made . One day he took a book from the house they were burning down . Once he read it he felt that all the books should be saved and he revealed that he had about 20 books hide in the cieling . The government made it illegal to read and own books . Montage wanted to let the world know what was in the books and share the knowlege they possesed . He was going to get help from an old man who 's books they have already burnt . His name was Faber . One day at the fire house they got a call in that a house had books in it . When they got there it was Montag 's house and his wife was leaving him . They made him burn all his own books and possesions . When he was done he went and burned his boss and other work members with the fire torch . The fire department had a machanical dog that chased him . The dog had a neddle in its mouth and bit him in the leg but not enough that he could n't get away and burn the dog as well . He ran around back and got his books that he had hide in the garden and ran to Fabers house . There he got some clothes and watched the pursuit on tv . They got a new dog and started tracking him down . He told Faber to burn everything he touched and spray down the side walk to get rid of his sent . He headed for the river and then jumped in and threw off the tracking team and the dog . They ended up putting the crime on some innocent guy that was just walking down the street . Montage got onto the bank and walked into the woods where he met some other outlaws like him - self . I realy liked the book toward the end and I thought that it was probably one of the best books I 've ever read . The tension is unbearable and the catch phrases are great . If any body likes a good book that wo n't bore you this is the book for you .
 In perhaps the bleakest outlook of what the future would be like , Ray Bradbury tells the world how the thinks the future will be . This is a very bleak book , with wars all to common , firemen burn books , not put out fires , and the world is in a horrible state of turmoil . There are no teachers in schools , children go to schools for days at a time , and parents do n't care at all , and an accquaintence to the main charachter had her father arrested for being a pedestrian . Guy Montag -LRB- main charachter -RRB- , a fireman for awhile , realizes something all to true when Clarrise , the accquaintance , asks him a simple question
 One of the best books I have ever read . Bradbury 's prose is direct but beautiful , full of sylistic twists that enhance the reading experience greatly . The story moves quickly , and the brisk pacing is expertly handled , never leaving the reader minutely bored . At under 200 pages , the length is perfect for the story , yet delivers its haunting message about censorship , superficiality , and the dumbing down of America with force without ever becoming preachy . Truly a magnificent accomplishment and should be required reading for everyone !
 This is about a time so far ahead in history that humans have decided that books are evil . and they are banned . people live very superficial lives . the book , as i remember , i read it like years ago , follows this one guy who starts to think that maybe all this anti-book is wrong . he finds a group of people that had all the classics memorized , each book one person . i was amazed to see how the author had chosen to protect the written world , he brought it back to spoken stories . this book was great . it really brings you to a time where everything u believe in is thought to be wrong . strange thought huh ? :-RRB- i enjoyed this book a lot . happy reading .
 I do n't give very many things five stars.Bradbury 's novel is simple , powerful , beautiful , and truly marvelous.A negative utopia along the lines of Brave New World or 1984 , I like this book more than either of those because it is ultimately , utterly hopeful . Bradbury is in love with a messed up world and his message comes across with an urgency and honesty that is both startling and impressive.You know the plot -- they burn books because they 're scared of ideas . Montag wonders about the ideas and becomes an outcast in a sterile society . This book makes me want to change the world . And so I want you to read it . And then maybe memorize it.A quick read , and a fairly easy read . Engrossing enough that you wo n't want to put it down , and once you finish it , you might be tempted to just start over and read it again . I recommend doing just that .
 This book was very interesting.I read it in 11th grade English . We had many disscusions and look deep in to the concepts of the book . It had our class debating on topics that were ` nt even mentioned in the book , but brought the ideas to our minds.This book makes me wonder about what our future will look like with all the advanced technology thats coming about . Will we soon become the victims of a world like this book describes ... ? The people in this book become almost like a slave to technology instead of technology becoming a slave to them.Is that happening to us now , always wanting fast entertainment , not applying our Knowledge to problems or circumstances in our lives , or maybe not even taking the time out to sit down and read something . Makes you think and thats what Brandbury does throughout this book . So if you like to take the time out to read a book , think about what you 've read and apply that knowledge to intances throughout your life then you 'll love this book .
 I was standing in my local bookstore , which as usual did n't have what I was looking for , browsing the School Reading List shelves for a book I could get extra credit in English I for . I scanned over this book several times before I remembered a friend telling me that it was one of her favorite books . I also remembered a friend telling me not to waste my time . I decided to buy it to see what my opinion was . I was pretty sure I would n't like it because I am normally a fantasy reader and do n't usually go for this kind of book . But when I got home with it I picked it up and it stayed permanently attached to my hand until I finished it . I was finished in two days -LRB- about two hours total reading time -RRB- . I wo n't say I recommend this book for everybody . If you do n't like to think , if you prefer to view everything as having a distinct happy ending , if you hate symbolism , if you are an extreme pacifist , or if you only read books that have absolutely no profanity in them , this is DEFINITELY not the book for you . Anyone else should read this book at least once . And I mean the whole book . Do n't give up on the first ten pages . Oh , and just so you know , I am not some highly educated professor typing this from a computer in her office . I am an ordinary high school freshman .
 Ray Bradbury is a very smart man . Reading this book alone is not good enough to experience it 's full greatness . This was one of the few books i enjoyed analyzing , because when you analyze Bradbury you catch on to a lot of little easter eggs that you would never catch while your just reading it through for fun . This book will definantly make you look twice at the people around you and how they think . If you 're interested in psychology i think you would enjoy this book . I read it in a bout a week and the diction is some of the best i 've ever read .
 Fire is one of the kindest , cruelest , most beautiful , grotesque forces that nature has mothered into this world . It has the ability to take down and to cleanse at the same time and to allow for new things to grow or start over . The fire that burns inside Montag , the protagonist of Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is the burning desire to know the value that books truly have in the world and why society is so against them.The darkness of `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is evident because of its modern texture and present day technology -LRB- such as the T.V. -RRB- and the stranglehold that it has on even today 's society . You 'd be hard pressed to find a home without a television and even more hard-pressed to find a home that truly values books above all else . Ray Bradbury 's futuristic society is full of self-inflicted censorship and ignorance , which is a little discomforting because it is so modern . One is tempted to ask , `` Why would a society bring about its own ignorance and censorship regulations ? '' The answer is simple
 I love this book . It 's interesting and has relevant topics and warnings to keep in mind in our own time . Not too hard to understand , good for a wide variety of ages and people . I would definitely recommend it .
 Wow , what a great book about a dystopian society , censorship , and the need of the state to keep the masses blind , deaf , and dumb . If you enjoyed `` 1984 '' , `` Brave New World '' , or `` The Giver '' , you must read this . It is now one of my favorites !
 Got the book for my son 's English Honors class and as he read it I actually enjoyed it . It was very interesting .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is by the conventions of literature is not a great book , and Ray Bradbury himself admits so . It is far too melodramatic , and the protagonist Guy Montag uninteresting and merely a plot device . The writing is harried and convoluted , and the plot both unbelievable and shoddy . In many ways , it 's a pale imitation of George Orwell 's much darker and sinister `` 1984 . '' But it 's a prophetic and haunting book that has predicted all too well the decline of a mass capitalistic society into a hedonistic lifestyle obsessed with instantaneous gratification.Even today , it 's a compelling and frightening read .
 I am a seventh grade student , and when my teacher passed out this book , I figured it to be dull and confusing . Oh , how I was wrong . Ever since the first opening sentence , &#34; It was a pleasure to burn &#34; I have been hooked . Like the saying goes , &#34; Do n`t judge a book by it ` s cover . The plot has me wondering , trying to predict the ending , but I know I can never know the ending until I read it myself . The description is full of vivid detail , and you always know what the characters are feeling . I love stories that are n`t always so happy and pure , but , I do n`t want a story that ` s so depressing that you cry and get emotional over every paragraph . So , this book is balanced out on both sides . It can become somber and maybe even make you shed a tear , but it can also be heroic , knowing that the main character , Montag , is doing what he believes is right . Even if it means breaking the law.I am writing my own books , and I will be using this book as an inspiration to further my career . Fahreheit 451 is truly remarkable novel that should n`t be over looked .
 What a great concept who would ever think of making these ideas fire fighters burning books , and many more like extra long billboards because cars going so fast , or draining and replacing your blood for a drug overdose . I loved it .
 My first read of this book wasprompted by the upcoming Bookson the Bayou , a project whereeveryone in Houston reads thesame book . Guy Montag isa fireman . In his time , sometimein the future , firemen do n'tstop fires . Instead , they startthem , setting books aflame.Guy meets a young girl and seeshis wife attempt suicide . Thesetwo actions shake up his world.Beautifully written book , poeticin places . Recommended .
 Irony without imagination and the will to think for yourself.You 're just a mindless zombie , a puppet for people to control you . Inmy opinion , that 's what Ray Bradbury is saying in his book . - J. Litton , BDHS
 Well worth reading . But do n't bother watching the movie , it does n't resemble the book much at all
 A darkly terrifying tale of an extremist future wherecensorship has married family values
 Bradbury 's future Hell/America and protagonist Guy Montag bring to light several questions and ideas that are frighteningly real , especially in light of recent court cases daeling wioth Internet censorship . This fuure America is one where the general public is dumbed down and `` conditioned to apathy '' by television and radio , to a point where existence depends on these electronic suggorate families . Chillingly close to home in it 's implications - these words can not do it justice - a classic , and a must-read
 This book about a fireman -LRB- burns books -RRB- turned good was written in the '50s but still remains terribly relevant today . The descriptive language , imagery , and symbolism all combine to make this book the best I have ever read . If you believe in the 1st Amendment , read this book
 This is undeniably Bradbury 's best . Though difficult tofollow quite often -LRB- his use of symbolic imagery can beconfusing -RRB- , the surprise ending removes all veils thatkept the book from being understood . If you read thisbook you will find yourself quoting from it , because aslong as limited Freedom of Speech exists , so will themessage that this book depicts .
 Ray Bradbury takes us into the future where the government burns books to keep people from thinking and/or rebelling . I think that these circumstances could be somewhat true to the future of this world . Dictators have burned books throughout history to keep the people tame in their ideas . We should all just step back and say , `` Hey , do we really want to give the government this much power . I mean , what happened to power to the people
 Absolutely the very best book written in modern history whichshows us the value of our convictions ! If you never readanother book , DO N'T MISS THIS ONE !
 An extremely confusing book . The parts which I could follow were few and far between . Yet when I finished , I extraordinarily understood what the author was was getting at . If you are one to finish books , at the end of this one you will be very fulfilled
 One of the best books you will ever read . A story that you will never forget
 Bradbury is my favorite sci fi author . The book is full of poetic imagery , and thoughtful commentary of the direction he saw society heading .
 This book is important because the readers need to know what happens when the government seizes upon cultural rot to take control of all information in a society . That Montag has no understanding of what is happening around him , but that he becomes curious is the catalyst for the events that happen.Even his own wife and loved ones turn on him , when the government decided to withhold its television based nightmare . Socially , I think this novel is one that all people can grasp today . What would happen today if the NFL or Baseball or College Football were interrupted ? That is why presidents , and not just Obama , use those things as stages for their political events.Why is the government so intent on perpetuating things like political correctness in our society ? That is because if you control the information , you control the people . If there are only a few actually curious people , then the government can marginalize them and destroy them . A whole society of curious people is not what the power brokers want . They do n't want to answer questions , and they sure do n't want people to insist on personal freedom as a point of personal identity.Fahrenheit 451 deals with all these . From the mysterious death of Clarisse McKenzie , to Montag 's ironic job . And the punishment in the hyper-managed society is reserved for those who want to seek out knowledge . The metaphor put forward by Faber is also salient to our current time , by the time we meet him we find that the class of intellectuals will be bullied out of existence . Our constitutional republic can not be saved by looking to the educated professors to save us , as they are all cowards . It is the people , the populace at large who needs to be educated . And remember , the country will keep itself ignorant because that is what the government class wants . They know , you do n't need to . `` Trust Us . '' is what they will say . It should make us recoil . The most dangerous words in the world
 I bought this book after Ray Bradbury died because the obituaries said that this was his best work . I did not know what to expect.The book is about a future in which -LSB- almost -RSB- everyone live vicariously through the lives of others delivered via technology . The system prohibits independent thinking or feeling and actually used the fire department to burn up anyone that is a ` problem ' . As I see more people -LRB- myself included -RRB- using their cell phones , social media , and on-line entertainment , I see our society moving in this direction . It is amazing to me that Bradbury created this dystopian vision many years in advance of the current technology that almost makes it possible today .
 This book is a must-read in the sci-fi genre . I 've read it a few times now and the more I read it the more I enjoy it . Highly recommended .
 Read this book slowly and with a highlighter ! There are so many wonderful gems and meaningful quotes . Fahrenheit 451 is a must read as it has been very influential on our modern culture . The irony is I own the Kindle version of this book !
 Amazingly relevant for our times . Story is a little odd and wordy , but it is an excellently crafted piece that will go down in history as a classic .
 I read this book many years ago and enjoyed it then and having re read it was suprised that it was better than I remembered .
 To say that Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is about a society that burns book is putting it a bit simplistically . It 's not simply the fact that books are burned that 's dangerous , it 's what 's destroyed with the books . The people in Bradbury 's dystopian world have been effectively trained to enjoy simple , mindless stimuli , such as television walls that feature characters who are your ` family ' and your ` friends . ' The rationale is that books are sources of a vast amount of ideas , many of them in conflict with one another , and this clash of ideas makes people unhappy . Burning books is one of many ways to reduce sorrow and confusion in the world , though more to the point it 's a way to control people through blissful ignorance.Bradbury 's concerns are still pertinent to society today , and in fact maybe even more pertinent . We are a culture obsessed with entertainment . We love TV shows , and some of them are incredibly mindless , though I do n't think Bradbury would condemn all TV shows . Some certainly are thought-provoking . Advertisements permeate our culture in just about anything , from what we wear to the places we go , and they can be quite effective in making us feel hungry for a cheeseburger . Many of us have such busy lives that we hardly have time for friends and relatives , much less time to think . Our hectic , stressful lifestyles have certainly taken their toll . Suicides have become increasingly common . They are a way of saying that something needs to change.Fahrenheit 451 is a thought-provoking read . Some of the dialogue and the technology seems archaic today , but that adds to the charm . The mechanical Hound , with a syringe for injecting morphine into its victims , is particularly strange , but oh so devious . As archaic as some of his dialogue and his technology might seem to us now , the novel feels surprisingly contemporary , like it was written today and not 70 years ago . And that 's what 's frightening .
 I really wish this book had been written for a higher reading level . I loved the idea , but I felt like it was cut short . I felt like I really missed out on the entire picture , or like this a portion of a more elaborate novel . I loved it , but was definitely left wanting more . It would have been perfect if it were longer and had a little more detail !
 I am fascinated by the idea of this book . There is always debate in our society about the freedom of speech and I do n't think that the prohibition of books is that different ; especially since there are many occurrences each year of people demanding that certain books be banned from schools/libraries etc. I think that even though he 's a complete jerk , Beatty is a genius ; an evil genius of sorts . He moderates the book burning firefighters and strives to make sure that no one who is found with books goes unpunished.I 'm not sure if Montag is a hero or a kind of anti-hero . He was a fire fighter but his curiosity about books is inspiring . I wonder about Beatty 's true self . I am unsure about his knowledge of books ; he could be using his knowledge as a two-faced approach to catching the rule breakers . But part of me wonders whether or not he 's actually a closet intellectual who is torn by his passion and his civic duty.I love Beatty 's insistence that the first fire fighter was Benjamin Franklin . It 's the evil genius side of him that I kind of admire . -LRB- I mentioned this in a discussion of the book with the club mates -RRB- . What made Franklin such a great diplomat was that he not only knew how to listen , but knew how to subtly sway people to his lines of thinking , but could also sway them to do has he wished in financial matters which is no small accomplishment . Those traits mirror Beatty , though Beatty is perhaps a bit more sinister.I love that the message of the book is a little open-ended , at least in my opinion . What I take away from the book is that prohibition or censorship may seem like it puts everyone on the same plane it also has the ability to cause a fair to significant amount of dissention . Bradbury leaves the question as to whether or not that is a fair compromise up to the reader .
 Could we end up like this in our future ? What would the world be like without books ?? This story gives us some insight into what it might be like ... and it 's pretty scary . It is definitely food for thought regarding censorship.The book paints a dim and scary picture of a future society where all books have been banned . Firemen no longer fight fires , the set them to destroy houses found to have books . With the removal of books , people have turned their attentions to TV and as a result the general population is unable to think for themselves and their minds have turned to mush . The main character begins to challenge these concepts of censorship after meeting a young teen-ager who stirs his curiousity . The more he thinks about and challenges the ` norms ' of society his world is turned upside down.This book really makes you think about censorship and where it can lead . The book is very relevant to the debate going on about censoring today 's music -LRB- as well as books , tv and movies -RRB- . You ca n't put limits on creativity and self expression without limiting the society as a whole .
 The amazing thing about this book , is that it was written so long ago , yet it predicted many technological things that have happened recently . What makes it ironic is , is that the plot is basically about book burning , and banning and the absurdity of it all . YET it is a banned book itself . Could it have predicted this ? Maybe . But , basically , this book has a great story and plot , on whatever level you read it .
 Amazingly , I just read this book for the first time , although I 've heard about it for years . While reading , I found myself constantly rechecking the copyright page to verify that Ray Bradbury did indeed write this book in 1953 , almost 50 years ago . Back then he somehow knew what was coming ; so much of what he writes in the book is actually happening to us today . We want things faster and faster , and fewer and fewer people are reading . I often talk with my students about reading ; many say they just do n't have the time , while others would rather see the movie . Bradbury even predicted the increase in violence in our schools.While reading the book , I shared the story with my ten-year-old . He was intrigued with the story of Guy Montag , the renegade fireman . So intrigued that he is going to have his literature circle at school read the book . I think this book should be required reading for everyone . There is so much we can learn from it .
 As I looked up this book after reading it , I saw it had an average rating of only four stars . What was wrong with it ? People claim they do n't understand it , but it 's very simple and clear . And what is wrong with it ? This book is classic , and is one of the most perfect foretellings of the future ever . Read it and ignore the two star reviewers .
 This novel is a great way to explore what might happen in the near future if the public decides to allow technology do everything for them . It shows the power of popular thought , and also shows its distructiveness . I would not say this novel is science fiction , even though it has some qualities of that . I would call this book a classic , and wonderful . Bradbury really grabs the reader with the way he discribes everything . It is almost like reading a collection of poems that are in sequence . I highly recommend this wonderful master piece .
 This book blew me away , but to appreciate it , you must understand how technology has affected us and how we already act . Plus , you must understand , that this book was written in the 50s where they thought we would be even further in the future.In the time of Guy Montag , no book-readers were free . they were behind bars , or running from the law ; and he was one of the people who put them there.this book is so moving and compelling i could only grasp the rhythm of Bradbury and his magnificent language that lets you know the fear and hatred of Montag.Before you start , you need to know that this book will be weird and confusing . You must appreciate philosophy and know how strange this world is .
 `` There is more than one way to burn a book . And the world is full of people running about with lit matches . '' - Ray Bradbury -LRB- Coda , Fahrenheit 451 -RRB- This book is outstanding ! It is a book for people who love books . It is a testament to the power of books and the importance of the knowledge they hold.It reminded me a lot of 1984 and Brave New World . If you liked either of these two novels , you will like Fahrenheit 451 . Guy Montag , the fireman turned fugitive , is a lot like Winston Smith in Orwell 's 1984 because he is forced to hide from an organization that wishes to destroy him . He is also like John Savage in Huxley 's Brave New World because they both come to see the importance of literature , art , and beauty in the world . All three men are trapped in societies that are all about a quick fix , the easy way out.Fahrenheit 451 offers everything
 This book was really good ! It starts off a little odd , but that is only because how crazy the world is in the book , it 's a little hard to comprehend . As you keep reading though , you ca n't put it down ! The author keeps you wondering what will happen next , and why things are the way they are !!! The relationship between our world and the book 's has teriffying similarities , that you tend to think twice about our lives today . Make sure you read this book !!
 Bradbury 's view on the future is startling . He has made many correct predictions on how the future would develop . He helps to remind us that books and knowledge are what we crave and need to be happy .
 In the book Fahrenheit 451 the main character is a fireman named Guy Montag . Guy is a fireman that burns books and sets houses on fire instead of the normal fireman that puts out the flames . During the course of the book Montag goes through many different phases . The most important phase is where he starts wondering about books . Since all his life he has been taught that books are bad and only to burn them , he is curious what books are about . During the time that he is going through his mysterious phases he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan , who opens her eyes to the emptiness of his life . Montag met this girl one night when he was taking a walk at about midnight . Montag also meets a very important character named Faber . Faber is an old English professor that likes books and knows a lot about them . Over the story Montag has Faber set him up with a retired publisher , to help publish books . At the time that Montag is trying to publish books the fireman are chasing him.Guy Montag is a fireman who suddenly realizes the emptiness of his life and starts to search for meaning in the books he is supposed to be burning . He quickly forms unusually strong bonds with anyone who seems to have true friendship with him . His biggest regret in life is not having a better relationship with his wife . And because he did n't have a very good relationship with his wife that is why she turned him in to the fireman and got there house burned.The way that Ray Bradbury makes this book seem is incredible . He has a special talent that lets him really involve and capture the reader 's attention . while I read this book I felt as if I was a silent observer that stood next to Guy Montag every where he went . I loved this book , and would definitely recommend this book to anybody who loves a great adventure and thrill .
 ... . this is definitively one of the most philisophically and emotionally charged short novels I have ever read . Bradbury 's paints a perfect picture of a future in which we are consumed by mass media . Yet more now than ever it rings true with our consuming obsession with TV and Internet -LRB- not that I 'm a luddite , but I am constantly torn between the path we 're careening off of , and exciting future ahead of us -RRB- , which is probably one of the most terrifying aspects of the book . The only thing I could possibly think about complaining about is Bradbury 's writing style ; it 's not confusing , but it definitely keeps you on your toes , and can be very unforgiving if you 're full attention is n't devoted to it ; nonetheless I found myself re-reading some parts , not to better comprehend it but rather to simply admire the deep and insightful observations and allegories Bradbury has created . My father and my step-dad both read this when they were in high school , and I get the impression it 's either hit-or-miss , because they are split on whether it was confusing and boring , or if it was absolutely brilliant . I know I dissed Ray 's writing style , and it is very spartan and may not suit some , but I also found it had a poetic flowing quality to it -LRB- not Dante or anything , but it is still very beautiful -RRB- . My view is htat it is unquestionably a great work of philosophy , a far cut above most Grishams or novel you pick up ... ; so put down that copy of Republic for a moment , and take a little time to read this masterpiece of a novella .
 Do n't light a fire under this book
 In Ray Bradbury 's novel Fahrenheit 451 , Guy Montag , the main character is a fireman that instead of putting out fires , he starts them because reading and owning books is against the law . The book is set in the future , but we do n't know when . We learn that Montag has a stash of books that he has been stealing from houses he had burned that are hidden in his air-conditioning vent . Beatty , his fire chief , tells him he has one day to decide if books are any good then bring the book to work to be burned . Montag had met a retired English professor named Faber at a park a year ago . He reads poetry to Mildred and two of her friends ; they get scared and go home . Montag goes to work and hands over one of his books , then the alarm sounds , when they get to the house they realize that it is Montag 's house . His wife and her friends had called in the report . Beatty forces him to burn down his own house then places him under arrest , then he turns the flame-thrower on Beatty and knocks down the other firemen . The Mechanical Hound that Beatty had set against Montag injects some anesthetic into his leg . He walks off the numbness and goes to Faber 's house . Faber gives Montag some of his clothes and tells him to run out of the city . He follows an abandoned railroad until he finds a group of `` Book People '' that have memorized the great works of literature and philosophy.In my opinion , Fahrenheit 451 is hard to understand and enjoy if you do n't like futuristic fiction . The plot seemed like it happened too quickly and it does n't seem realistic . This would probably never happen because people enjoy books too much . The characters do n't seem disturbed about the fact that books are n't part of their lives . All they do is sit in their `` parlors '' watching TV on huge screens . This book is made more for people that are interested in futuristic novels and censorship . The characters are only used to not having books as a part of their lives , the government controled everything that was printed until society decided that they did n't want books anymore , as to not offend anyone . The people of this society do n't think freely or spend time by themselves .
 Fahrenheit 451 takes place in the near future where firefighters no longer put out fires they start them . Guy Montag is a married though uterly alone firefighter who is set to the task of seeking out readers of books , which are illegal to have in your possession , and destroying them.Fahrenheit 451 is my pick for the distopian novel that most acurately predicts the future . Most people do not literaly burn books , however , the psychological implications are brilliant . Read and enjoy .
 Fahrenheit 451 was an incredible science fiction novel by Ray Bradbury . I have not been a fan of science fiction in the past , so i was suprised that I enjoyed this book so much . It was such a great book , that I did n't want to put it down . Thier is never a down time in the book where it is dragged out . It is exciting all the way through . Not only is it an enjoyable book , but it has a great message at the end . Fahrenheit 451 has opened me up to science fiction novel .
 Fahrenheit 451 was an incredible science fiction novel by Ray Bradbury . I have not been a fan of science fiction in the past , so i was suprised that I enjoyed this book so much . It was such a great book , that I did n't want to put it down . Thier is never a down time in the book where it is dragged out . It is exciting all the way through . Not only is it an enjoyable book , but it has a great message at the end . Fahrenheit 451 has opened me up to science fiction novels .
 Absolutely beautiful book . Each line is poetry . The plot was exciting and forces the reader to think about the world around them . I 've reread this book multiple times and it never fails to move me . Worth every cent .
 Another book I read as a young man and dismissed . The book is so spot on . The difference is people tend to be obsessed with PDAs not walls in their homes .
 This was my first excursion into the world of distopia . I must say , that it was amazing . My teacher had pressured me to read it , saying I needed to read something beyond the hum drum of my regular readings to challenge myself . When I saw a cheap copy at my local book store , I picked it up . It was amazing.Bradbury does a masterful job of making a world that is so different and almost unimaginable , completely believable . A must read for anyone . With this book , also look into The Martian Chronicles.Also , RIP Bradbury , the world lost one of its best science fiction writers .
 I can understand the fascination with burning , but why books ? I read Fahrenheit 451 for class , and I enjoyed it , though it 's somewhat disturbing . In a futuristic world , firemen do n't put out fires , the set fires , and burn books . Guy Montag is a fireman , who has always been satisfied with his job , until he meets Clarisse , a seventeen year old who changes how he thinks about everything ... Ray Bradbury has a very distinctive writing style , which I noticed in Dandelion Wine , which I read a while ago . I would say Fahrenheit 451 is a much better book ; the writing is better and the subject matter more interesting . The society depicted in the book is really scary . Mildred , Montag 's wife , is always watching her three-wall television -LRB- she wants a four wall -RRB- . It 's interactive too , so she can take part in the shows . She 's almost always watching it or listening to her Seashell -LRB- earphones -RRB- . Clarisse and Faber are both really interesting characters . I think I would probably get along with Clarisse . Now , books being really important to me , I found this book super disturbing , and not altogether unrealistic . Though written in the 50 's , it bears a certain resemblance to the increasing consumerism of today . Bradbury builds suspense and dread with his foreshadowing -LRB- for example , the Hound not liking Montag -RRB- . I 've been planning to read The Martian Chronicles for a while now , and Fahrenheit 451 motivated me to do so . I would highly recommend this excellent Ray Bradbury novel . Update
 I had to buy the book right away , My son need for school . it was late at night . so just click it from amazon it is great to have that power
 Short book , wondering why the author did n't make it longer , and i wish this book had a little more action .
 This book was short , and deep . It was amazingly deep in fact , for the length . Bradbury captures something about our nature both to believe in something passionately , and to ignorantly become sheepish . There is lying , betrayal , and small glimmers of home , in a macabre future . One of my favorites by far .
 Bradbury 's classic book about a place where books are outlawed ... Can you imagine?This , of all books should be read on paper - not Kindle . : - -RRB-
 One of the top 100 books of all time per &#34; readers , &#34; this little book was beyond prophetic . Bradbury 's writing creates a world that the reader easily accepts as real . This kindle version had a few distracting typo 's - hence the 4 star rating .
 Ray Bradbury 's first book is absolutely captivating ! I read it in my AP english class at school . His dealing with censorship was absolutley amazing . Most of the futuristic things in this story have become true since the 1950 's when Bradbury wrote this book . Even if you do n't like science fiction you 'll love this book , I hate Science Fiction and I loved this book . You 've got to read it !
 I first read this book after my mother , a senior english teacher , was getting ready to have her students read Farenheit 451 . I immediately fell in love with the book . In the almost 10 years since I fist read the book , I have read it over and over again . While in college , I wrote a paper for a Lit class showing the how Bradbury 's science fiction is slowly becoming science fact -LRB- i.e. seashells = walkman . Its scary to see how a book written in 1953 , as a work of fiction , is becoming reality . If you want to know what I mean , then read `` Farenheit 451 '' and see for yourself . It is a definite eye opener that sends chills thorugh my body everytime I read it .
 The sheer poetry of Ray Bradbury 's words in F451 is absolutely amazing . Not only that , but he also gives a chilling look into a very possible future , were books are burned . And it shows how insignifigant and stupid people become without books . Bradbury is a 1st-rate writer , and Farenheit 451 is no exception . This and Dandelion Wine are his two best books EVER . A compelling , chilling story , and a must read for those who like futuristic stories , Bradbury stories , and poetic stories .
 this was a good book . the part called `` coca `` is the best -LRB- about cencorship -RRB- the book is kind of like `` the giver '' only a lot better .
 I was first exposed to this book in school , where it was no more that a captivating plotline . In the years since that , I have grown to love this book and become swept up in the character quirks and bleak yet wonderful portrayl of the future . One point that is eluded to in the book and seems to be a prophecy that could very well come true is that of the society 's need for friends -LRB- see Montag 's wife 's urgency around her `` friends '' -RRB- but the reality being that it is shallow company . For them , real entertainment is provided by the television , and friendship is a hollow term for the company that we so desperately desire . This is part of what makes Clarisse such a compelling charecter ; she has rejected this notion of friendship for family and conversation . She sees that the hollow pleasures enjoyed by so many are just an excuse to keep the mind idle . Clarisse was a visionary , a free thinker , but most of all an enjoyer of books , a love she paid for with her life . This is only one aspect of the book that makes it such a masterpiece .
 A very scary book . Reading in these times ought to scare anyone into throwing away their TV . It 's truly amazing how smack dab on Bradbury was , and how poorly we listened to him . The only minus to the book is in not examining the side of the mindless public too indepth . Reality can be very scary , that 's why we all sometimes hide from it . His vision of what it 's like when we all take that extended leap into the world of virtual reality -LRB- TV , internet , movies etc. . . -RRB- ought to be more frightening than reality itself . I just hope we 're not all too far gone .
 I think this book is one of the most important books written this century because it teaches the reader a lesson
 I am not a person who likes to read alot . But this is one of the best books I have ever read ...
 How many books have you read where you thought `` Good story , bad prose . '' ? Well , this book is NOT one of those books . -LRB- cheesy intro , I know -RRB- This book is like a non stop poem . Ray Bradbury is the greatest author of all time . This book is not his best but should be read . IF YOU ONLY READ ONE BOOK IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFETIME - MAKE IT THIS ! -LRB- if you liked 1984 ... you 'll love this ... -RRB-
 Fahrenheit 451 is a compelling story written wonderfully by Ray Bradbury . He has written the future 's worst and gratest moments . Guy Montag has enjoyed being a fireman for mostly all of his life . He has been brought up learning that books would lead to rebellion and that the television would lead to the future . He has been enjoying the fun of burning books . He also has burned up the houses that held the books inside , but this is until he meets a seventeen-year-old girl named Clarisse McClellan . She tells him about a past when fireman had actually had stopped fires . The next thing Montag hears from a professor is of a future in which people are able to have their own differences and be able to think of themselves . This novel was fascinating . Ray Bradbury frightens his readers in telling a story of a possible future .
 this was a book that my son wanted . He has not read it yet but looking forward to reading it .
 When he 's in the mood , Ray Bradbury can raise his prose to the level of poetry . This entire book is in that surrealistic style , beautiful to some and maddening to others . As the years go by , Fahrenheit 451 becomes ever more prophetic . For me , the most haunting theme is that this is not some 1984 style dictatorship . We subjugated ourselves through apathy and fear of anything different . Recent hits such as &#34; Feed &#34; by M.T. Anderson are deeply in debt to this novel .
 The author did a great job . It is a Very high reading in my opinion . Little complex storyline , but very great story !
 This is another book that I purchased for my grandson . We were talking about authors that I enjoyed while I was in High School so I made this purchase as an example of Bradbury 's writing for him to enjoy .
 I had to read this for school . Although the story line was just okay , the themes and writing styles of Bradbury never fail to disappoint .
 Everyone should read this book once . I could ` nt put it down . I read it cover to cover . Classic dystopian novel , yet more relevant at this moment than any other dystopian novels I have read . I saw one reveiew of this book stating it is `` to old to understand '' . I do n't think the message Bradbury gives us could be clearer . Do yourself a favor and buy this book and read it !
 This book was in very good condition . Recieved it in a timely manner and it was a very good read . It will stay in my library so my kids can read it ond day !
 I love the authors ability to eloquently state how our culture will be heading down the paths we are searching for happiness and completeness in things ... instead of in ourselves . Very interesting book , and a great one to read .
 I started writing sci fi because of this book . Actually had the honor of seeing Ray Bradbury speak - LIVE - -LRB- yea , I know , it was eons ago -RRB- - but I had n't read anything he had written before that speech . I got a copy of this book shoved into my chest just after that speech , and could n't put it down . A marvelous read . And a must read for anyone who wants to understand how things can go wrong in society , and to get a glimpse of the cleverness of the human spirit . I 'd say this is a must read for everyone !
 This is an excelenent book about book censorship and its tale still fascinates the mind today as much as it did when it was written in the 1950 's . This book however i should notice reads in some parts more like a poem then a novel , sacrificing plot and dialogue for poetic beauty.The characters in this book are very deep and realistic leaving a haunting feeling on you , however interestingly he does n't actualy spend much time actualy describing them , but somehow from the story you can draw so much more than you would from a description , however short or indepth it may be . I suggest this book as a standard reading for all people who wish to understand what the world could -LRB- and inevittably is -RRB- comming to .
 I 'll spare you the summary -LRB- you can read that in many other reviews -RRB- and tell you that this story is very easy to read and understand . The main idea of the story is that censorship -LRB- especially concerning books -RRB- is very dangerous and damaging to society . Whether you know it or not , books -LRB- especially the classics -RRB- are everywhere . From nursery rhymes to mythological stories , they play an important part in our daily lives . They are referenced in tv shows , movies , and in our vernacular . Think of Shakespeare . How many times do we see the Romeo and Juliet story whether it be in movies or music , etc. . Or Homer 's Odyssey ? Or the Bible ? If we were to lose these gems , our lives lose that important element . You do n't have to be a reader to not feel the magnitude of losing our greatest stories . What I got out of the book also was Mr. Bradbury seemed to be warning the reader that if society does n't open their eyes and take notice of important issues , the rug is going to be pulled out from under us . If we keep burying our heads in the sand and hiding behind celebrity rags , video games , and sporting events , we 'll lose touch with the world around us and become victims of something bigger . He 's not saying that fun ca n't be had , but if our lives are simply filled with sloth and fluff , we are going to be no better than a lemming . It 's our duty to educate ourselves in order to prevent things like censorship or war from happening . A very good read , indeed .
 I have always meant to read `` Fahrenheit 451 '' but had never managed to get around to it . In a world where time is scarce , I neglected this classic work by Ray Bradbury . I regret this situation very much . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a modern classic that deserves to be read . The individual is poorer for not having done so.If the novel has any message , it is that censorship is a very great danger . In the extreme case , we have the official authorisation of book burning . Books contain evil thoughts and encourage individuals to think for themselves . If books are removed from society then the power to control the individual is that much greater.Although written more than fifty years ago , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' still resonates today . Yes , the evils of the Soviet Union and its satellites are no longer with us and the cold war has been left to the dustbin of history . However , whenever given the chance , governments of all colours just love to seek control through censorship . Even in the west , governments hanker for greater control as a means of stemming the growth of terrorism or whatever else they deem to be a danger to them . As citizens , we should always question any attempt to increase the power of government over what the population can read or watch or listen . We must always be vigilant.Ray Bradbury is a man of great prescience . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' can legitimately be compared with the master works of George Orwell . This is true praise as Orwell rests in the pantheon of the geniuses and Bradbury deserves his place in the sun just as much .
 I had to read this book for school and , well , you know the routine . I thought , `` Oh , great , assigned reading , this 'll be so boring to read , '' et cetera . Boy , was I ever wrong.Set in America 's not-too-distant future , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' tells the story of Guy Montag , a fireman whose job is to set fire to houses where books are found . He loves his job , and never once doubts his happiness in life - that is , until he meets a seventeen-year-old girl named Clarisse . Clarisse tells Montag of a past when the censorship of books was nonexistent - and more importantly , of a past when everyone could truly be a unique individual.Thus begins a riveting -LRB- and frighteningly prophetic -RRB- tale as Montag finally begins to question things he never questioned before and sets out on a quest to find the truth . Not only will the author leave you contemplating the novel itself , but the unsettling possibility of this kind of censorship actually surfacing in the tomorrow of America .
 I am a high school teacher , and Fahrenheit 451 is one of my favorite books to teach . First of all , the students enjoy the story , the images , and the writing style . With an opening sentence of `` It was a pleasure to burn , '' even students who usually do n't like reading `` eat '' up this novel . With Bradbury 's eerie insight into today 's society -LRB- the book was written in the 1950 's -RRB- and the topics of censorship , the value of books , etc , I never run out of things to discuss with the students.The novel makes people think , question today 's society , remember great pieces of literature , and explore controversial topics . Despite instances of mild language , the images of the book stick with the reader ; the mechanical hound , the hearth and the salamander , the venom spitting python hose are just some of those fantastic images that permeate the book.I highly recommend the novel . It 's worth a second read if you have n't picked it up in awhile , and if you 've never read it , you are missing one fabulous novel .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is about a fireman named Guy Montag . In his world , firemen started fires to burn books-as both their job and their own pleasure . He never questions why they burned books or the way society was , until he met a seventeen year old girl named Clarisse McClellan , who , with the help of an old professor helped him examine the past and what they have become in the present . Guy began to question society , and figure out what he had to do to change it.When I originally began reading this book , I found it confusing and a little hard to follow because of its futuristic setting and characters . However , as I got farther into the book , it was easier to understand the story line and the plot . Even as he wrote it in 1953 , Ray Bradbury makes outstanding points in his book about the messages that society and the media sends to us today . No matter how convincing they may be , it is the truth that matters . This book opened my eyes to many questions about the way we live today , and how we can change the bad one step and a time .
 This book is over 50 years old now . Somehow , it just keeps becoming more and more accurate a look at American society . Yes , Bradbury nailed the American apathy and isolationism of his complacent 1950s world . That 's still there . He also scores a bullseye on the eternal button earplug , always there to drown the real world with its soothing , private murmur . His video walls look increasingly familiar , as home theater becomes more common and as the 60 '' screens give way to 80 '' and 100 '' . And , of course , the book-bannings . We have those in plenty , based on every ism in the catalog . Sexism , satanism , racism , to name a few , along with the anti-evolution nuts . Bradbury also foretold the decay of personal relationships , giving examples that sound bitterly like today 's front pages.He got one wrong , though . Bradbury seemed to hope that nuclear war on US soil would cauterize the social wounds . We 've seen a bit too vividly what a house of cards we live in , how sensitive the power , health , communication , and even emergency infrastructure are , how tiny outages cascade into national-level failures . The nuclear fallout would be bad enough , and Bradbury seemed to hold the ` 50s idea of a winnable nuclear war . I just do n't think he appreciated the enormity of the general collapse that would follow even one major city falling - but he did n't have our examples to learn from.Half a hundred years later , this book is painfully pertinent . And , in the blackest of ironies , Bradbury 's warning against censorship and bowdlerism has itself been subject to censorship and bowdlerism . Read it to find out why . If you 've read it , read it again.Who knows , your memory may be the one that keeps this book alive . / / wiredweird
 ... Very few people see the obvious in this masterful work by Mr. Bradbury ... It 's not only a political commentary against anti-intellectualism -LRB- President Bush ... are you paying attention ?! -RRB- ... But this work is also a clever love story ... There are enough admirers of Bradbury 's work reading here that may have noted the old triangle Bradbury throws out about middle aged Guy Montague 's married wanderlust with a much younger , teenaged girl ... The old master does n't carry this down the regular Valentine road though ... He couches Montague 's fondness and interest in the fetching young Clarisse around the subject and `` love '' of books ... It is easy to see the sexual connection Bradbury draws via vivid descriptions on the smell and feel of books ... Indeed , Bradbury makes the choice the characters in this most novel of novels must make between the constrained fidelity of 457 's society of anti-intellectual constraints versus the uninhibited option of free love in not only one 's thinking but in the individual 's life and love as a decision a person must make with every bit of fervor and `` love '' that they have ... Mr. Bradbury makes his choice for the latter in a most convincing , romantic , and egalitarian manner ... His spectacular if somewhat cliche ending lets the reader know in no uncertain terms that Bradbury wishes the reader to make and promote the books point of being for knowledge or against it as the crucible of what to take away from this splendid tale ... Enough so , that one may indeed wonder what beautiful depths and dimensions Bradbury might have added to this work by giving the character Clarisse more of a voice and part in the book ... Certainly , the further fleshing out of the romantic attraction between Montague and Clarisse this reviewer does n't believe would have detracted from the work , far from it , perhaps it would have added a dimension to the story that seems waiting to be told ... Reading any of Bradbury 's gorgeous work ... `` The Illustrated Man '' , `` The Martian Chronicles '' , `` Dandelion Wine '' , or any of his many short story compilations are absolute rapture for the true bibliophile ... Sitting down with Bradbury is like being able to dream while you read ... Both are things we do n't have enough of in today 's `` Bush-whacked '' culture ... Pick up this one today and send a message to the Nascar set ! ...
 I WAS SITTING ON MY COUCH ONE SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND I HAD NOTHING TO DO SO I PICKED UP THIS BOOK , FAHRENHEIT 451 , BY RAY BRADBURY . I THOUGHT TO MY SELF , WHY ARE YOU READING WHEN YOU COULD GO OUTSIDE AND PLAY BASKETBALL OR GO SOMEWHERE ... BUT LITTLE DID I KNOW I WOULD BE COMPLETELY INTRIGUED BY BRADBURY 'S MASTERPIECE . IN THIS NOVEL , FIREMEN DO NOT EXTINGUISH FIRES BUT IGNITE THEM USING KEROSENE . THE ACT OF SEEKING KNOWLEDGE IS FROWNED UPON AND THOSE WHO INSIST UPON READING AND ARE CAUGHT WITH BOOKS HAVE THEIR LIVES BURNED TO ASHES . THE NOVEL FOLLOWS THE LIFE OF A FIREMAN NAMED GUY MONTAG WHO , BEFORE MEETING AN OPTIMISTIC SEVENTEEN-YEAR-OLD NAMED CLARISSE HAD NEVER ONCE DESIRED TO COLOR OUTSIDE THE LINES OR IN ANY OTHER COLOR THAN BLACK OR WHITE . WITH THE VIEWPOINTS OF CLARISSE , GUY IS ABLE TO SEE THAT THE `` RIGHT '' WAY OF LIVING WAS IN FACT THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE . SUDDENLY GUY IS TRAPPED BETWEEN DOING WHAT HE THINKS IS RIGHT AND BECOMING A FUGITIVE , OR DOING WHAT THE REST OF SOCIETY BELIEVES TO BE CORRECT . THE PLOT LATER THICKENS WHEN MONTAG TELLS HIS WIFE , MILDRED , OF HIS NEW FOUND VIEWS ON LIFE AND THE WAY THEY ARE LIVING . IN MY VIEWS BRADBURY WROTE THIS KNOWLEDGE BURNING NOVEL TO TRY AND EXPLAIN TO THE READERS OF WHAT WAS TO COME IN THEIR LIVES IF THINGS WERE NOT CHANGED SOON . MANY OF THE TONES USED AND THE WAY THE FIRE DEPARTMENT RAN THE CITY IS METAPHORICAL TO A DICTATORSHIP . I HAVE NOTICED THAT SOME AMAZON USERS HAVE NOT BEEN AS INFLUENCED BY BRADBURYS MASTERPIECE AS I HAVE . HOWEVER I WOULD DIFINATELY REFFER THIS BOOK TO ANYONE INTERESTED IN POLITICS OR ANYONE WHO IS BIG INTO SCIENCE FICTION . I GIVE IT TWO THUMBS UP .
 this is a quick read , but PLEASE slow down and savor this book . It 's worth the time .
 THIS IS ONE OF THOUGHS BOOKS WHICH I FEEL LEAVES BEFORE ONE WANTS IT TO . THIS BOOK TELLS AN EXELENT STORY , BUT IT IS NOT AS DEEP AS I EXPECTED . THIS BOOK IS AT ABOUT AN 11 GRADE LEVEL AND IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A QUICK SIMIMEANNINGFULL READ THEN HEY , BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOME SUBSTANCE THAN TRY OUT SOMETHING ELSE .
 What can I say about this book ? It was written several decades ago , but it eerily parallels a lot of what is happening today . From Big Screen TV 's to Political Correctness . This is one novel that Has to be taught in the classroom .
 This novel is an excelent book to read . It 's a fiction book , interlinked with a remarkable similarity to our society . It could be catologed as a satire to the world we live in . One in which our minds have little time to think on thier own , and are guided by false entertainment . It takes place in the future -LRB- written around 1950 -RRB- and the heart change a fireman has towards his career . By fireman I mean a man who puts books a blaze since they are ilegal in thier time .
 I loved this book because of it 's value as a warning to everyone who is addicted to T.V. and these blasted computers . I read this book over a week and passed it on to a friend telling him I did n't want to see it again and that he should pass it on to someone who would gain wisdom from it . Bradbury is starting to become a hobby now I 've just started a third book written by him and I hope I 'll read all of them .
 I first picked up this book when I was 11 and have re-read it about once a year since then . As I get older I notice more and more the similiarities between what Bradbury said the future would be when he wrote the tale and what it is now . One of the most chilling sections is when Montage 's boss describes how `` political correctness '' got out of hand and became a harbringer of the new dark age the book describes . If you have n't read this , do . I am definitely not the first to call it a classic .
 WOW ! This book will make you think , and be thankful that you can . At first the futuristic world that is proposed seems foreign and unrealistic , but as you sink deeper into the story , you realize that the zombie-like society is n't that far from our own . After reading this book you 'll probably drive to work a little slower and look out the window at the things in life we too often take for granted . This book shows the importance of voicing your opinions , but also not censoring the opinions of others .
 This is definitely a well written book . It 's one of those books that has a message and makes you see the similiarities between our world and Bradbury 's fictional world of the future . It 's short and to the point , if you have a few spare hours you should definitely read this book . It makes you THINK .
 A remarkable tale of censurship and the decay of human knowledge . This is the first Bradbury book I 've read and I must say that it impressed me greatly . Not only is it extremely easy to read , but it has a remarkable -LRB- yet chilling -RRB- plot .
 I thought that `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was a superb representation of what our society is turning into . Bradbury explained in great detail how book reading , libraries and thinking would diminish in the future . -LRB- which is the 90 's -RRB- I thought book burning was the end to learning and clearly represents some people and their beliefs today .
 well in gerneral I think that Is a good story and it is hard to understand . Im not a bright guy but it was hard for me to understand , but the parts that I did I liked it . It could have had a better ending .
 I personally thought that the originality of the plot was what made the book interesting for me . Never before had I read a book about the banning of books and using `` firemen '' to get rid of them . At times there were some lulls and some confusing parts , but overall Bradbury 's unique style is what made the book worthwhile for me to read . I believe that Montag was at times a flat character that could use a little spice , but his growth throughout the novel seemed to counteract the deterioration within his own surrounding society . To think that one day our own society could be like Montag 's ; burning books and stifling creativity ; is absolutely frightening to me and this book does not try to supress that notion . It actually amplifies it , but it can be used as a reference for our future generations so they would never reach that low point that Montag 's society reached .
 Farenheit 451 is a wonderful book , though slow at times . I was intrigued by the idea of a future where thinking is looked down upon and mindless activity is promoted . Guy Montag is also a hero that I could sympathize with . For a interesting read , this book is an obvious choice .
 Ray Bradbury warned us of a culture that had no more ambitions then to watch TV . Much has come true . I mean how many people think `` Titanic '' actually qualifies as entertainment . He described a society were simplistic plots dominated . He also described a presidential race won because of one canidates charisma not because of wether or not his plans would work . Most of all Grandmaster Bradbury gives us hope . I sincerely believe that TV and movies will become obsolete to holograms and VR . Holograms and VR will become obsolete to somatic input devices . Nevertheless books will always be read . Why ? I 'm sixteen and proof that love of literature has n't been completely lost on my generation . These are a few of the reasons this is one of my favorite books .
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the best books I have ever read . This book potrays a society , which may look too fake to be true , however , when we realise in what society we live in , we understand that it is not too far away . Every charachter of this novel wants to learn something to us.I liked especially one phrase of Beaty about Clarisse which shows exactly what people the government of the novel wants `` She did not want to learn how a thing was done , but why.That can be embarrassing ''
 This book is exceptional in its portrayal of the future . Yet , it is slow for the few chapters . If you buy this book , brunt the hardship ; it gets incredible later !
 This book just sweeps into the world of so called happiness.I think the book is warning us about the dangers of technology.I love the way he portrays life in the future and how liberal and lazy the people have become.I especially love Captain Beatty 's personality , he can burn books but yet he knows quite alot about them.Captain Beatty 's name is kind of ironic in how it incorporates the word beatific , which means to show extreme joy or bliss , when in the book they all are trying to stay happy when really they 're not.They are not happy in my opinion because they always have to be doing something they ca n't just think or have a conversation with a human being.This book is very interesting and I recomend it to teens so they can learn more about life itself .
 This book is scary when you read it . It opened my eyes as to what is slowly starting to happen to our society . Bradbury may have written this around mid-century , but he is closer to predicting the future than any author I have read works by .
 A highly prophetic story about the voluntary dumbing down of society that in today 's day-and-age hardly passes as fiction -LRB- it 's not really about government censorship , as some seem to believe -RRB- . This is a must-read with a great -LRB- and alarmingly urgent -RRB- message . The only annoyance for me was the writing style , which I felt was a bit on the tacky side , but the core message here is too important and otherwise well-stated to let that influence my rating . Everyone should read this at least once , and hopefully we 'll all learn something from it before it 's too late ; though the thought seems somewhat optimistic at this point .
 Fahrenheit 451 has been on my lengthy ` to read ' list for quite a while . My book club selected it this month and I 'm glad I finally took the time to dive into the book.What I found most chilling about the book was not the book burning although the idea makes me shudder , but the picture of a society that 's lost all respect and sense of reality . Montag 's wife with her television ` family ' distressed me as the seeds exist in so many ways in our society . Likewise the premise that letting minority voices rule eventually leads to all voices needing to be the same provokes thought.My only complaint would be the suddenness of the book 's conclusion . I was following Montag with great excitement , but wanted more answers than I had by the end of the book.I 'd also recommend reading the afterward . Great perspective from Bradbury and some ironic moments .
 This book is one of my absolute favorite dystopian novels of all time . The book is exceptionally well written , is very fast paced and is filled it political and social commentary . The book follows the life of a fireman ... in this dystopia a fireman does not put out fires but instead his job is to start fires in order to burn books and the houses of the people that they are found in , as literature is banned . As the book progresses the main charater starts to question the legitimacy of his job and finally has one experiance that pushes him over the edge . Finally , one action takes him beyond redemption where he is targeted by his own ruthless government . The end of the book is wonderful , and it reminds me of the Book of Eli.I definately recommend this book as it is a great , fast paced , exciting read . Once you start you will not put this book down for a second , and you will be done in 1-2 days . Additionally , this book is one that you will want to pick up and re-read over and over again as you always find something new . It should be noted that this book was considered so inflammatory that it was secretely censored by the published without Bradbury 's knowledge . You can not go wrong with this book and you will not be disappointed . This is my favorite classic , and I garuntee you will love this one as much as I did ! Go and buy it , this is a great book to add to your collection .
 Bradbury wrote this futuristic tale of a dysfunctional society where literature is unappreciated and virtually gone from the society . Individuals become sloths in and disregard books as an important part in the development of a society . The protagonist , Guy Montag is a fireman that burns books for a living . A young girl named Clarisse opens his world to new perspectives . Montag experiences a break down that changes his thoughts and feelings about books . From there he seeks the help of professor Faber who assists him in understanding books . After lashing out at his wife , Montag becomes a fugitive and he joins a group of intellectuals called the Book People . This story highlights aspects that are now seen in today 's society - books have been translated into electronic forms and more and more people watch television and laze around . To me , the only thing interesting about this story was the plot itself , the style of writing was utterly uninteresting.When I embarked on reading this book , I could n't get past the first 30 pages ; Bradbury 's style was boring and could not fully retain the reader 's attention . However , it 's because of its reputation as one of a kind during his time , that people read it . The characters themselves did not have that much depth to their personality . Montag 's wife , Mildred is a small minded individual that can not grasp the simplest idea of the anything . Bradbury killed off possibly one of the possibly interesting characters , Clarisse . She was like the last hope in adding creativity and depth to the writing . Nonetheless , I enjoyed the idea of the story and the plot line but the way it was expressed was not good . Overall , despite the negative comments I made about the story itself , I would recommend this book to readers out there .
 Are you looking for a book that has the perfect mixture of real and make-believe ? Written in the 1953 , Bradbury wrote this book describing an altered society taken over by the media -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- , lacking freedom of speech and individuality . Today 's world -- especially the U.S. is highly consumed in the media and Americans are decreasingly reading books . So how did Bradbury predict this media phenomenon about fifty years ago ? That is the genius behind it ; he writes this novel with such intricate detail and creativity in regards to technology and societal thought , making it seem as if the happenings of today 's and the future 's society were happening at the time it was written.The main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman -- a fireman that starts fires , that is , in order to burn books . The government of this society has decided that all books should be banned , and burned . In other words , an extreme case of censorship . You ca n't help but think that this is like the censorship of today of government records or media that attacks the government . Books expose people to new ideas and provokes the mind to think outside its bounds . If people have this exposure then surely they will speak out against the system and create great controversy . If books are taken away along with people 's freedom of speech and expression , then everyone will be alike , leaving no space for individuality . This is exactly what happens with the characters , especially Montag 's wife who sits and watches meaningless soaps and advertisements all day -- they have become like robots . In Montag 's quest to find a specific book , he experiences great emotion which he is struggling to express , leaving you -LRB- the reader -RRB- attached to his struggle.The suspense and vivid descriptions Bradbury creates leaves you on the edge of your seat , anxious to know what will happen next . Maybe the surrealism Bradbury illustrates will turn into -LRB- if not already -RRB- realism . Bottom line is , it 's an all time classic and a must read .
 It 's clear why Ray Bradbury did n't care to have his novel compared to Orwell 's 1984 . Orwell 's antagonist , the totalitarian state , was effectively one dimensional . Bradbury 's protagonist , by the time the novel opens , is ourselves , infected by omnipresent fear . Early in the story , when Montag meets Clarisse , he finds her to be somehow uninfected . In modern parlance , she has n't drunk the Cool Aid . `` I 'm anti-social , they say , I do n't mix . I do n't think it 's social , '' she says , `` to get a bunch of people together and then not let them talk , do you ? We never ask questions , they just run the answers at you , bing , bing , bing , and us sitting there for four more hours of film teacher . It 's a lot of funnels and a lot of water poured down the spout and out the bottom and them telling us it 's wine , when it 's not . `` Fahrenheit 451 is a very frightening book , and the reader is drawn in immediately . When Montag goes home , he faces the other end of the spectrum from Clarisse ; he faces his wife , who has been thoroughly brainwashed into submission . The tension rises dramatically , reaching a climax when Montag is forced to torch his own home . When he turns the torch on his boss , Montag becomes a fugitive and eventually settles with the hobos along the railroad tracks , all of whom has memorized a book in order to preserve it after all the physical copies have been destroyed.At 50 thousand words it 's what would today be called a novella , meaning no agent would touch it . And an editor would have problems with some of the more egregious loose ends , including the characters of Clarisse and Faber . But it has struck a chord with an American public which fears the encroachment of the government in our daily lives . And it is always fascinating to compare the futures envisioned by writers of science fiction with the way things ultimately turn out . Bradbury 's inclusion of mural-sized TVs and people mesmerized by reality shows displayed remarkable foresight . And that , too , is terrifying .
 After reading `` The Time Machine '' by H.G Wells -LRB- Great book by the way -RRB- , I started looking for more Sci Fiction/Dystopian style of books . Fahrenheit 451 is perfect ! The author presents us with a world where books and anything `` upsetting '' are illegal . Things like creativity and thinking are nonexistent , and life revolves around being entertained , mostly by giant television screens ... The main character of the story eventually changes , but I wo n't say too much more about that . I will say though that is one interesting book to read , especially with all the similarities it has with the current times . I also found it to be a very entertaining and not too difficult read , so I 'd say anyone 8th grade and older should give it a try .
 This was a truly great book . I 'm a book reader . I buy and stock and stack books . My house is full of books , all 3 floors , from top to bottom and I cherish my books . This book really brought home to me how important my books are to me and what the world would be like if I could n't have them and had to hide them . What I really liked is how the main character realized that he could no longer keep people from having their knowlege and turned around to protect the books . The people who would memorize their books and keep the knowledge was also a very cool concept . Great story !
 This book is so relevant to today that it is scary . It has really opened my eyes . This book is a must read and is definitely one of my favorite books .
 I was first introduced to Ray Bradbury when I took up The Martian Chronicles at my community library . I was impressed . Now , several years later , I finally read Fahrenheit 451 . The book is divided into three parts , and the first two were absolutely excellent . -LRB- The Afterword and Coda were , as well . -RRB- The third part of the story , however , lost me . Ray Bradbury decided , partway through the section , to abandon the easily flowing narrative that he had established in the rest of the book . Instead he picked up a very difficult to follow inner dialogue that lost my interest . Which made it even harder to follow for the rest of the book.But , Bradbury deserves a gold star for his insight into how society is working today -LRB- which he foresaw several years ago -RRB- . We are giving up books and stopping thinking . Remember , at first , the government did n't have to burn books ... People just stopped reading them.Love it or hate it , this is a book that rings with truth . And , whatever you do , do n't burn it .
 Many other people have already said that they liked the book , but I really have to say , this is one of the most brilliant stories of all time . From the first sentence ` It was a pleasure to burn ' to the end , I could n't put this down . It 's almost poetic , you do n't get stuck in bogged down writing full of unimportant details . This book is an extremely easy read , yet it is a hundred times more impactful then a 500 page book that takes you weeks to finish . Sure , you 'll think about that while you 're reading it , but this book will come back to haunt you years down the line.For a story written so long ago , it 's frightening that society has done nothing to prove it wrong . This is a classic story about censorship that manages to enforce it 's point without sounding at all preachy . It encourages thought . I wish they had made me read this in school , surely this would strike a chord in many people bored by the onslought of bad shakespeare movies . Hopefully this story serves as a cautionary tale to the people of today . Our TV 's keep getting bigger , our music more portable , our transportation faster , but it feels like , in our need for speed , we 're leaving the important things behind.To conclude , this is a brilliant story , even who people who read but once a year . While it 's simple to understand , It 's one of the most profound things that you 'll ever read .
 It is simply amazing how , for a book written so many years earlier , is actually quite accurate discribing how things are turning this day in age ... It does make you wonder ... and makes you more aware of your own behaviors .
 That 's all there is to it . I enjoyed the story somewhat , but it was nothing to die over
 Fahrenheit 451 is a utopian novel much like Huxley 's Brave New World , Orwell 's 1984 , or Rand 's Anthem . It is a startling depiction of a life where books are taboo , and reading is illegal . Instead , the people are dumbed down with constant noise and emotion devoid of purposeful thought . This novel is enthralling . It is vivid and potent because the telltale signs of demise are familar in our everyday lives
 For grade levels 11th and up , Fahrenheit 451 is sure to please readers of all intrests . Fireman Guy Montag is deeply troubled when he meets a local girl and watchs a women burn in her home . He then realizes the importance of those books he keeps burning and within a few days , he is a totally diffrent person.Author Ray Bradbury predicts the future and successfuly holds the reader 's intrest . Frightingly , Ray predictions are quite acurate . Read it and see for yourself .
 fahrenhiet 451 is about a man named montag who is a fireman who is payed to burn books and also the house they are in . Till one house they went to the ladie there would not leave her house even when it was on fire , so she ended up dying.so the next day he says that he fells a little sick . so he lays in bed resting , and then his captian comes over . so asthey talk montag says a question `` should I quit . '' But the captian says that he is very importat to the company.so then the captian leaves and montag shows his wife the hidden stash of books he has.he also may have the last bible on this hole side of the world . so can he restore order or not .
 For my book project in school , I chose to Fahrenheit 451 ; I was quite impressed by his writing in The Illustrated Man and The Martian Chrnicles.I simply loved the novel . Its theme of censorship and knowledge vs. ignorance reminded to be aware of the future.Since almost everyone has explained the plot of this book , I wo n't bother to do this .
 Love stories are about the heat of the moment and there can be 451 degrees of heat between a person and their love for books . In the well-known novel Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury . The story takes place in the near future at a town were the fire fighters do n't put out the fires they start them . The fire fighters have five rules that they need to stick to 1 -RRB- answer the alarm quickly 2 -RRB- start the fire swiftly 3 -RRB- burn every thing 4 -RRB- report back to fire house immediately 5 -RRB- stand alert for other alarms . So when the fire fighters hear the siren it means that someone in town has been caught with a book in their house . It is the fire fighters job to race down to the house and light it on fire whether the person living there is in or out of the house . Guy Montag , one of the fire fighters that takes pleasure in burning books is confronted one day by one of his new neighbors Clarisse McClellan a seventeen year old , she meets up with Guy a few times , but in their short time period 's together Guy 's world is thrown upside down . Clarisse questions him and tackles him about his job . She asks him what 's the point and why does he do it . What 's so wrong with book ? His reply is that books are illegal . After all of the questions Guy became curious and takes books away from the burning pile . Little by little he starts wondering what was wrong with books , so he asked a professor to teach him.Ray Bradbury born in Waukegan , Illinois , on August 22 , 1920 . Ray wrote Fahrenheit 451 when he was 22 and has won many awards for his writing such as the O. Henry Memorial Award , the Benjamin Franklin Award -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , and the Aviation-Space Writer 's Association Award for Best Space Article in an American Magazine -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , the World Fantasy Award for Lifetime Achievement , and the Grand Master Award from the Science Fiction Writers of America . His work was also included in the Best American Short Stories collections for 1946 , 1948 and 1952 . He has won all of these awards because he writes with a breathtaking style . This book has a fabulous plot that makes you think about what might happen in the future years if people keep watching more and more television and reading fewer and fewer books .
 I loved reading Fahrenheit 451 , it was very enjoyable . I can see why it is considered a classic by many people . Also , it deals with issues that are more vibrant in our country today than when the book was originally published . The scary thing is , the society in the book has many striking similarities to our own today , especially now that Bush is in office again . Anyway , I reccomend this wonderful book to everyone .
 In Fahrenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury has a vision for the future ; firemen do n't put out fires-they start them in order to burn books . Inthis society trivial information is good and knowledge and ideas are bad . Guy Montag is a book burning fireman undergoing a crisis of faith . People around him and his job cause this crisis . His wife spends all day watching her TV and being sucked into the fake reality of the world . She wants a room full of T.V. 's so she can just be connected to society . His next door neighbor Clarisse , is the one who I think starts Montag 's thinking about society and what kind of knowledge and ideas are in books . Clarisse is more interested in what she can see in the world around her than in the mindless T.V. . This book is a good representation of our society today . The TV and music are affecting our lives a lot more than reading books . These days we are constantly being bombarded by flashes of images and sounds . This is a good book for those who think outside the box and want to look at a different perspective of information these days and what we are really affected by .
 Fahrenheit 451I like the thought that the world could be a completely different place if we did not have books . Before I read this book , I always used to think that it would be cool and a lot better if books did not exist in the world . However , I realized that without books nobody would have their own views on certain subjects , and everyone would be dull like Montag 's wife . This fantasy no longer appeals to me , because I hate talking to people like Mildred . Everyone would live in their virtual world and the television would tell them what to think . I like the fact that Montag is forced to think about what he is doing , and he steals books because he has a desire to learn . I feel that I would have done the same thing in his situation , and I feel that I am a lot like him because I like to go with the flow but I do n't agree with everything , and I question what I feel is wrong . I strongly recommend this book to anyone who feels the world would be a better place without books .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 was one of the best books that I have ever read . I am one of those people who do n't read often and do n't enjoy books , so having said that is amazing enough for me . What astounds me is that this book was written in the 1950 's and the author was able to make some predictions about the future . Now we may not be quite where this book takes place time wise , but some of the technology that is mentioned in this book is not too distant in our future . This book really caught my attention because some of the ideas were ones that I too have thought about . The main reason they burned the books was because they did n't like anything that was fiction , or were unsure it was true . They saw that there was no point in discussing such matters of scientific or religious nature if they could not be proved , but that 's just my theory . If you end up reading this book , than you might come up with your own . I recommend this book to anyone who is willing to have an open mind .
 I have really enjoyed reading the book Fahrenheit 451 . The book takes place in a society which is completely different than ours , at some point in the future . In this society it is illegal to have books of any kind , and the story depicts the man whose job it is to go around and burn these books . The fireman , Guy Montag , begins to go against his job , and sneaks books so that he can read them . I am not usually a fan of many books , so I thought that a world without books would be a great place to live . After reading this Ray Bradbury novel my view has changed . Because there are no books in this society there is no way for the people to express themselves , and everyone ends up being almost exactly the same . This type of uniformity was the direct result of not having books for people to read and allow them to write to express their feelings . This story has taught me that books are an important forum for expression , and when a book can keep me interested and reading throughout , and send an important message , that is a quality book in my mind . That is why Fahrenheit 451 got a four star rating from me .
 A nice easy read for someone who may be interested in a futuristic fun read . Guy Montag brings to the reader a whole new life style that no one has ever experienced . I enjoyed reading this book because there was never a moment when I felt bored with what I was reading or thought of putting it down . I recommend this book to the young adult who is looking for an a relaxing , fun read .
 I enjoyed reading this . The book is about a fireman who starts having doubts about his job and his home life . He begins wondering if what he is doing is the right thing to do but it may cost him his job , wife and life . His strugles go on though out the book and in this furture that he lives in he is alone . Just a simple man with his thoughts wondering how different live would be if people were allowed to read books ...
 Fahrenheit 451
 Of all the Distopia oriented books I have read this is my favorite . It 's also the one that I think had the most probibility of actually happening . Not necessarily book-burning , but the whole complex of censoring things to make everyone happy . That sort of stuff is happening more and more everyday.Nothing else to say besides it 's frightening and brilliant .
 I enjoyed this book to an extent . I disliked a lot of things about it also . This book is about a futuristic time where censorship has been taking too far . The idea that as we keep censoring different things to please different minorities we sometimes lose a lot that is good I found very appealing . It seems as if society today does seem to censor too much and is it fixed on appealing to everyone.In this book we find what would happen if we did try to appeal to everyone and not offend anyone . It shows the future without books as being filled with people that have no personalities . People pretty much become drones , each person exactly like the last . The main character , Guy Montag 's wife is a perfect example of this . She has no life outside of watching television , which is how most people spend their time in this story . Montag is a fireman who in this day burns books rather than put out fires . He later meets characters who intrigue him and get him to start stealing some books to read and find out what they are about . He soon finds the problems with his society that he is a part of and understands the importance of books.Although this book did have some great points to the negative side of censorship I could n't really enjoy how unrealistic it was . I just could n't get over the fact that all people had banned books completely . It was just an unrealistic future in my eyes and I could n't get over it . Overall , I would recommend this book to all readers even with my dissatisfaction of it .
 For Guy Montag burning the books is a way of life . Never once did he give a second thought to the fact that there was a time , and could again be a time when firemen prevented fires instead of starting them , and book were meant , and allowed to be read , not burned.My favorite aspect of Fahrenheit 451 was how real it was . Although it is a fictional , futuristic novel , the sense that the senerio could happen is chilling to a society that prides itself on freedom of speech and equal liberties.I like Bradbury 's writing style also . At first I had little faith that this book could keep my interest , but not too far into reading I could n't wait to find out what happened next . The language kept you hanging onto every word . Not only was it catching , it was easy to understand and read , yet had a sense of maturity to it .
 Generally my favorite Bradbury illustrator is Ray 's compadre Joe Mugnani , but Steadman 's crazed , violent visions sharpen the edge on this book and help you see just how frightening Bradbury 's dystopia really is . Craig Graham has done Bradbury fans a service . A beautiful book .
 Guy Montag is a firefighter , but not what you expect . He starts the fires . Guy meets a girl who turns his whole world upside down . She opens the doors to his mind and changes his whole perspective on life . She changes everything he ever knew.I enjoyed this book . I learned that you might not know people or even yourself as well as you thought . I also learned that you do n't really know what you have until you have it ripped away from you.Some parts in this book made me want to keep reading because it was so interesting . Other times the reading was harder and it went slower . A lot of the little questions went unanswered ; however the big ones were answered and basically laid out for you . It was n't that hard of a book to understand . It did n't skip around too much . It stayed with Montag until the end .
 One of my all time favorite books . Montag lives in a world where books are burned and firemen actually set fires instead of putting them out . It 's hard to imagine what Montag had to go through to make such a change in his life and go against all social norms , to be one of the most revered in society -LRB- a fireman -RRB- to an outcast . It 's also very interesting to see the correlations to today 's lifestyle .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a prescient , cautionary tale about the dangers of censorship and the stifling of reason and empathy.Guy Montag , the protagonist , represents the moral conscience of a society gone mad . In the imaginary , hellish society created by Bradbury , Montag has conformed to the prevailing irrational belief that books are for burning -- and , by extension , that the fire of intellectual curiosity is something to be extinguished . Yet persistent reminders of a time when people could think for themselves compel him to look for the causes of his own as well as his society 's senselessness . A beautiful girl reminds him of the simple power of nature and art . An aging professor extols the virtue of great literature . In the process of Monatag 's search , the reader , too , explores the nature of curiosity and the forces that would squash it . For example , we come against the deadening superficiality of television and the unyielding closed-mindedness of the authority figures in total control.Unlike 1984 , another dystopian novel pitting man against an irrational society , Bradbury offers a hopeful , uplifting ending , where those who would dare to think are about to escape to start a better world . This injection of cautious optimism is but one of the masterful flourishes Bradbury offers that make his work stand out from others of this genre . This is a magnificent story of the triumph of knowledge over artificiality and pretense .
 The unfamiliar circumstances in this story are analogous to the present in several aspects , conveying a relatable character in a strange world .
 To be perfectly honest , I really do n't understand how this classic is rated below a 4-star by any reader . Yes I know that every reader has their own personal taste but this story is a classic for the ages . Every kid in a middle school should have to read this story about how lucky we are to be able to read books , no matter what the content or agenda the story might contain.Anyone who has never read this story should pick up a copy and start immediately . It 's the best $ .25 you will ever spend .
 I bought this book for my husband for his school . He loved reading the book . The author wrote the book so good that anyone reading it will surely love it .
 Guy Montag is a man who has lived his life without asking questions , he goes to work and does as he is told , his marriage is seemingly perfect ; he and his wife express no form of dislike or flaws in their marriage , no arguments , no discussions about their feelings and no oppositions on the others thoughts . With such a perfect life what can Ray Bradbury possibly write about in Fahrenheit 451 ? Fahrenheit 451 is a story of censorship on anything that causes controversy which for the most part is everything . This book describes the most severe , and for the most part the most unrealistic outcome of censorship . It is written in such an incredible and odd way that it is easily related to real life . This book shows Bradbury 's brilliance , because while this is his most down to earth book compared to his others , -LRB- The Martian Chronicles , Illustrated man and many others -RRB- he still leaves a lot to the mind by painting a very vague image of the world that Montag lives in . The setting , time , and the past are all described in this book , but for the most part , all that is known is that this book takes place sometime in the future . So without a specific time , the book can always be timeless . Bradbury does a fantastic job at keeping your finger craving to turn the page . He does an even better job at keeping the reader up all night with his mind numbing visuals and brilliant craftsmanship of wordplay . In Fahrenheit 451 , Guy Montag plays the role of a regular man given the chance to see the society for what it really is . This is given to him by Clarisse McClellan -LRB- sort of like Morpheus gives Neo the chance to take the red or the blue pill in the Matrix -RRB- . Clarisse is the character of self questioning . Every good book has a character like this , but Clarisse plays this role extremely well because without her , there is no chance of a story as magnificent as this . Do n't get me wrong Bradbury does a very good job of making an extraordinary and well balanced cast . Characters like Professor Faber , Captain Beatty , Mildred Montag and Mrs. Bowles all do a good job of sparking key elements and reactions out of Guy who completely morphs into a different man as the story proceeds . There is always a light in the back of your head letting you know that not all the characters are n't truly who they appear to be . The best example of this is the antagonist in this book . The antagonist in every sense of the word is everybody excluding Clarisse and the others who know about the truth of their society which is very little . When I say society , I do not mean the government , but the people.I was very happy with the ending and would rather not spoil the it , so I 'll just say there could be no better ending . The only true disappointment is the fact that the book was so short . I feel that there should be some sort of sequel , but that can never be . All around , this book was awesome , and any true lover of literature should pick this book up .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is an amazing story , and a terrifying insight as to where our society is headed . We may not literally make books illegal , but socially , they already are . In this tale , Guy Montag is a fireman whose job is to burn books , and the houses that contain them . Then a `` 17 year old and crazy '' girl puts some questions into his mind . Then he meets an old professor who brings on more questions . These characters make Montag question the society , and as a result , his life gets turned upside down.This book was published way back in 1953 , when society was just starting down the road that leads where it is today . Many things foretold in this book have come true in one form or another . Most people have become mentally stagnant . TV and video games have replaced books and creative thinking . I knew very few people in high school who enjoyed reading anything besides web-pages and TV guides . This book is worth reading just to get a kick in the stomach at how closely the book 's society mirrors our own.Many people have complained of the confusing writing style the Bradbury uses . I agree that it is a little difficult to follow at first , but you get use to it rather quickly . The only time that I had excessive trouble understanding what was happening , was the last couple of pages . I found the ending to be confusing . But , I just read it again and found some cliff-notes online , and now I understand what happened perfectly . Personally , I like the writing style because it is somewhat confusing . It makes you think for yourself in order to understand what is happening.So , if you are looking for a great book , this is one of the best I have read . I highly recomend Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 to anyone . Please read it so you can understand where our society is headed . Please read this book and aide in avoiding this very probable future .
 Ray Bradbury wrote Fahrenheit 451 * over 50 years ago ; it 's theme of the ` Big Brother ' autocratic society , has often had it compared to Orwell 's 1984 . Before I read this book I knew absolutely nothing of the story or its draconian motif . So finding out the altered definition of ` fireman ' that this book refers to was a revelation , to say the least.The story
 A great read and very thought provoking . We read as part of a community grant - The Big Read . Would strongly recommend .
 O internacionalmente aclamado romance de Ray Bradbury , Fahrenheit 451 , &eacute; uma obra-prima da literatura de fico cient&iacute;fica do s&eacute;culo XX , tendo como cen&aacute;rio um futuro preocupante e assustador , para n&oacute;s leitores.Guy Montag &eacute; um bombeiro . Seu trabalho &eacute; destruir o mais ilegal dos meios de comunicao - os livros impressos - juntamente com as casas onde esto escondidos.Em seu mundo , onde a televiso impera e a literatura est&aacute; em extino , os bombeiros iniciam os incndios ao inv&eacute;s de debel&aacute; - los.Guy Montag nunca questiona essa destruio produzida por seu trabalho , retornando todos os dias para sua casa e sua esposa Mildred , que passa o dia todo assistindo televiso , e implorando para que ele trabalhe cada vez mais , para que eles possam comprar um aparelho mais moderno.Mas quando ele se encontra com sua estranha e jovem vizinha Clarisse , que o apresenta a um passado onde as pessoas conversavam , no viviam com medo , e a um presente onde se olha o mundo atrav&eacute;s das id&eacute;ias lidas nos livros , e no atrav&eacute;s dos programas de tv.Ningu&eacute;m mais tem pensamentos originais ; com a destruio dos livros , a criatividade se perdeu ... Quando Mildred tenta o suic&iacute;dio e Clarisse desaparece misteriosamente , Montag comea a questionar tudo que conhece.Ele comea a esconder livros em sua casa , e quando &eacute; descoberto , tem de fugir para sobreviver.Ele acaba se juntando a um grupo de acadmicos que tentam manter vivos os conhecimentos dos livros queimados , em suas mentes , esperando que , um dia , a sociedade volte a precisar da sabedoria da literatura.A sociedade apresentada por Ray Bradbury tem a aprncia de felicidade completa - um lugar onde a informao banal &eacute; a boa informao , e o conhecimento e id&eacute;ias novas so o mal que ameaa.Na palavra do Comandante dos Bombeiros , Capito Beatty
 My son needed this book for his summer reading . Because he needs to make notes and create references in the book , this is the perfect solution at a very reasonable price .
 It was exactly as described , the only `` flaw '' being that the cover had a clean cut about halfway across the front cover . The interior was like new .
 Fahrenheit 451 is an important book for every person to read . It shows us the importance of books and the role they play in society . I enjoyed this book when I read it in high school . As a writer and lover of books , this novel only made me love literature even more . We are quite privileged to have books in our society . If there is ever a time when books are banned or burned , society will be in deep trouble . Freedom to read whatever we choose is one of the blessings of being educated people . Fahrenheit 451 should be read by anyone who is even capable of reading.Zachary B. MedinaAuthor of Decador
 It 's 2011 and I have just finished reading the book for my first time . I am currently attending college and due to the amount of reading I have had in past years it was hard for me to bring myself to reading other books as well ; related to laziness / lack of motivation.This year , however , has brought a new change upon me . I have made it my goal to read at least 1 - 2 different books each week which are not related whatsoever to school material -- and let me tell you , I am happy I have . Textbooks are boring , dry , and repetitive . Books such as Fahrenheit 451 and others I have purchased open your mind and make you think in different ways.Anyways , I have a few friends who suggested this book to me which lead me to purchasing it . I knew `` book-burning '' was going to play a factor before I even opened it . But , while reading this short novel I have noticed that Fahrenheit 451 plays a much bigger concept . It 's hard to believe that this book was wrote in the 50 's for how prophetic and how much it can relate to our currect society and perhaps the society to come.There is no doubt TV -LRB- Bradbury comparison to the ` Walls ' -RRB- has killed free thinking . I have read numerous works on Media Control , Propaganda , and how TV controls minds . Think about it . What do Americans buy ? The item they see on TV advertised by their favorite ` celebrity ' . Who do young girls wish to be like ? Models on TV , Actresses , others they see in magazines . How can you gain support for a war ? Mass propaganda on TV about WMD 's . How can you get your President elected ? Spend the most money on advertising for the campaign . You can broadcast anything you like , if you have the money , to sway public opinion one way or another and it proves that TV controls Americans.I 'm 21 - I find it hilarious the amount of TV watched by people my age and defintely younger . Some of my friends can sit their whole Saturday and Sundays infront of their HDTV 's watching College Football and the NFL . Kids under my age are absorbed by TV shows on MTV , nothing ever meaningful to expand your mind ; you could make the claim that watching shows such as Jersey Shore may even make you less intelligent , that 's for another time though haha.To close , the book shows great implications where society is heading and how society is today . In the book , Clarisse , explains how people drive fast and how they do n't acknowledge the world around them . I took this in a sense that Americans work , work , work , constantly , to provide for the family / themselves . We are always in a rush . We rarely stop to observe the world around us or take a look at what really is going on and enjoy being on Earth . We are tied to working to survive . Life is too short not to admire the beauty that may be around you ; if you take the time to look , that is .
 Enjoyed it thoroughly - I had never read it - am not usually a sci-fi fan , but it 's truly a classic
 Ray Bradbury 's books are insightful and thought-provoking because he writes fictional short stories and novels about the future , with a common theme on how society uses technology . In particular , Bradbury 's book , Fahrenheit 451 , discusses relevant concerns about applying technology to teaching . In the back of the 50th Anniversary Edition published by Del Rey Books , there is a recent interview with Bradbury where he discusses his concerns about using radio and television in the classroom as a replacement for sound traditional teaching methodologies . When Bradbury wrote the book in the 1950 's , he imagines a society where reading is no longer taught . In his recent book interview , Bradbury expresses that he is still concerned about the quality of education today and believes that there is a current problem in the educational system , with less emphasis placed on quality in comparison to when he attended school back in 1926 . Many readers feel that the book is about censorship but it actually focuses more specifically upon the idea of freedom . Bradbury says in the interview that he does not regard censorship as a problem within the United States and feels that there are many diverse groups who provide voices for various interests ; yet , he considers television , including local news , as a culprit towards ignorance . In Fahrenheit 451 , Bradbury attributes intelligence to free thinking and expresses that books are merely an agent towards learning and not a magical device to create intelligence . In a subtle way , Bradbury points out that wisdom comes from trial-and-error types of experiences and intellectual growth comes from making real-life decisions , albeit not always correct choices , but nonetheless , independent thinking is an important part of the learning process . In a democratic society , both freedom and independent choices are vital for keeping its structure sound.The story goes something like this
 In Ray Bradbury 's science-fiction story Fahrenheit 451 , he tells of a world set in the future when it 's illegal to own books . The main character , Guy Montag , works for the fire department setting fires in homes occupied by literature . Guy Montag , unhappy at home , is surrounded by technology that he feels is unimportant . Guy Montag soon realizes that burning the books would ruin years of writing and history , when he takes home a handful of books he is put in danger . The setting is believable , unknown , and familiar all at the same time . It has a lot of similar issues as today 's world does , but with a futuristic spin on them . Fahrenheit 451 is a fast paced , fascinating read ; I would recommend it to anybody who likes sci-fi thrillers .
 My favorite book . Excellent piece of dystopian literature . Read it !
 I had to read this book for a high school assignment . I personally hate a lot of books , especially if I am forced to read it . But as soon as I read the first chapter I was hooked ! It a riveting tale of freedom , and fighting for what you believe in . It is absolutely a page turner ! If you like books that have a great flow of action , then this book if for you !
 I am a biblophile and so this book really spoke to me . Even though it was written decades ago it still speaks to your modern life . Think about it ; audiobooks , books being made into movies , addicting T.V. shows , and video games . The world of Fahrenheit 451 is right at our doorstep .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book of adventure and finding the truth . Guy Montag was never happy . He was a fire fighter , a person who burns books and had everything he would ever need to be happy . But something is missing and all Montag wants to do is figure it out . Could the books he has been destroying all these years be what have been missing in his life ? Is knowledge the power that Montag needs ? Fahrenheit 451 is a book that will open your eyes and make you realize how much the little things you have in your life mean.Guy Montag is a true hero who battles against himself and the way of the world to find the truth . Montag was a firefighter who started reading the books instead of burning them . His wife never loved him and Beatty is out to get him . But this does n't stop Montag . He kills Beatty with a flame thrower and then proceeds to run from the law until they kill an innocent bystander to make a good television show . Now Montag is just one of the few that must rebuild the world.This book shows just how much we should appreciate the things we have , like books . People committed suicide everyday because they could not take the pain . Something was missing from their lives , and Montag discovers that books are what his life is missing . His wife , Mildred tries to kill herself by overdosing because she ca n't take the hurt . The book teaches you to appreciate the things you have in your life and how much it hurts when they are gone.Fahrenheit 451 is a book that makes you realize where our world may be going . Books and newspapers are being dumbed down so that nobody will be offended or discriminated against . Just like in the book , could the pain from the missing of good literature cause people to be unhappy and eventually commit suicide ? Could we become like the people in the book?Fahrenheit 451 is an eye opening book that makes you appreciate what you have . Montag had no idea what he was missing until he began reading books . This book opens your eyes to the dangers of not having good literature and how the little things in life are never fully appreciated until they are gone . Everyone should read this book at least once in their life . -- V. McGee
 Possessing books is illegal , for which your house may burn . Guy Montag is a man in living in the near future and his occupation is a fireman , whose job it is to burn books . He grows sick of his the society and decides to see what is all about the books he burns . He sees another man in the city who enjoys books as well and they plan to bring them back into society . But after being forced to burn his own house , he commits murder and runs away . He flees to the outskirts of the city where there are retired philosophers and literaturists who help Montag . They watch as an atomic bomb destroy the city , then go and put their book knowledge to use . This book is excellent and very unique and is recommended to all readers.The plot and flow of this story is also interesting . It begins with Montag first meeting Clarisse who strikes him as an odd person . He then comes home to find his wife unconscious and overdosed on sleeping pills . He burns a lady and her house , and begins to read the books he steals from the homes . After seeking help from a retired professor , Montag is forced to burn his own house . There he commits murder , which sends him on the run from the city . Outside the city , he witnesses it being destroyed by an atomic bomb.Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting story because of the unique setting . It is set in the near future in a modern city , but with a much different type of society . Thought they do not realize it , everyone seems to be depressed , compared to real modern society . The setting is also interesting because of the censorship at full extent . With houses being fireproof , firemen 's new job is too set them ablaze . With no books , the true facts a completely unknown to the public , with false facts like Benjamin Franklin began the Firehouse and that houses have always been fireproof.The characters are also interesting . Guy Montag is the lone person he knows who reads books , though he burns them and makes no sense of them . Beatty is an ironic man . Though he is big on burning books and how useless they are , it is obvious he reads them as well because he is a rather cunning intellectual and is able to manipulate almost anybody effortlessly . Another unique person is Clarisse McClellan . She is what one in their society might call an antisocial figure because of her odd habits and strange curiosityThis book is a must read , with such realistic settings and people . It almost seems like a real event , which took place in the past . This book is indeed unique and the best among all the novels.I.Leung -LRB- Vin -RRB-
 Possessing books is illegal , for which your house may burn . Guy Montag is a man in living in the near future and his occupation is a fireman , whose job it is to burn books . He grows sick of his the society and decides to see what is all about the books he burns . He sees another man in the city who enjoys books as well and they plan to bring them back into society . But after being forced to burn his own house , he commits murder and runs away . He flees to the outskirts of the city where there are retired philosophers and literaturists who help Montag . They watch as an atomic bomb destroy the city , then go and put their book knowledge to use . This book is excellent and very unique and is recommended to all readers.The plot and flow of this story is also interesting . It begins with Montag first meeting Clarisse who strikes him as an odd person . He then comes home to find his wife unconscious and overdosed on sleeping pills . He burns a lady and her house , and begins to read the books he steals from the homes . After seeking help from a retired professor , Montag is forced to burn his own house . There he commits murder , which sends him on the run from the city . Outside the city , he witnesses it being destroyed by an atomic bomb.Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting story because of the unique setting . It is set in the near future in a modern city , but with a much different type of society . Thought they do not realize it , everyone seems to be depressed , compared to real modern society . The setting is also interesting because of the censorship at full extent . With houses being fireproof , firemen 's new job is too set them ablaze . With no books , the true facts a completely unknown to the public , with false facts like Benjamin Franklin began the Firehouse and that houses have always been fireproof.The characters are also interesting . Guy Montag is the lone person he knows who reads books , though he burns them and makes no sense of them . Beatty is an ironic man . Though he is big on burning books and how useless they are , it is obvious he reads them as well because he is a rather cunning intellectual and is able to manipulate almost anybody effortlessly . Another unique person is Clarisse McClellan . She is what one in their society might call an antisocial figure because of her odd habits and strange curiosityThis book is a must read , with such realistic settings and people . It almost seems like a real event , which took place in the past . This book is indeed unique and the best among all the novels.I.Leung -LRB- Vin -RRB-
 This great novel is still just as relevant today , if not so more then when first written . With all the issues regarding schooling and censorship and whatnot . And the story is greata must read !!
 Although not as profound as George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' still stands as a prophetic warning against the evils of censorship , and controlling the masses through ignorance.The little lost in profundity by comparison to `` 1984 '' is more than made up in readability . Whereas `` 1984 '' took me two days to complete , I read through `` Fahrenheit 451 '' in an afternoon . Additionally `` 1984 '' ends with an feeling of hopelessness , whereas 451 ends with some degree of optimism for the future.Overall , 451 still stands out as one of a limited number of dystopian stories whose message remains as vital today as when it was published .
 Ages 14 and up . Fahrenheit 451 is a novel that takes you to a strange world were books are bad , and having them will result in a lose off your house . fireman in the future do n't go out and put out fires , they go out and start them , there target , books . Character Montag becomes fond of books , and eventually starts taking book . As he continues his journey he meets many new characters that help him on his way . this book is an exciting look at a diffent fantacy future , it makes you wounder what the future might actually look like some day.This is one of the best novels that you should have for your collection at home .
 Forgetting the title stolen by Michael Moore , Farenheit 451 is an interesting book , one I recommend to read because it is a classic , and also because its predictions are quite insightful . Despite being hailed as a book about censorship , I prefer to stress the aspect Ray Bradbury himself prefers
 This book has it all . Bradbury 's fascinating description , a engrossing plot , a skewed but interesting hero , and a cause any reader can get behind . I know there are probably thousands of reviews of this book , but I just had to say it again . If for some strange reason you have n't read it , read it now . You are missing out !
 In an age of instant `` classics '' , this book has stood the the test of time . Let us remember , this book was written in the 1950 's , not today . So , yes , the story line might seem a little worn , but that 's because it has been repeated , used , and indead , to pardon a pun , worn by humanity for five decades . Like many of Bradbury 's works , this stands as a warning of humanity 's arrogance , dependance upon technology , and lack of learning .
 I 've heard some people say that this book rips off 1984 , that is NOT true . It 's essentially the converse of 1984 . In Orwell 's masterpiece -LRB- I wo n't deny either of these books that title -RRB- the government has absolute power . 1984 has been called `` The end of all Utopias '' because the people ca n't win.In Bradbury 's work , however , the government is not all powerful , and still has those who work against it that it foolishly ignores . Furthermore , the war is not to permanently distract the people , it is a real thing to win or lose . The people are n't closely monitored , they can even have ideas so long as they do n't have books . In the end this is the beggining of a Utopia , in 451 the government ca n't win , they will eventually fall and a new age of learning will rise ... to fall again , and again , and again , but as Bradbury points out unlike the Phoenix we may eventually learn NOT TO JUMP IN THE FREAKIN ' FUNERAL PYRE , OR EVEN TO BUILD IT IN THE FIRST PLACE !!!!
 The author of the book Fahrenheit 451 was focused on teaching appreciation of God-given rights to his readers . Ray Bradbury considered a life without reading , without control of one 's own thoughts , and without knowing history . He also considered a life where parents do n't like the children that they have . Bradbury considered this and thought best to write a book so that people would not take their lives for granted . He considers reading a privilege , while most others would consider it a right , a right that is n't thought of as a right , but just is . Bradbury conveys a horrible story that helps his readers understand what they should value in life .
 When I began reading the book Fahrenheit 451 I did not enjoy it very much . But after I put more time into reading this book I started to like it more and more . One of the reasons I liked the book so much was because of the great detail , but it still leaves room for you to think about what is going on . Ray Bradbury 's vision of the future does not seem to far fetch for me . With how our society is , and the love for television I could see how the banning of books can occur . This has already happened in history before.This story is about a fireman Guy Montag and his life . His job is to burn books and the houses they are in . He is happy with this until his young neighbor Clarisse Mcclellan . She shows him how horrible the society the live in really is and changes his views in several ways . All of the symbolism in this book was so amazing once you understood it . Light and dark , symbolizing good and bad , was used often in Fahrenheit 451 . I also enjoy how rolls reverse in this book , like in our society and in the future society . In the book the fireman are completely the opposite of what ours are today , also in the future society you can not drive under the speed minimum or you get a ticket . This shows how the government does n't want people to take there time because they could have time to think about new and interesting thins . One thing I did n't like about the book was that throughout it the author goes into less detail about how the society in which they live in is ran and more detail on how he goes about living in it . But I think the author did this to get focus on the problem at hand . I enjoyed how the author makes you find the under lying meaning in the book and that is a good aspect in my opinion . I also like how the book can be compared to Hitler and what he was doing when he was in control of the German government . The way the society does not like having freethinkers and having open minds is almost exactly like what Hitler was trying to do to the people of Germany . I think it is great how it shows how far ahead of his time the author was . I think his interpretation of the future could be accurate.My overall opinion of the book is it is a good read . It can become boring at times but it can also be extremely exciting at points too . I would recommend this book to anyone that likes the thought of futuristic societies and what can happen to the world after we leave . I think it is a very well written book but does n't define some of its characters as well as it should . But that is n't a reason to not read the book . I think anyone could enjoy reading this book . It makes you think and has so many metaphors and similes that at some points are too much . But it is a great book .
 My initial thought of the book , after reading the back cover , was this is going to be very corny . After putting much time into reading the story , I was surprised when it turned out to be one of the best books I have ever read.One of the key ingredients for my much love for the book was the sufficient detail , but still leaving room for you to interpret it in your own way . The glimpse of the future does not seem so far fetched . With the new interest in television over a book , and the `` un-colorblind '' society , book burning would seem like a good answer.I enjoyed the book , it was a fun read , and portrayed what may happen later in our time . The story is about Guy Montags life as a `` fireman '' , one who destroys books by burning them . He is challenged by a younger girl , his neighbor , and notices the horror of his times . One thing I did notice with the story , however , was some parts in the book were very well described , and others I wish had more explanation . For example , more details on how the society is run , and set up would have been nice . I think the author may of done this to keep the focus on the point of the story , but I felt I was missing things when `` painting my picture '' . During my period of reading the book , I could n't help but compare the story to that of incidents of book burnings during the Second World War . The government in Fahrenheit 451can be compared to Hitler , and his drive too uneducated the people of his generation , and erase all evidence of their past.This book requires you to read between the lines , to get the under lying meaning , which is a great aspect in my opinion . It stupefies me on how a writer so long ago , could accurately portray what exactly is happening in our society , for this reason I alone I read the book cover to cover , and made special note of other areas of prediction . I read other reviews before reading the story myself ; I noticed that many of the reviewers felt there were too many metaphors . I do n't think this should be a reason not to read this book.I enjoyed this book very much , and would recommend it to any one that asked . It is a must read classic . Bradbury 's interpretation of the future is none but awe inspiring .
 this book is so great it makes me want to read more , it inspired me to read because its about about not being able to read books and fighting for the right to do so
 I liked the book Fahrenheit 451 . This book takes place in a futuristic American city . In the book , the main character , Guy Montag , works for a fire station . But instead of putting out fires , they start them . The book is about this group of firemen who find people that own books , go to their house , and burn them . Guys wife , Mildred , is a completely opposite character . She is a woman with absolutly no life at all , she prefers to watch tv in their parlor room all day , and listen to the radio in her `` seeshell radio '' , that is attached to her ear . Mildred seems to be a completely empty person , and doesnt even realize it when she tries to commit suicide . Beatty , Montags fire chief , is the leader of this group that burn books . As he notices that Guy is starting to realize what books have to offer , Beatty gets more and more curious as to what Guy is really doing on his days off . These two turn out to be enemies towards the end of the book , because of Guys new love of books . In the beginning of the book , Guy meets a seventeen year old girl , named Clarise . Clarise is a different kind of girl for her age in this society . She is more in touch with herself and nature and the people around her . Everyone in this society is completely opposite of that , and consider Clarise an outsider . A few days after Guy meets Clarise , she is killed by a speeding car . When Guys love for books exceeds his passion to burn them , Guy sees an old english professor for help . When Beatty finds out what Guy is up to , he sends the fire department to Guys house . Beatty forces Guy to burn his own house down because of having the books , then places Guy under arrest . Guy takes the flamethrower and burns Beatty to ashes , and knocks out the rest of the members of the fire department . His last obsticle is the Mechanical Hound , which is a machine set to find people that have escaped from the police and fire department . Before Beatty was killed , he had set the hound to find Guy . After Guy is done with the fire department , the Hound finds Guy . The Hound leaps at Guy and injects anesthetic into Guys leg , to get him to stop running . Guy manages to burn the hound and get away . Guy meets a group of people like himself , runaways from the city who enjoy books . The point of this book I think is a possibility of what computers might do to civilization . With the ever expanding computer technololgy we have , books are starting to phase themselves out . They portrayed this in the book by saying that books were written to offend people and had to be rid of . This was a good yet different interpretation of what the future of our society can become .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a great book about the world in the future . This book really made me think about how the world would really be . Will there ever be a time when books will not be allowed ? Will there ever be a time when people do not care for other people , or for the small things in life ? This is a great book to read and it really makes you think.Fahrenheit 451 is about a time when books are banned from the world . Anyone with books will get their house burned down by the fire department . The cars are really fast and everyone cares only about themselves . Montag , the main character in the book , is on the fire department . He likes to burn books , until he reads a few . Then he starts to like the books and decides he wants to bring books back into the world . Will he succeed?Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent book to read . It also has a good story line and a moral that is outstanding .
 Farhenheit 451 catches the reader from the start . The brillant start to book about burning and changing not only sets up the book 's major themes , it also foreshadows Montag 's transformation . Then the book offers an exciting plot with a backdrop of an intriguing false utopia . Suddenly the book ends - thirty pages before it actually ends . Bradbury seems to put the last events on cruise control . The contrived ending sort of gives the book a bad after taste.However , this book is fantastic even with the flawed ending . The dialogs surrounding books and the concepts they contain often make the reader pause and reflect . The fact that sitting and reading can be deemed revolutionary is something every reader dreams of . If only once , this book is worth the read .
 Fahrenheit 451 was book about a fireman whose job is to start fires . Montag had been a fireman for ten years . Montag met a seventeen-year-old girl named Clarisse McClarisse in the neighborhood . He goes to other people 's houses and burns their books . He has about 20 books in his house . Captain Betty told him about the fireman days that they are not to read books . He met professor who is English teacher . Montag wants to make copies of the book to put them in other people 's houses so they can get in trouble . The professor told him that he could think in the future . Montag had some books in the garden . There is a huge war going on . The main character is Montag that tells the story . The problem Montag faces is taking books that he was not to read . Montag had some adventure . He went to professor Faber answers and help . My favorite character was Montag because he was brave and wants to know about the future . I can not relate him . I have not done the thing he did.I like the book because it told a lot about the future and long time ago . My favorite part was the end of the book . The beginning of the book was a little boring . I would change the beginning of the story instead of the seventeen old dying I would make her help Montag throughout the struggle.I would recommend this book a person my age that likes science fiction . Maybe a teacher who is a science teacher would enjoy this story .
 this is one of the best books i have ever read !! it really gets you thinking and it sends a deep message to all of us . it 's amazing how he had all these great ideas about the future when he lived back in the past !!
 Fahrenheit 451 was book about a fireman whose job is to start fires . Montag had been a fireman for ten years . Montag met a seventeen-year-old girl named Clarisse McClarisse in the neighborhood . He goes to other people 's houses and burns their books . He has about 20 books in his house . Captain Betty told him about the fireman days that they are not to read books . He met professor who is English teacher . Montag wants to make copies of the book to put them in other people 's houses so they can get in trouble . The professor told him that he could think in the future . Montag had some books in the garden . There is a huge war going on . The main character is Montag that tells the story . The problem Montag faces is taking books that he was not to read . Montag had some adventure . He went to professor Faber answers and help . My favorite character was Montag because he was brave and wants to know about the future . I can not relate him . I have not done the thing he did.I like the book because it told a lot about the future and long time ago . My favorite part was the end of the book . The beginning of the book was a little boring . I would change the beginning of the story instead of the seventeen old dying I would make her help Montag throughout the struggle.I would recommend this book a person my age that likes science fiction . Maybe a teacher who is a science teacher would enjoy this story .
 If you like science fiction books Farenheit 451 is a must have , at most points it is a page turner . I rated this book 4 stars because it is a great book that really gets the reader involved.To describe the book , I would say think of todays world and completly flip it around ! This book is a twisted version of life as we know it . It is set in the future where firemen no longer are called to put fires out , but , to start them . There hoses dont spray water , but , they spray kerosene . Now that all houses and buildings are fire proof regular firemen are no longer needed . Instead they are called apon when some one has broken the law and has posetion of a book . Then these people are called apon to burn them and punish the owners . A typical room in a house in this time setting would be walls lined with T.V. 's and at the fire stations they have robotic dogs that kill people . Guy Montag was a firemen who played by the rules and never questioned why he did what he di until one night he met a young girl named Clarisse and she told him about a world in the past where people uses to read books and firemen uses to put out fires instead of starting them . After hearing this Guy Montag stars rebelling and he starts questioning the theory behind his job and he starts taking some of the books.I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for an exciting book that will push your mind to the limit . It is almost as if the science fiction book takes all known reason and throws it out the window !
 Guy Montag is the main character of the novel . He is a fireman and his job was to burn books . Books , you see , were illegal because they upset people . All books were illegal because all people had to be made happy . This is a future where the TV is as big as the walls in the TV parlor , pills make you happy and Mechanical Hounds hunt down people on national TV . A future where houses do n't have a porch , where trains ' PA system broadcast radio adds all the time and social people are thought weird.But what happens when Guy starts to question it all ? What happens when he starts to wonder what is in the books that makes them so bad ? What happens when Guy gets away from all the noise and starts to THINK for himself ?
 Firemen setting fires because books represent ideas which do n't contribute to peace and harmony . Or because they conflict with what the powers that be require you to believe . That was the way Bradbury envisioned the future in Fahrenheit 451 . Orwells ' 1984 is of the same genre as is Huxley 's Brave New World and Leven 's This Perfect Day . An excellent read by one of Sci Fi 's best and not far from the reality some people have lived and still do today .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradubury is definately the book to read . This novel takes place in a world that is vividly described by Bradbury . I rate Fahrenheit 451 five stars because of the adventure and curiosity . With events happening at every page , Bradbury keeps the readers on their toes ! With the main character being Guy Montag , a fireman , whose job was n't to stop fires , but to start them . He liked his job until he met a seventeen year old girl that tells him about the past , and a retired English professor telling him about the future . In this wondrous world where books were depressing and illegal , Montag finally knew what he was supposed to do a long time ago . This novel has events running by , rapidly , happening one after another , this novel is full of fun and excitement ! This book always makes you want to read more , from the time you pick up the book and until you put it back down , you will never want to put it back down . Ray Bradbury leaves readers with suspense and tension at the end of each time you pick up the book , this is definitely , without a doubt , the best book to read .
 Like all great books that cause a stir , either because of their `` ideas '' or the fact that they 're so shocking -LRB- think Rand 's `` Atlas Shrugged , '' McCrae 's `` Bark of the Dogwood , '' or `` A Clockwork Orange '' -RRB- `` Fahrenheit 451 '' took its place long ago among the classics . But the scary thing about this book is , despite the fact that we were warned of this type of thing , situations like the one in 451 are still happening ! This book is even more relevant today than it was years ago when it appeared as `` fiction . '' How sad that we have n't learned our lessons . F 451 is beyond the definition of a classic and beyond food for thought . It 's a wake-up call that should not be ignored .
 Fahrenheit 451 is the temperature at which book paper catches fire , and starts to burn ... Why on earth would you want to know that ? . Because that is extremely important in this book , due to the fact that its main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman . However , he is not a fireman in the way we now understand that word
 I like books that teach me things . Fahrenheit 451 is similar to other books like 1984 and Brave New World , where humanity is just a shell of what it used to be . However , 451 presents a problem much more slippery and troubling than 1984 in my mind . How do you help someone who does n't want to be helped?Bradbury 's prose takes a little getting used to , but his message needs to be understood . It 's a message that grows more important everyday , with classics being exchanged for cliff notes and books being banned because they offend someone -LRB- huck finn , uncle tom 's cabin , catcher in the rye -RRB- . This is the first step to Bradbury 's nightmare , culminating in the thought ` Everyone must be equal - not like the Constitution states - but * made * equal ' . Editorializing a bit here , 451 represents to me the ultimate victory of things like MTV , reality television and political correctness . Humanity is reduced to one plastic mold - through laziness or censorship - and everyone is loving it . These characters do n't realize how empty their lives are ; instead of working out problems everyone retreats into their own world . Instead of attempting to answer humanity 's most profound question , the world of 451 pretends they do n't exist.One last thing
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is one of the most important and influential books of all time . In 1950 , when it was written he did n't know he was going to predict today 's society . Guy Montag , the protagonist , loved his work . There seemed to be nothing that he liked better than to spray kerosene on a pile of books and watch the pages curl and turn into ash . Until , one day he meets Clarisse , a 17-year-old girl who has been educated about the world . At one point in one of their conversation she asks if he is happy . Montag realizes that people should have the right to read books . He finds that books mean a lot to people when a woman chooses to burn herself with her books . Guy comes up with a plan to get revenge on other firemen in an effort to stop book banning.Montag 's boss , Beatty tries to reason with Montag about the banishment of books saying `` Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs . Do n't give them slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with . That way lies melancholy -LRB- 61 -RRB- . '' The people of Montag 's society live under such a principle , even though at some times they may not know it.The turning point in the novel is when his wife , Mildred discovers what he is doing . She becomes scared . Eventually , she turns him in , and he is forced to burn his collection of books . This is the climax of the book because the reader is unsure what lies ahead . The adrenaline of the reader is at its highest , and ones mind is trying to think of all the possible outcomes.The censorship that is in Bradbury 's novel comes from an inferior dictatorship . It is a culture that does not want its citizens to be lured into the meanings of books . Today , our culture is bombarded with advertisements . Everyday it seems as though we have less time to ourselves . Today we are not burning books and bookstores are popular , but we still seem to ban books for one reason or another . Fifty years later the book still remains relevant to our society.Fahrenheit 451 is a brilliant novel . In my opinion , it is as meaningful perhaps even more so than it was when it was written in 1950 . The novel shows what censorship can do to a society , and the importance of free speech . People must learn to accept different views , whether they agree totally or not . We must always be open to new opportunities that arise and never except the norm . Everyone should read Fahrenheit 451 , take what they learn from it and apply it to their everyday lives . Overall , I think that the novel has a good message and I am glad that I spent my time reading it .
 I read Fahrenheit 451 years ago in highschool , and just reread it last month . It was the feature book in our town 's One Book , One City program . What I found was that F451 does n't lose it 's impact all these years later . The ideas of censorship , of book burning , of reading in general come sharply into focus as the reader experiences Montag 's journey .
 I 've read this book a couple of times and the truths of this book never cease to amaze me . Very similar to Orwell 's 1984 , this is the visionary look of what happens when government has too much power to control our lives and censure our media . In this story , books are the source of evil because they encourage free thinking and contain ideas that discourage the ideals of this government 's philosophies . To control what people think , books are banned and burned by firemen . Firemen , as far as people believe -LRB- because books do n't exist that disprove this -RRB- , have always been around , burning books to protect the public from the evils they portray . This is the story of Guy Montag , who is a fireman.Guy Montag lives the life of any dedicated fireman . He does his job , pretends to be happy , and spends much of his income on TV walls so his wife can have more people in her `` family '' in which to converse with -LRB- and be controlled by -RRB- . His life changes when he meets his seventeen year-old , free-thinking neighbor , Clarisse . Guy 's eyes are open to a new world as he finds a new love for thinking for himself and discovering the wonders of books.This book has really appealed to me of late because of my own new-found love in books . If you do n't appreciate having libraries in every town and an endless supply of books in which to enrich your imagination then you need to read this book so you can imagine what life would be like if books were banned along with your ability to think for yourself . Consider this a MUST READ .
 A time honored classic , once a scary prophetic vision , and quite possibly , now a reality . Ray Bradbury 's futuristic thriller , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' reads as both analogy and warning , and a dire one at that.This book has been on my `` let 's read it in the near future '' list for some time . But it was n't until the city of Portland , Oregon selected this book for their `` Everyone Reads '' campaign that I found the incentive to read it.This story spins a tale in the near future where reading is considered outlaw , that books are contraband , and any attempt of thinking outside the box is handled by extinguishing the threat . Guy Montag is a fireman , but not in the common sense ; he starts fires instead of putting them out . He 's `` married '' to Mildred , in a passionless marriage of convenience ; Mildred who prefers to spend time in front of the television and listening to the radio in her life of hopelessness . Early on , he meets the fair Clarisse who boldly suggests to him that life is much more than starting fires . It is the tipping point of his decline , as his life begins to rush closer and closer to the incinerator itself.What impressed me about this book is that it was written in the early 1950 's , and yet it reads as well as a modern novel . Bradbury would refute any attempts of suggesting he was forecasting the future , but so much of what he saw the future becoming has transpired . How many hours do our children spend in front of the television ? And in these times , when our libraries are being threatened to track patron 's records or monitor internet use , how far away are we from Bradbury 's 451 ? It 's both chilling and reflecting . As a dour warning for what might happen , we can take heed to this warning to ensure that we celebrate divergent thought and reading as a gift for our citizens and not something to fear . Whereas people would refute the claim that we would never burn books in America , why is it that this book so often has actually been banned from some libraries and schools across this country?We need to listen , and learn , lest we suffer the fate of Montag and start to live in a country and world so brilliantly premonitioned in `` Fahrenheit 451 '' .
 ` Fahrenheit 451 ' is a powerful story that imagines a future world where literature is burned and readers are imprisoned . Bradbury creates a whole dumbed-down society of people who are robbed of creative and independent thought , and where this deficit is enforced by law.I felt that the major shortcoming of the book was that the entire book smacks of ' 1984 , ' but it is not nearly as powerful as Orwell 's story . ` Fahrenheit 451 ' focuses much more intently on the relatively narrower issue of censorship in our society , whereas ' 1984 ' looks at the complete robbery of free will . I thought all of the characters were a rip-off , from the young girl to the protagonist to the mean authority figure who tries to `` help '' the protagonist and turns on him in the end.This is a good book , and I like the metaphor , I just felt like the same idea was espoused in a much more gripping fashion in ' 1984 . '
 This book arrived extremely quickly & was just as it was described . Fair price & excellent service . Would buy again .
 I bought Ray Bradbury 's , Fahrenheit 451 and I was very happy with how quickly I recieved it and the wonderful condition it was in . I am so glad that I bought my book on amazon , and from the seller that I bought it from . Thank you !!
 The book arrived very quickly and was in great condition . Not a whole lot to say about a book but happy with everything !
 Fahrenheit 451 is a short and simple book that deals with some incredibly complex issues . Most people mistakenly believe that Bradbury wrote Fahrenheit about censorship . Although that shoe does fit this story , Bradbury actually wrote this book to highlight the possible consequences that our society may have to face if the trend of television and similar forms of entertainment began to overtake more imaginative forms of entertainment such as books . This theme seems even more relevent today than it would have when it was written in 1953 . The fictional world of the future that Bradbury created is a depressing and generic place where people have forgotten how to think for themselves and are completely unable to form true bonds of family and friendship . The books that are burned by the firemen are against the law but the story points out very obviously that these laws began as a result of the citizens ' own actions . Books were burned if any one group found them offensive so that everyone would be happy . Eventually , all books were considered offensive to someone and the government stepped in to take care of the problem of books once and for all . Unfortunately , this did nothing to REALLY fix the problem . It merely dumbed down society until people were unable to realize their true feelings . Suicide and murder is a normal and acceptable occurance . Everything is impersonal and generic as protagonist Guy Montag goes from `` content '' fireman to book-loving fugitive in the matter of a couple hundred pages.As a book lover , I thoroughly enjoyed this book . Bradbury writes in a natural voice and it is extremely obvious that he himself if a great lover of books . It is a refreshing read while still disturbing the reader with it 's eerie depictions of where we could be headed as a society .
 I had to read this novel for a literature class in high school and while I thought it very good , I did n't feel it was as powerful as other similar dystopian novels like 1984 . Well , I still do n't feel it is quite as good as 1984 -LRB- which I think is maybe the greatest SF novel written -RRB- but I have revised my opinion on Fahrenheit 451 . It is exceptional . It is somewhat eerie to read about Montag and his wife Millie and realize they could represent in many ways the society we are now becoming , one further and further detached from people and things and , of course , books , and even memories . With all our innovations and technological discoveries , we seem to be lagging behind in literacy and when I read 451 this time , I could not help but identify the metaphor book burning took on for me , where we are slowly being almost totally reliant on computers for everything , including entertainment for hours on end and reading seems an almost quaint and charming relic of the past .
 Truth be told , I read this book in my high school days and probably did n't appreciate it as much as I could have . I remember thinking it was an above average read , but I did n't have a strong appreciation for the novel 's depth . Bradbury 's message did n't strike me until I recently picked up the book again years later . Reading this novel again , I was wowed and amazed about the events I had missed with my first reading . The underlying message about the dangers of losing one 's self amid conformity came ringing forth , and the idea of fire burning as a metaphor for burning away existence stuck with me . Bradbury 's work became a profound experience for me.Set in a dystopic world , Montag works as a firefighter whose job it is to burn books , as they are held as dangerous materials . When Montag meets his neighbor , Clarisse McClellan , she wakes him up to the world he exists in by asking him a simple question
 In the middle of the last century , a number of authors wrote novels describing the de-evolution of out Western culture : - Brave New World , by Aldous Huxley-A Clockwork Orange & - The Wanting Seed , by Anthony Burgess-1984 , by George Orwell ... And Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury!Set in a `` near-future '' which has somewhat already materialzed in our own time , the Fire Department has long ceased to be an emergency service . They have become a secret-police force , whose primary purpose is to incinerate `` illegal printed material '' . Why ? Long before Thomas Paine distributed `` Common Sense '' and `` The Rights of Man '' , or Martin Luther nailed his Theses to the cathedral door , the printed word has proved most unsettling to all thug-ocracies . Montag , a disillusioned fireman , who just ca n't stop thinking for himself , soon finds himself under suspicion for his own secret literary curiosity.The future described by Bradbury , is a time and place defined by LOUD , ALL PERVASIVE , BOMBASTIC commercialization , and a truly vapid , soulless , and superficial popular culture . Does that sound familiar?Printed material has been banned , -LRB- and burned -RRB- because it `` disturbs '' peoples minds.Montag , a sensistive and introspective sort , finds himself profoundly alienated in this society , failing to find authenticity even from his own wife . He can not help but question the role he plays as a fireman , and finds that he must find out for himself as to why the books he burns are so `` dangerous '' . Look at the contemporary `` popular culture '' . Observe all the conforming artificial fools about you.See the overt lack of free-thinking on any given college-campus , -LRB- institutions that once exemplified the concept -RRB- . The loud , obnoxious , all-pervasive and overly-commercialized popular `` culture '' is ALREADY HERE . With so many empty-heads so easily distracted , the next step can very well be the willful incineration of all that `` disturbing '' literature out there.Be assured it did n't just `` happen this way '' . Someone wants you to conform . Someone wants you to STOP THINKING.There may not be a `` fire-brigade '' acting as the tool of an oppressive police-state , or even public book-burning events . Maybe books will become `` passe '' , because we have `` computers '' , and `` electronic media '' . However the printed word becomes `` obsolete '' -LRB- and there are people working very hard to bring this about -RRB- , be assured that your very civilization is circling the drain . Be assured that someone want you to stop thinking . `` Books are humanity in print '' `` Books are the carriers of civilization . Without books , history is silent , literature dumb , science crippled , thought and speculation at a standstill . '' - Barbara Tuchman
 Back in the year 1941 , Mr. Bradbury started writing the story `` The Fire Man ''
 This is one of those books I 've read and reread throughout my life , and it has proven itself as a true work of genius in that it had something new to say to me at each stage of my life . In my youth , I was led to believe that `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was a novel about censorship - after all , the main characters are `` firemen '' who burn books . But with maturity , and a wider view of the world , I began to see the more potent message inside the book.In this supposedly futuristic world , society at large has been dumbed down gradually . Books have been reduced and summarized until readers can only stand brevity , then they are eliminated altogether . Special interests of all sorts have demanded censorship or destruction of anything deemed offensive . Advertising and marketing are everywhere . Mindless interactive entertainment consumes all available leisure time . Life is lived in a drugged stupor with a soundtrack delivered in a steady stream through earbuds . The threat of annihilation looms large , while most of the population carries on lives not worth living . Personal relationships are now so superficial that people regard television characters as their `` family '' . Voices of dissent , when they appear , are silenced quickly.There 's very little I can say about a classic novel that has n't been said before . We may never see widespread elimination of books as Bradbury imagined , but it ca n't be denied that the views and attitudes that brought on the firemen are certainly part of our world.If you have n't read `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , read it now . If you 've read it before , read it again . Then come join the rest of us tramps by the railroad track , and be the book .
 I was forced to read Fahrenheit 451 as a high school sophomore and hated it . I thought it was boring and completely implausible and I wanted to burn it as soon as the unit was over -LRB- I did n't -RRB- . Fast forward 10 years . For some reason I decided that I should go back and re-read all of the books I was forced to read in high school English classes . And maybe it was because I chose to read it instead of being forced to , or maybe it had more to do with age and a knowledge of the world that I did n't have back then , but I found myself completely entranced with this book.The storyline is believable , especially in the context of real world attempts to ban books for various reasons over the years . The characters are three dimensional and sympathetic . The pacing is perfect . The book is so gripping that before you know it you 'll realize that you 've read the entire novel in one sitting.Fahrenheit 451 is still technically classified as science fiction , a label that can be a turn off to those who think of Star Trek or Stargate when they see it . I personally would categorize it as a classic suspense novel , or as literature , rather than calling it sci-fi . If you read the book when you were very young , whether you liked it or did n't , I highly recommend re-reading it as an adult . You will learn as much about yourself and how your perspective has changed over the years as you will about the possible future that Bradbury presents.And if you 've never read it at all , read it now . This is one of those books that should be a part of everyone 's library .
 There is a reason that Fahrenheit 451 is considered a classic . . it is one of those books that we can identify with during any era we have lived in , and our current era is no different . Less and less people are reading `` real '' books and more and more people reading and giving credence to trash magazines and internet blogs.I always felt that F451 and 1984 were set if not in the same universe , then maybe universes right next door to each other for they tell similar yet both separately important stories . This book is a cautionary read on society gone wrong , and is one I consider a must read for any reader .
 Deep inside each of us is a Montag , a burner of books , a fireman who destroys rather than saves . And this is what makes Fahrenheit 451 the masterpiece that it is
 We all hold some novels so close to our hearts that we can not view them dispassionately . For me , one such treasure is Fahrenheit 451 . This is the novel that first awakened me to the possibility that science fiction could be about more than just action heroes , quick thrills and mindless drivel
 I enjoyed the book through-and through . I have n't read since high school and found the second time refreshing . Montag , the questionable fireman , discovers truth in the cave of reality while wife , Mildred , stares at walls of fiction . Beatty , the fireman , villified a brainless modern world with hopeless , while Clarisse fantasized about the future of tommorrow . Each character 's desperate nature compelled me to read further . One taught who should n't , one inspired who knew better , one conspired who should have loved , one deceived who kinked the hose of knowedge , and one questioned everything who never did before.Bradbury 's novel is one many can relate to in the modern world . His dystopian is filled with brillant biblical and philosophical allusions . His words are more poetry than prose . Like many of his novels he questions the heart and mind of the future in a world of new conveniences and conflicts.Bradbury 's flaws are few . But like many books in the bible , with prophetic damnation there is also a promise . There is a glimpse of a new hope , but there is no second to this lonely motion . I would like him to push the plot onward . The baptism of Montag is just the end of an old life , but it 's also the beginning of a new one.As I read Ray Bradbury 's art work , I see a need for free thinkers , individuals who challenge daily . Many of the writers decorated in the text show this will to propell the individual past the barriers of social appropriateness . This is something I have always admired about his writing and will continue to .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a futuristic parable that warns of the bleakness of a society in which political correctness has gone awry . The firemen in the story burn books -LRB- and the houses in which they are found -RRB- in an effort to save mankind from being offended by their contents . There are a couple of gripping passages in the middle of the story , amidst intense action sequences , in which the firemen 's philosophy is expounded , and a history is given to explain the madness . In the words of the fire marshal -LRB- Beatty -RRB- , `` Colored people do n't like Little Black Sambo . Burn it . White people do n't feel good about Uncle Tom 's Cabin . Burn it . Someone 's written a book on tobacco and cancer of the lungs ? The cigarette people are weeping ? Burn the book . '' And so on.The main character -LRB- and fireman -RRB- Montag evolves from someone who merely observes with a curious detachment the odd book-loving maverick around him , to an active participant in a quest to salvage what little is left by way of the written word . He is inspired by a little girl and an old man , both unconventional thinkers , and along the way , Montag 's disdain grows for his conformist wife . -LSB- Curiously , and most prophetically , Montag 's wife 's love of interactive television -LRB- or its futuristic analog -RRB- ends up stripping her of any individuality or character , and causes Montag to tire of her more quickly . -RSB- A great read , all in all , with credible characters , creative and thought-provoking settings and devices -LRB- including a mechanical `` hound '' working for the fire department that tracks prey according to its hormonal makeup -LRB- or `` odor index '' -RRB- , and dispatches it with a poison syringe -RRB- , and a caustic tone that spares no one -LRB- the media , the government , religion , etc. -RRB- . The story is totally conceivable , too -LRB- even today , despite its completion in 1953 -RRB- , which serves to scare the reader more than the most fantastic piece of fiction ever could . My edition had a riveting Afterward by Bradbury as well , circa 1979 , in which the author inveighed against censorship and those who see fit to censor . In the author 's own words , `` There is more than one way to burn a book . ''
 Imagine a place where fire alarms alert firemen of where books are being held , and the firemen start fires that destroy those books along with the house and sometimes the people living inside of it . It is a time of censorship against all books . Guy Montag is one of the firemen , but a few people have helped him realize that what he is doing is wrong . But with this knowledge comes the betrayal of his wife and co-workers . Guy must escape the world in which reading is illegal.This book offers a fascinating glimpse at what the world , or at least the country , may become if books continue to be censored . Bradbury keeps the reader interested by citing books that many of us have read , including the Bible . And his topic of censorship still rings true , possibly more so than when it was written , due to the growing list of books censored from libraries and school curriculums . I recommend this book to anyone who recognizes the power of books and what society would be without them , but also to those who do n't realize the power . Overall a wonderful book , written in a way that spans lifetimes .
 As much a clich&eacute; as it is to say , I think this book is even more relevant today then when originally written . I think Montag 's wife 's obsession with the `` real people '' she watches is such an uncanny parallel to the reality based shows that are so popular now that it 's almost creepy . The fact that it was written so long ago only adds to the impact . There is also the similarity of the viewing walls and the 56 inch high definition T.V.s of today . It 's a little like a horoscope though , the reader can read more into it then is there . Ray Bradbury 's past future is dreary and bleak and no one cares for anyone else . I tend to be more of an optimist , I think there are still enough people in the world that care to prevent the kind of events that happen in this book to occur any time in the near future.I do n't believe the main focus of this book -LRB- as most people think -RRB- is censorship at all but rather a love letter to books and the joy of reading . Mr Bradbury writes about the joys of reading as though he were describing a flesh and blood lover . He clearly despises censorship and complacency but he gives more of his passion to the love of the written word . I think the `` not happy , but hopeful '' ending shows his faith in man.This is literally a classic piece of fiction and it 's impressive how much Ray Bradbury says in such a short novel . It 's easy to read on several different levels . There 's almost no excuse not to read this book .
 Guy Montag is a fireman who 's job requires him to efficiently burn books when a call enters the station . In the future , the government , in control of millions of people , decides to make reading books against the law , fearing that a literate society would destroy itself.Guy , through the vision of a young girl and an old English professor , discovers his own wonderment of his surroundings , triggered through great ideas found in books . Discovering this universal wonderment lies at the foundation of the author 's main theme , highlighted brilliantly through his distorted and domineering society.With this futuristic society and a distortion of trends found in today 's culture , Bradbury captures his reader 's attention and makes them open their eyes , hearts , and mind to the true importance of independent intellectual enhancement through reading .
 This is a profound book indeed , and I do n't know how I can hope to do it justice . I think in many ways , Ray Bradbury is after us to think about happiness , and when we are better off being unhappy . This comes up several times -- the twisted , tragically fallen Fire Captain Beatty calls his firemen `` The Happiness Boys '' because they make melancholy and thoughtfulness more difficult , by burning literature . Later , when the hero -- Montag , the book-burning fireman who begins to question his job -- confronts his wife 's friends , he tries as hard as possible to make them UNhappy about their boring lives , in the hope that it will wake them up to the world around them ... The very first sentence of the book states `` It was a pleasure to burn '' , referring to Montag before he begins to wake up , and become an unhappy , sympathetic human being ... Bradbury is getting at some important things here , such as how we can be most peaceful inside when we are questioning , when we are not happy . Older readers might want to think about reading John Milton 's `` L'Allegro '' and `` Il Penseroso '' to flesh out their own personal response to this book . I think younger readers , who could be reading this for school , might be interested in renting the movie `` Logan 's Run '' . Both stories are about future societies , where order and happiness are maintained by weeding out anyone who seems capable of independent thought . In this story , that means burning all books . In `` Logan 's Run '' , it means simply killing anyone who starts to get too old , who might start to have a little perspective . In both stories , the main character is a member of the elite , with a personal , professional stake in maintaining order , who suddenly begins to question the whole system , and ends up siding with his `` enemies '' , the thoughtful people . At any rate , this is really quite a tremendous book , and I hope a lot of people read it .
 I read this story in 7th grade , and since then I have never been able to forget the amazing tale of Guy Montag and his job as a fireman . I will never forget the magic of Clarisse , who to this date is my favorite book character of all time . I loved this book immediately when I started reading it and I never put it down until I was finished.Guy Montag is a fireman . But it 's not the kind of fireman that you and I know today . These firemen burn things . Books to be specific . It is said that books are not needed for the future , and are officially illegal . So when it is found out that people are in possession of books , the firemen come to the house or whatever hiding place , and burn the books , and sometimes also burn the house . Guy Montag meets a girl named Clarisse one night as he 's walking home , and with that one conversation , his life makes a complete turn in his life , soon sheltering books in his own home.The story of Fahrenheit 451 is nothing but amazing . This book is unlike anything I have ever read , and to this date , is one of my favorite books of all time . Some people say that this book is `` dumb '' and `` wish it would burn '' but these people do n't understand the mentality of the book . You need to read into it and understand it fully before you go bashing it.The book Fahrenheit 451 even reflects some of our ignorance today , seeing as most of my friends hate reading . If only more people could get into this book . I would recommend Fahrenheit 451 to anyone I knew , even those friends who do n't like reading .
 451 degrees Fahrenheit is the temperature at which book paper catches fire and burns . If you have not read this book , now a cult classic , you would n't know that fact . Nor would you know that in Ray Bradbury 's world of the future people do n't say anything because they do n't know anything . And they do n't know anything because they do n't have books . At first books were leveled down to a sort of pastepudding norm by cuts that made them shorter , producing condensations and digests . Classics were cut to fill a two-column single page , winding up at last as a ten-line summary . Then books were outlawed . Discipline relaxes . History becomes neglected . English is dropped . Life becomes immediate . Why learn anything save pressing buttons , pulling switches , fitting nuts and bolts ? The amazing thing is that Bradbury predicted that censorship would start with the minorities objecting to the way they were depicted . Blacks , Baptists , Dog Lovers etc. waanted strict enforcement of anti-book laws and the burning of all books followed . Someone has written a book on tobacco and lung cancer ? The cigarette people are weeping ? Burn the book . The smokers are distressed ? Burn the book . A book , any book creates problems . You do n't have to face those problems . Just burn the book . The point is obvious . The world is full of people running about with lit matches . Every minority feels it has the will , the right , the duty , to douse the kerosene , like Montag , the protagonist of this novel , and light the fuse . But you know there are more ways than burning to destroy a book . Every dimwit editor could slenderize , starve , bluepencil , leech , and bleed white any book and make any author sound like Edgar Guest . Frightening in its implications , 451 , this insane world , which bears many alarming reseemblances to our own , is required reading for all lovers of books . Incidentally , the proof that Bradbury 's esthetic vision was not far off the mark was that he discovered , years after 451 was published , that cubby-hole editors at Ballantine , fearful of contaminating the young , had , bit by bit , censored some 75 separate sections from the novel . Alert students reading those editions told the author about this exquisite irony . The original story is now available thanks to Judy Lynn Del Rey .
 I really enjoyed this book . I have read it twice now , and everytime I read it , I enjoy it more and more . This book was about one person and the changes he went through . Guy Montag was a firemen , who burned books for a living . Then he is enlightened to read a book , and is helped by Professor Faber . At the end , Montag is a rebel . He runs away and becomes I leader of other rebels to bring reading to the world they left . This book show how the technology is taking over and not even using books for education . I think it is a book that everyone should read .
 It 's the temperature at which paper burns said the first page of the book and I knew it having read it earlier , and yet I chose this book to be re-read . It has only instilled my faith further in the power of words and what can they do . Writers such as Bradbury and Orwell who have written on the totalitarian society and how a group of people stand and fight it , may be somewhere at some point done the same and that is what which amazes me.I first read this novella -LRB- 190 pages and yes I am aware that the technical definition would not allow it to be classified it as a novella , however I chose to call it that -RRB- when I was 16 and was enthralled by it . Guy Montag 's transformation from a fireman who burns books and takes pleasure in it to the one who savors the written word and wants to save books and thereby his soul is brilliant . Bradbury did not dream the future when he wrote Fahrenheit 451 , the future actually was here . Right now . Look around you . Are n't we burning books by banning them anyway ? I am sure in certain parts of the world people are not at liberty to read -LRB- Afghanistan being one such place -RRB- . I wonder how my life would be if someone were to barge in my house and burn down my books . I would either kill myself or the person in the bargain . It would be the latter in all probability.What I loved about the book this time , is that I understood the layers involved , which I had n't earlier . It is not only about book censorship , it is about censorship period . The part in the book when Guy is raving mad at a bunch of women who think nothing beyond their husbands and `` families '' who can now be viewed on huge TV Screens and how he reads poetry to them and one of the women starts crying . I would like to believe that the tears were for a lost tradition amongst them . That of reading . The joy of thinking . The freedom to speak without editing a word.I can say one thing though - Books can never be extinct . Try as you might . Try hard if you will . Just try .
 -LSB- This review is for the paperback `` 50th Anniversary Edition '' of the novel , which contains special additional essays and an interview which enrich the experience of reading the novel . -RSB- I 'm not going to recount the plot details since this book should be a part of every book lover 's lexicon . -LRB- If you have been off of the planet for the past half-century or so , this is a parable , set in the not-too-distant future , about book-burning . But the novel is really about what makes a person an individual . It postulates what people might be willing to give up in order to have `` peace of mind , '' and poses material enough for hours of stimulating debate about the real value of independent thought and its importance to society . -RRB- This review is simply a friendly nudge for those of you out there who have already read this book once , perhaps when you were quite young , and have not re-visited it . I urge you to do so as soon as possible.I just re-read this incredible novel for the first time in thirty years . I picked it up because my teenage daughter is reading it as an assignment for an English class . I read it in high school , too , and I recall that I enjoyed it . But for some reason I had never re-read it . Bad move on my part . I got so much more out of the book now that I am older and have been in the world for awhile . The novel has aged beautifully . Actually , its insights , in light of our computer age and the changes which are being wrought in publishing and in the education of our children , are astoundingly relevant . This is a novel so current in its political and social re-imaginings that it could have been published last year.I love Bradbury 's books . He is a master story teller . HisThe Illustrated Mansits on my nightstand bookshelf right beside a copy of Ring Lardner 's short stories , Ring Around the Bases
 In the book Fahrenheit 451 author Ray Bradbury shows his wisdom and our faults through a character called Guy Montag . The story takes place in the near future and shows a world where history is an unknown blur and books are a contraband that must be burned . The people in charge of burning these so-called `` contraband items '' are non other than the worlds firefighters . And of course , one of those brave book burners is Guy Montag.Guy has lived his entire life without questioning it , but all of that changes when Guy meets Clarisse McClean . Clarisse is pretty , young , and very curious . Guy has never met such a girl before . A girl that focuses on love , friendship , and the contents of books , the same books that Guy burns . Guy tries to ignore her but can not , and when Clarisse dies in an automobile accident , he is left on his own , with his wife and his colleagues being very close-minded . One day on the job Guy is called in to an old grandma 's house where she has been keeping books , illegally . Guy tries to convince the lady to get out of the house , before she burns down with it , but she refuses . Before Guy burns down the house he steals a book . Guy is aware that it is illegal but he can not resist . Guy is determined to read that book . So , he tracks down his old English professor , Faber , who agrees to teach Guy how to read . What will happen to guy ? Will he get arrested for holding contraband ? Will he get burned ? Will he die ? Read the book to find out.This book is probably one of the best books I have ever read . It got me questioning my own life . And I started thinking ; maybe this really could be the future . The phrase `` curiosity killed the cat '' takes on a whole new meaning in this book . It 's great for people of all ages and any gender .
 I wo n't quibble with the social importance of `` Farenheit 451 , '' but I do think the book has limited value as literature . Quite simply , it 's well-written only in parts . Some parts are almost laughably weak , in a literary sense.The book gives us a frightening vision of America about 500 years in the future . An unseen , unnamed , unaccountable government has extraordinary control over citizens ' lives , and the government perpetuates its power by dulling people 's ability to think , remember , and feel . Medical advances do n't reduce suffering -- they dull our senses . People are drugged and then saved from their drug overdoses . Similarly , media is used to dull minds , rather than to enlighten . The urban environment where most people live is fast , violent , and dark ; and most people have no contact with the natural world . It 's our America , extended to extremes.Guy Montag , the main character of Farenheit , is a fireman
 I have known aboutFahrenheit 451for many years , but never picked it up until recently when my daughter brought it home from the school library . She had n't enjoyed it too much , she said , but some of her friends had . Bradbury , along with Isaac Asimov and a couple of other authors , is an icon of 20th century American science fiction , and this novel offers an excellent display of his prowess . The version I read , published by Ballantine Books , contains an interesting Afterword written by the author in 1982 -LRB- the book itself was written in 1953 at a UCLA typing room on typewriters ` which rented out at a dime a half hour ' -RRB- . In it , Bradbury describes the book 's c. 1980 adaptation to the stage , in which he further developed certain key characters , namely Clarisse , the mysterious young girl who opens the main character 's eyes , and Captain Beatty , the ironically well-read fire chief who is in charge of book burning . Bradbury also mentions changes added by Francois Truffaut , the Director of the film version -LRB- seeFahrenheit 451for the DVD -RRB- . Appropriately enough for a book about an extreme form of censorship , Bradbury notes that he has avoided the temptation to censor his own young self by bringing some of these additions into a revised version of the novel
 Through each page , this book carried with it amazing perspectives that transcend time and generations . In terms of the story independent of everything else , it was not very compelling . However , as a piece of literature trying to paint a vision of what happens when communication is no longer valued either verbally or through the pen , it is a classic .
 This book blows my mind . It says so many things that I 've been believing for years -LRB- and that 's before I read it -RRB- about human nature
 If ever there is a formula for the perfect novel , 451 has the ingredients . It would be one part science fiction masked in a glaze of poetic impulse , settled on a bed of classic literature soaking up the juices of vast philosophical thought . The burning of books is a horror to any who love the written word and our freedom to dream . It would be our worst nightmare for society to regress to a state of anti-intellectualism so staunch that ideas themselves have become the enemy . Ray Bradbury not only captures our fears in this post nuclear world but also touches upon our often forgotten love for the stories that have captured our hearts . This is a must read for anyone who has ever loved a book .
 By my count , this 'll be the 1,218 th review for this book on amazon , so what could I possibly say that the other 1,217 have n't ? But for those few who dare dig this deep to read
 I do n't want to think how many years ago I first read Fahrenheit 451 , but it must 've been around the same time -LRB- 1966 -RRB- that Truffault came out with his horrible cinematic version of the novel . I know this because I remember being unimpressed with both versions -LRB- although the movie may 've soured me on the book -RRB- . Re-reading the novel now , I still do n't think that it ranks up there with , say , Huxley 's Brave New World . But it is an astoundingly prescient vision of the sort of society in which we live
 Imagine what tomorrow will be like without books , a time when books are condidered extremely malevolent and a time when firemen 's jobs are not to put down fire but to start fire . This is what Montag , our main character does.This book tells of Montag 's gradual realization of the superficialness around him and encounters the very taboo that he was told to destroy . Montag soon realizes that books were not only not evil , but a precious thing that needed to be saved . We see Montag 's progression in this book , from the girl he met on the street , who said that she was `` tasting the rain '' to his wife , whose only interests were watching TV and hangs out with other friends of hers . Montag came to conflict with his society as he finally rejects it altogether . Eventually he did something that no one would think of . And that something may just be the path to save knowledge .
 This book is a classic . I first read it over 30 years ago and the issues raised are just as pertinent today as they were then.The book was first published in the early 1950s , at a time when censorship and control were also topical issues . The world depicted by Bradbury is , to some extent , a reality for some . Not necessarily because of technology but because once people stop thinking , questioning and creating they have surrendered at least some sense of self.On one level , this book can be read as ` straight ' science fiction . On another level , it can be read as social commentary.You decide.Highly recommended.Jennifer Cameron-Smith
 Ray Bradbury , one of the most celebrated authors of all time , paints a very frightening and vivid picture of what life would be like if we were not allowed to read books . In this futuristic society , firemen do not put out fires - they start them.Fahrenheit 451 has survived the test of time . Although written in 1953 about an advanced society that is threatened by the imagination and the knowledge that can be gained from reading , decades later this book still parallels some of the struggles that we must face in society every day . Fahrenheit 451 is a classic tale of censorship and the harm that it can cause when man is forced to take on his own battle between knowledge and ignorance.Guy Montag has been a fireman for 10 years and considers himself to be relatively happy with his career and the way he has chosen to live his life . He has never questioned the ritual burning of books , the constant television watching or the rules set by government and society.This all changes when Montag meets Clarisse - a 17-year-old girl who is fascinated with books and the sacred art of reading . She tells Montag of a time when books were not burned , and firemen were hired to save homes and lives from fire - not to start the fire themselves . Even though Montag knows that reading is illegal , he can not help but be drawn to the passion that books bring to the people that read them secretly.After Clarisse mysteriously disappears , Montag takes a deep look at himself . He begins to question his actions , society and happiness . Struggling with following his own morals yet still obeying the laws , Montag finds himself caught in a web of confusion . His descent from society begins with hiding books in his home , but before long he is running away with a group of outlaws that have made it their mission to memorize books in order to prevent future generations from missing out on knowledge and the stories of mankind 's journeys through time.Fahrenheit 451 is a must-read book - definitely one of the best Bradbury books that you will ever get your hands on . This tale of irony , censorship and societal constraints will follow generations for years to come until one day they too are faced with challenges not much different than this one .
 In Farenheit 451 -LRB- the temperature at which paper burns , says the prologue -RRB- , Guy Montag is a `` fireman '' whose job it is to burn books , and any building and/or people associated with the crime . After an old woman commits suicide by lighting her own house on fire instead of escaping and allowing her books to burn , Montag has a crisis of faith . He 's always believed in the rightness of his cause , but now is not so sure . So he pockets a few books and takes them home . He tries to read poetry to his wife , to disasterous effect . Montag has to make a choice - the life he knew or a life -LRB- possibly very short -RRB- of scholarship where books supply the grist for the intellect.Although the story is putatively about book-burning , censorship , and propoganda , that is just the surface story . Bradbury paints an eerily prophetic picture of a land so in love with its own happines -LRB- and leisure -RRB- that no one wants to rock the boat . Deceased relative are not grieved . Whatever grief is present is drowned out by the cacophany of ever-present televisions , advertisements , and catchy tunes . Keep the plebes disctracted and they 'll let you get away with anything ! There is also some wicked social commentary on the lack of accountability in society , which is even more apparent today than when the book was written.Often , when one finally gets around to reading a modern classic like Farenheit 451 , one is dissappointed . Not so with this book - the action is exciting , the resolution is satisfying -LRB- if dystopic -RRB- , and the philosophical debates between the characters is interesting . At less than 250 pages , it is a quick read , but this is one classic that every science fiction fan will enjoy .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is about a fireman named Guy Montag . In his world , firemen started fires to burn books-as both their job and for their own pleasure . He lived what he thought was a picture-perfect life , and never questioned why they burned books or the way society was . When he met a seventeen-year-old girl named Clarisse McClellan , his life changed forever . After she mysteriously disappears , Guy sought the assistance of an old professor named Faber , who helped him examine the past , and what their society has become in the present . He began to question society and the censorship of ideas that surrounded the world that he lived in . Guy had to decide what he needed to do to change all of it.When I originally began reading this book , I found it confusing and a little hard to follow because of its futuristic setting and characters . However , as I got farther into the book , it became easier to understand the story line and the plot . Even though he wrote it in 1953 , Ray Bradbury makes outstanding points in his book about the messages that society and the media sends to us even today . No matter how convincing they may be , it is only the truth that matters . This book opened my eyes to many questions about the way we live today , and how we can move to modify the `` Ignorance is bliss '' idea in which many people live today .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is an innovative and awesomely prescient look at the ` future , ' which is for us now the past . As I read it , I could draw quite a few similarities between Montag 's desensitized and ignorant society and our own , or at least the direction ours seems to be heading . As in Montag 's world , we seek convenience above all things rather than overcoming our obstacles and learning from our mistakes . I would go so far as to say that today ; literature is slowly dying out just as newspaper journalism is , because there are more convenient ways to get our entertainment and news . However , such practices bring us closer and closer to a world where citizens are merely cattle as long as they are entertained , like in Fahrenheit 451 . I also thoroughly enjoy Bradbury 's writing style , how he conveys Montag 's loneliness as he is realizing the plight of humanity and can not tell his wife , indeed he does n't even know if he loves his wife , he ca n't remember where they met . Montag changes from complete bliss in ignorance , to a willingness to give everything to enlighten the rest of the people , as he was . Bradbury is not flowery with his descriptions , but I think he gets the feeling across which is the most important thing since no matter what the description , we are the ones forming the mental picture . The issue of censorship is addressed on an extreme scale by this book , but still one can not help drawing comparisons to now , and how easily it is to see it progressing from here to there . This book is a classic , and unlike some with such lofty titles , it is most definitely worth reading .
 Having met and seen Mr. Bradbury speak in person in the very location where he wrote this book out on type-writer , the Powell Library at UCLA , I have tremendous respect and admiration for the message this novel conveys . Serving as a warning to the intellectual and knowledge seekers , Guy Montage 's search for information and logic is heroic considering the political repression present in his society . One of the pre-eminent beacons promoting freedom of speach and the free exchange of information , this novel continues to serve as a guideline and reminder of the importance of the open exchange of ideas . In a society where many governments and religious regimes seek to curtail information flow , this is a message of the necessary pro-activeness and vigilance necessary to preserve the Alexandria library of modern civilization , the printed word .
 The reason that Fahrenheit 451 is such a great book can be a hard one to pin down , though the fact that it is goes without question.It is the story of a fireman , Guy Montag , who faces a crisis when he begins to question his whole way of life after a chance encounter with a young woman on his street . After this first , casual meeting , he begins to re-examine his relationship with his wife in contrast to the familiar , warm relationship that the girl has with her family - instead of this loving type of exchange , Guy finds that his closest relation , his wife , spends all day with the three-walled ` family ' that barks constantly at her from a script , but that never bothers to actually say anything . From these estranged roots , Guy turns to look at the thing that he is destroying and that he has been taught to hate - books . This curiosity gets him into trouble quickly , forcing him out of the life that he knows and into one of panic , flight , and eventual banishment ... though even this is a blessing in disguise.The novel works from the basis of a phenomenon that has occurred in literature in recent years - that of the utopia gone bad , something that Thomas Moore never could have imagined . In this growing canon of literature you will find such venerable titles as ' 1984 ' , ` We ' , ` Anthem ' , and ` Brave New World ' ... what separates 451 from these is it 's focus on the specific problem of entertainment as a venue to the masses . What happens when the government controls our books , our television , our inputs ? What happens when we close our minds off to literature because it is going to offend someone , somewhere ? What happens when we become so PC that we burn ` The Merchant of Venice ' because it might offend Jews , ` Roots ' because it might make whites look bad , and ` Huckleberry Finn ' because it might make blacks uncomfortable?Bradbury attempts to answer this question , albeit indirectly - true , no one can be offended if these things are removed , but neither can anyone learn and grow . Life , civilization , everything - it all becomes stagnant , sliding slowly away to meaningless interactions that amount to nothing . Bradbury does not tell us that our point is to go around offending but rather that in order to function , we must push one another . Life , love , happiness ... none of these happen without passion , fire , intensity ... all of those emotions which flow might step on someone 's toes , true , but they are necessary to be human.The novel tackles this with an unforgiving brutal bent to those who would censor and suppress anything that might make a person think . Captain Beatty is the epitome of the problem , though even in his final thoughts he seems to be full of a sort of self-loathing . This character , along with several others , leads the reader to examine the different sides of the issue at hand , trying to discern which approach is most appropriate.In doing this Bradbury achieves what the intent of the novel is - to make us think about and examine our own views on what art -LRB- specifically literature , but it can be generalized -RRB- is and what place it has in society . Should it be censored ? Should it be controlled -LRB- as in Plato 's ` Republic ' -RRB- ? The fact that the novel encourages these questions in such a short span -LRB- a little over 100 pages -RRB- is a testament to Ray Bradbury 's brilliance as a novelist ... it is also the reason that you , the potential reader , should make sure to pick up a copy and tear through it -LRB- it can be finished in a single day , easily -RRB- . By doing so , you will be facing what are still very relevant problems in our modern day and time.Bottom line
 Bradbury 's best ; A non-stop look at the supreme ignorance that comes with totalitarian regimes . A dystopia like BNW and 1984 , this dystopia is littered with awesome similes , startling paralles , and absurd contradictions such as firemen who light fires , instead of putting them out . Whether your of Liberal mentality -LRB- Michael Moore took his bush-bashing doc title from this book . -RRB- Or if your of a Conservative mentality , -LRB- this book gives a great account of what true conservatism is all about . -RRB- The story is prophetic , and will manifest itself in America now or later . Just like G.Orwell 's Big Brother has now manifested itself through the Patriot Act . This book is a must read , and if you do n't like it , well , you can always burn it !
 The book definitely has great ideas to revolve around , and ever since I 've heard about the burning of books , I thought it was worthy of reading and I placed some expectations that were all met . I wanted it to be exciting , and it definitely was . I also found this book to have less boring scenes -LRB- there are boring scences to every book , and we ca n't deny that -RRB- than many other great books - this book is short , but it is to the point , which is one of the many reasons to love this book . While `` 1984 '' by George Orwell is a great book , it took more than a hundred pages to set up , which I found to be a drag.I can not say what the biggest strength in the novel is - there are lots of strengths . I like how the author does n't mention what city they are in ; that way , everyone can relate to it a little more . He does n't set it in Los Angeles or New York -LRB- though for all we know , it could be -RRB- , because he wants to imply that every place is like this - in other words , it could be your city that they are living in . He does this to create a better microcosm of the world . Also , the idea of book burning is one of the greatest ever , as it shows how a society denies knowledge and chooses to go with ignorance instead . The biggest weaknesses in this novel is that it is hurried at times . I think Clarisse McClellan dies too fast , and it would have been better if they had had a bigger relationship . Also , the ending is abrupt . Then again , that is his style . In his short story `` Frost and Fire '' the ending is also abrupt . However , he has a great way of making people relate to his stories , even though they might be science fiction . In the future , I probably will read another one of his books.This is a great book , hands down . Go take it out of your library or purchase it and read it . It will only take you a matter of days -LRB- in fact you can even read it in one day -RRB- . With a great theme dealing with censorship , along with everything else that is great about the book , this should be a `` must read '' .
 The book was one of the best that I have ever read yet , it is the same mumbo jumbo that humans will always find th right way . That our race will always survive , conqor evils , and destroy evil doers .
 Ray Bradburys Fahrenheit 451 was an excellent book . It really made you think about the way life could be in the future , and how the government can just take over you life . I just thought Ray Bradbury did an great job on showing how your life could be taken over and run for you in the future .
 I first picked up this book in my freshman year of high school , and I could n't get through it . It made no sense and I hated it . I picked it up again after graduating and I became so enthralled in the story that it has stayed with me . I loved the book and all the underlying messages . There is true wisdom and serious warnings that Bradbury writes about , and I encourage all of you who had to read it for school and hated it , pick it up again sometime in the future when you are ready to really think about it and act on it . It is something everyone should read sometime in their lifetime .
 Bradbury 's way of writing forces you to think about how non-sensical the world is becoming . While throwing in a couple of other ideas , he builds up to describing the horrors of censorship . It seems ridiculous that the could actually become that crazy , but if we tried to make the world perfect-it would leave many people unhappy . And if we destroy books , we 're destroying a person 's valuable opinion containing the key to the past .
 I had to read this book for schoool . I am going into eighth grade . At first , I thought that the book was a bunch of nonsense , but as I got further into it , I realized that it was an enjoyable , well-written novel . I strongly reccomend this book to people . The ending was especially great .
 Bradbury 's chilling and well-written vision of an all-too-possible future is absolutely timeless . It succeeds in its purpose of encouraging readers to take a second look at their own society , values and beliefs . The resulting parallels between Bradbury 's creation and our own existence are discomforting at times . `` Farenheit 451 '' has been required reading in many schools for many years ; this indeed is where I first read it . To any other reader , student or otherwise , I say this
 Bradbury 's chilling and well-written vision of an all-too-possible future is absolutely timeless . It succeeds in its purpose of encouraging readers to take a second look at their own society , values and beliefs . The resulting parallels between Bradbury 's creation and our own existence are discomforting at times . `` Farenheit 451 '' has been required reading in many schools for many years ; this indeed is where I first read it . To any other reader , student or otherwise , I say this
 I think this was the best book that was ever printed . I do n't understand why that one reviewer said that him and his friends stopped reading it after 5 pages . I think that there is something wrong with them . Maybe something in the head . Well , i recomend this book 105 % to anyone .
 The book , `` Farenheit 451 '' by Ray Bradbury , is an exceptional telling of a future that might have been , and might still be . The story is of a young man , a `` fireman '' , in a future where information and knowledge come from television . Books are banned , and owning a book is punishable by death . The fireman becomes fascinated with why people would be willing to risk death in order to own something the state says is bad for them . He steals a book and reads it . Then he steals another book and another and another . Eventually he becomes exactly what he has been trained to eradicate . Finally he is turned in , by his wife , who does n't understand his change in attitude and must answer a call to come to his own house ... where his stolen collection of books are burned . He runs away and goes into hiding , until he eventually comes upon a group of people living outside the city without luxury of television . The people in this group have solved the problem of not being allowed to own books . Each person selects a book and then commits it to memory ... in effect they become the book . If they are searched , they have no books and can not be punished . They have become the receptacles for all the world 's great literature and for their own future ; a future that someday may permit books . This is a brilliant story , which has many parallels to America today , and not just Nazi Germany in the 30 's . Less than 50 % of Americans read newspapers ; the idea of functional illiteracy has become commonplace ; and an entire generation does n't know anything that did n't come out of the television . As Howard Beale says in the movie Network , `` You dress like the tube , you talk like the tube , you raise your children like the tube ... My God , you maniacs ... you are the real thing , we are the illusion . ''
 This book , though possibly confusing in some places , is a wonderful look at a world where Firemen are paid to burn books . It describes a world where all the masterpieces of classical literature are `` simplified '' and `` toned down '' into tasteless TV episodes . But not everyone thinks this is right ... A classic , it is a true page-turner , full of wonderful Braburyan irony and suspense . A must-read .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is one of those rare books that goes straight to the heart of its issue , what we are doing to ourselves in this TV/Multimedia crazed society . So much more than a cry against censorship , this book is a rallying cry for us to wake up and see what is happening all around us . From the video walls to the relationships of children and parents , Bradbury is eerily prophetic in his predictions . I can see why some readers today would feel uncomfortable with this book ; the truth not only hurts , but sometimes it can be downright damning.P.S . This is not a young adult book . The levels of symbolism and prophecy make this a read much more appropriate to an older , more mature audence .
 Anyone who thinks that this book is boring and has no value , should simply watch TV . Bradbury wonderfully paints the picture of a utopian society , in which the cosmopolitan population is `` protected '' from books which may spawn independent thought . Bradbury keeps it short and sweet , but gives enough detail to give the reader a clear picture . Easily one of the best science fiction novels of all time .
 I recently read this remarkable novel and felt that the other commentaries were correct in stating that regardless of cowardly , bitchy , and psyco immigrants we should not censor ANYTHING just because they are offended . Minorities are nothing to be concerned about and should all just drop dead if they complain . Thank you .
 I recently read this remarkable novel and felt that the other commentaries were correct in stating that regardless of cowardly , bitchy , and psyco immigrants we should not censor ANYTHING just because they are offended . Minorities are nothing to be concerned about and should all just drop dead if they complain . Thank you .
 This book is about a mentally sick , futuristic society . Some of the actions of the people in the book are quite startling . I recomend this book to young adults . It is a good example of what our society should not end up as .
 Guy Montag is a hero of heroes in this masterpiece of a book . He is a misguided soul who never wonders whether his and his companions ' actions are just and right . When the idea of the flaw of his society is introduced , Guy goes on a difficult journey for the truth . This is a book that will stay with you forever .
 Bradbury portrays a scary future where fireman do n't put out fires , they burn them . He is very detailed with all of his characters and very suspensful . Will they burn Montag 's house ? Will he kill Beatty ? Will he get caught ? So many questions that can be answered . This book also forces you to imagine a lot and think . It is an A + in my book .
 This book is one of the best I 've read . It gives a frightening look into the future that parallels how we are living now ; more and more people are relying on and being `` dumbed '' by the media instead of reading and finding themselves in books . This book has a definite message while at the same time is very entertaining . I highly recommend it to anyone who thinks !
 I read this book many years ago , and re-read it again many times since . As we grow closer to y2k and more emphesis is put on electronics , I 've had recurring nightmares about children never again being able to pick up a book and flip through the pages . A book is a worthy thing , and too many worthy things have been lost . Look at us , even now as I write this , I am on an electronic device.Could it happen ? -LRB- shrug -RRB- it might . Will it ? lets hope not .
 This book was the most breathtaking , jawdropping , and eyeopening phenomenon . I have read this book several times and every time I see something that I did n't see before and gain one more level in the battle against ignorance .
 how can anyone NOT read this book ?? i noticed that it is categorized as young adult , but this poignant and moving story , about living and loving life as much as it is a warning for the future , is for everyone . this book had me up until three in the morning because i literally could not put it down . i read it in one white-knuckled , wide-eyed sitting . because rain really DOES taste just like wine , if you tilt your head back and let raindrops fall on your tongue ...
 What appears on cursory reading to be a story of banned books , with reflection is a comment on the systematic suppression of free thought and free speech . The book gives insight into how those who look the other way or are concerned with rights only as applied to them can actually further the loss of individual freedoms . A very thought provoking novel .
 Bradbury creates a perfect dystopia in which life as we know it does not exist . The deep value of somewhat simple style makes this book one of the finest ever written . This book should be a necessity for anyone who plans on helping to preserve liberty for one 's self and for all .
 I 've always had trouble reading but when I read this book for my English 2 class I loved it . It was a very good book . My fav line is ... `` Ask not for sucurity , there never was such an animal , and if there was it would be related to the sloth which spends its time hangin upside down in a tree '' `` To hell with that , I say , kick the tree and knock the sloth on his @ $ $ ! '' Must READ ! I wrote an essay on this book and got an A !
 It 's a book that basically tells of censorship . It is well written and makes you think about censorship today .
 Bradbury 's classic novel of a society where books and independent thought are rarities , not because of the government so much as the people being tired of thinking . Just as good the third time through . Check out Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' if you enjoyed this .
 This is one of the best books I have ever read . It changes the way you thing about the future , books , and censorship . It is well written and hard to put down once you start it .
 Ca n't remember how many times i read this novel . It reflects us our `` animal like '' nature and our demoslishing activities ! It reviews todays situation to our eyes.The media , the state , the meaning of television , the WAR , the army , the police and many others ! And this book is written in '52 !!! Bradbury has made a gigantic prophecy ! And finally this novel makes it clear how to survive among all these chaotic forces which want to destroy the mankind
 I am a 16-year-old and I also had to read this -LRB- in my holidays -RRB- for school . The book was very confusing at first , but it makes you think . This is the only sci-fiction novel I have liked . Those who hate this novel show themselves to be almost illiterate -LRB- just look for the spelling mistakes -RRB- .
 I totally agree with `` Reader from Vermont '' Whoever you are , you summed up exactly how I felt about the book . I chose to read it because of all the hype . I was disappointed , I expected more . I feel that it is a good book , but overrated .
 Bradbury considered this novel his best work -- identifying himself on his tombstone as the author of Fahrenheit 451 . It is an intriguing piece of work , though more fable than novel . Bradbury , like Dick , was never one to develop great characters , though his dialogue is a lot better than Dick 's . And while Bradbury 's plots are never as brilliantly convoluted as those of Dick , the imagination and philosophy behind his plots are his strength.Here Bradbury anticipates by 60 years the plugged-in , hyper consumerism of our present society . Books and ideas are abandoned voluntarily - first the books are condensed , then outlined , then just not read at all . And finally society as a whole mobilizes against the perceived snobbery and divisiveness of intellectuals , resulting in organized bookburning . In the background is a commitment to a permanent state of war with other countries.Like the interrogator of the hero in 1984 , the chief book burner who tries to keep Bradbury 's book-burning hero on the straight and narrow is one of the most interesting characters in the book . One gets the impression that he 's an intellectual who has recovered from his heresy with a vengeance . Also interesting is the character of Clarisse , who first persuades the hero to ask questions about his life . I wish that character had been better developed.This is a very good book , though it has a truncated feel . The novel would have benefitted from expanding the characters and from giving a better feel for day-to-day life in this imagined future dystopia .
 I doubt I can add anything new to a book with over 1500 reviews . So , like always , I 'll just give my personal insights . In my opinion , what makes a classic a classic is something like this ... it 's pretty obvious that this book , when it was written , takes place in the future . Never do we know exactly when , and never is it actually stated that this book takes place in the future , yet it is . The fact that the fictional plot is n't really far-fetched is spooky , and mabe that 's what caused such a stir when this book was causing controversy.Another thing is that a classic can not be defined as just one genre . This book is sci-fi , but it 's not hard sci-fi . It 's not the sci-fi that Asimov presents , where it takes place in space , across planets and galaxies and so on -LRB- by the way , I like Asimov alot , I 'm not at all saying this type of sci-fi is bad -RRB- , but with the little details , such as a Mechanical Hound -LRB- who was quite intimidating I might add -RRB- , and the seashell worn by Mildred . It was more science fiction than I expected it to be , yet it was far from just a science fiction novel . It is also mostly a dystopian novel , yet at times it 's also a thriller , even a tad of horror , and not to mention some heavy pyschological tendicies . And all of it works beautifully together.This story also does two things that a classic does
 I love this book ! i tried to read it when i was younger but couldnt understand it and when i read it all the way through a few years ago i feel in love . this book is so beautiful and hopeful even through all the darkness . Ray Bradbury is an amazing author and knows how to bring a story to life .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . It really opens your eyes to the future , and how caught up people already are in technology .
 This was by far the best book I 've read in awhile . It was wonderfully written and kept me interested all the way through !
 Great book read it when i was a teen , along with all his other books.Bought it as a gift for an aspireing writer
 All theses years later this book still holds up . Loved it . I would recommend this book to anyone . Somebody should do a modern movie remake of this story .
 Fabulous classic novel ! I will probably read it again . Beautiful prose , thoughtful plot . Interesting look into the future and all it holds .
 Very well written , worth the money ! It will keep you on the edge of your seat . Also very thought provoking ...
 I loved teaching this novel , and I love re-reading it . It 's a prescient look at the impact of technology on our society and the way we define and view ` knowledge ' -- and relationships . This novel rightly belongs on lists of great social treatises like Orwell 's , Huxley 's , and the like .
 In a not so distant future , Guy Montag is a fireman . But , paradoxically , his mission is NOT to quench fires , but to set them up in order to burn books . Because in the world in which Montag lives , it is absolutely forbidden to read books . Because reading books forces one to think for oneself . And thinking for oneself might lead you to question the world and not be happy . And in this world , it is mandatory to be happy.This book warns about the dangers of a mechanized civilization which condemns the life of the spirit and the free mind . The prescience of Bradbury is remarkable
 Read this book ! This , sadly prophetic , book truly reflects modern day life . Amazingly , people do n't read anymore , BY CHOICE ! Were offended by any and all things serious . Life has become nothing but trivial , meaningless , stupid , `` fun . '' The movies , television , pastimes , everything , is completely empty and devoid of all substance , if it actually has a point , then it 's called `` overly serious . '' After all , we just want to `` have fun ; '' why waste our lives trying to fix problems ? Forget the problems ! Life 's too short ! Eat , drink , tomorrow we may die ! Ozone depletion , global warming ? Bah ! Human beings like you and I starving to death ? I do n't see it ! Poverty , pollution , living beyond our means , injustice , racism , classism , sexism , hatred of all differences , greed , and countless other serious problems ? Who cares , I do n't see 'em ! Flick on the TV ! ... and all these other anoexic , empty-headed , cuties we all aspire to be , who have nothing to offer us but `` cute-ness , '' and , of course , the planned obsolesence of the latest clothing fads , etc!How have we gone this far over the edge ? Why do n't we read ? Why do n't we care ? Why do n't we think ? Why do we allow this to go on ? Ray Bradbury tackles all these questions and more in his book . While this is n't a difficult book to read , it is slow reading , because , to get the point , you must continually stop reading and think about what you 've read , to ask the important questions
 It is truly ironic that some here are saying they did n't like Fahrenheit 451 because it was `` boring '' or `` did n't make sense . '' Slamming this book because it did n't feed itself to you , predigested ? You missed a major theme of the very book you 're trashing
 I 'm 14 years old . I finished reading the book two months ago . I have to say it is very good . Set in the future , in a time where fireman burn books for a living , we see played out the story of a man named Montag who is a fireman ... but he knows there 's more to life ... . Befriended by a sixteen year old girl named Clarrise Mclellan , he begins to see through her eyes the beauty of simple nature . And books come alive to him . He later comes to himself and quits his job as a fireman . Although this is a Science Fiction it has a depth that this genre often lacks . Montag 's wife is distant from him . Clarrise who was like a daughter to him was killed . And in the end being an outcast joins a group of men who believe in a brighter future . This book is not only important to read but moving . Put it up there with Brave New World and 1984 . I have a great appreciation for good litreture . Being a future writer myself , I believe good writers are always good readers .
 To verify , I am a boy of age twelve . For a little introduction before delving into my review of this book , I would like to say that I amuse myself with books more advanced for my age , as they are by far more interesting , and enhance my writing skills and whatnot . With that done , I will not begin my comments on the book and a bit of a summary.Concise Summary -LRB- in my standards -RRB-
 Ray Bradbury is the living master of the science fiction genre . This stuff is good , written in 1953 , even if you are like me and do n't like science fiction . Pass on those Bush-bashing movies by disingenuous poorly dressed film-makers and go to the real thing.This Fahrenheit is called 451 because that is the temperature at which books burn , more or less , and that is what this is about . Reminiscent of Hitlerian Germany , book burning is back in vogue in the eastern US in the late 20th century . The first ironic twist is that the firemen start the fires to burn the books , generally engulfing the book owner 's home , and sometimes the book owner as well.Guy Montag is a third generation fireman who starts to question the purpose and meaning in burning books . All homes have been somehow fireproofed , so no real fires occur , only those started by the fire department . Montag 's wife sits home all day , watching mindless broadcasts on large screens , and complaining that Guy needs to earn more money in order to purchase even larger screens . Her ultimate objective is to cover all four walls of the living room with monitors.Guy starts to sneak home some of the books and of course , he ultimately becomes the target of his own department . He learns that he should not trust his wife or his colleagues , all of whom long ago drank the kool-aid . He does make the acquaintance of an elderly professor , an intellectual and scholar from the old days , who ultimately puts him in touch with others of a similar ilk.Perhaps most interesting is the reason givien for burning the books . Non-fiction is bad , since it is all contradictory and impossible to prove , and fiction is even worse since it is not even true , just made-up people , places , and dialogue . And dont get me started on poetry or philosophy , that will only cause confusion , sorrow , and feelings of being lost . Society has made a clear selection in its entertainment , with an absolute preference for high speed sports , action , and adventure.More irony follows as Montag on several occasions becomes both the observer and the target as he is pursued by the authorities . Then we learn from reading a book that books are not a suitable way for humanity to store knowledge , that requires dedicated but powerless and marginalized scholars involved in constant peer review and analysis . The last irony is that Bradbury has written a very short book here , actually a novella , because he knows that we prefer action and adventure to reading.As of this 2005 writing , I understand that Bradbury is in his 80 's and still working . In various interviews , he expressed anger that Michael Moore would adapt his title for a completely unrelated and unfunny diatribe . But then , Bradbury lifted `` Something Wicked This Way Comes '' right out of Shakespeare . What comes around , goes around .
 How many times have you ever wished that you never ever have to read another book again or how many times have you wished that books should be banned so that you could watch the TV all day long ? Well , enter into Ray Bradbury 's world where reading books are illegal , watching TV all day is encouraged and running people over with cars are acceptable.Remember in school , where the brainy kids would always answer the teacher 's questions while the rest of us sat behind ? The rest of us would always feel dumber and after class we would beat up the brainy kids . It was a no win situation but in this wonderful society , class consisted of - you guessed it - television and more television . But in this world , everyone was made equal , so much equality that practically everyone are mindless zombies.Guy Montag , the protagonist of FAHRENHEIT 451 , mindlessly burn books for a living . His profession is being a fireman . What better way to prevent books from making us unhappy , right ? Wrong ! Everyone that follows the contraband-book-society is miserable . Right off the first few pages , someone wants to kill herself and it turns out to be Montag 's wife.Clarisse McClellan enters the picture and she gives Montag a little shove towards the direction of actually making him think for himself . For a moment there , Montag starts to live . He sees nature meaning trees and flowers , you know , that sort of junk people really do n't see when their mind and concentration is on the television . McClellan also makes Montag question his lifestyle and happiness . He starts to get upset because he realizes that there is something terribly wrong with how the society works . But do n't worry . Before McClellan can complete the transformation of making Montag into a living and breathing person , she gets run over by a car , driven by a bunch of kids . A wonderful world , is it not?Since Montag is stuck in between the phase of being a zombie and being a full fledge person , he looks for help . Although he wants help , he 's placing himself in danger , by - be prepared for this - reading books and by talking with Faber , a retired English professor . The journey that awaits Montag would be full of confusion , danger and anger especially when Faber and Beatty have a verbal one-on-one . By the way , Beatty is really Captain Beatty , as in captain of the fire department .
 Set in a not-too-distant future where books are banned , firemen start fires rather than put them out and room-sized TVs provide all social interaction , Farenheit 451 is truly scary . In a world like this , that is at once strangely familiar yet radically different , Guy Montag 's behavior throughout the novel helps the reader identify with him . Definitely thought provoking and frightening in how close to reality much of the subject matter has become .
 Ray Bradbury 's books make for immediate , mesmerizing , entirely compulsive reading . His prose is electrifying in its use of poetic metaphor and dramatic syntax . The reader is instantly plunged into an alien culture , or a terrifying future , and is not really released even after the last page is turned.I had been postponing reading this novel for years . I am , after all , a confirmed bibliophile . Reading a novel with a plot involving the burning of books would , I kept telling myself , be too traumatic for me.I finally decided to wade in.Need I say that I only put the book down when I absolutely had to , when reality intruded ? The novel carried me along on its relentless wave of narrative . Of course , I tried not to picture the books burning as I read , but Bradbury would n't let me . Not when he was describing them as living creatures , dying , their pigeon wings flapping ... . The fact that I managed to endure this at all is a real tribute to the greatness of his writing.The characters are indelibly imprinted on my brain . The most compelling , of course , is the protagonist , Montag . Equally compelling are Faber , who is obviously Montag 's alter ego , and the numinous Clarisse . She is the one who first awakens Montag to the futility of denying his own soul , the stirrings of thought and penetrating questions that reading invariably arouses . The most tragic character is Beatty , who struggles hard against his love of books , in his work as chief fireman . This struggle culminates in a final , ironic conflagration . Montag 's wife , Mildred , is to be pitied , since she is unable to acknowledge her emptiness , her consuming loneliness . She pushes away the power and beauty to be found in books . She refuses to come out of denial , preferring ` the family ' , a banal cast of characters she endlessly watches on the living room ` wall-to-wall TV ' , in order to anesthetize the deepest longings of her soul.As I read , I became aware of a deeper sense of discomfort , underneath that elicited by the burning of books . Due to my own life experiences , I , along with this disturbed society , had been unconsciously longing for a world in which no one would ever get his or her feelings hurt - a world where everyone 's rights would be respected , especially those of minorities.Bradbury gave me a sobering look at such a world , and it was absolutely terrifying . It was `` American Idol '' gone wild , a world in which people no longer thought , felt , or even communicated on a soul level with other human beings . Instead , they spent all their time being ` happy ' , through mindless , ongoing entertainment.I realized that I did n't want to live in such a world ; it would mean the total annihilation of what makes us most deeply human - the ability to dream , to wonder , to ponder the deep truths of life.Books and the questions they raise are incompatible with living in a world where nobody would offend anyone else . Books disturb , probe , anger and challenge . Books are flawed at times , due to their authors ' all-too-human penchant for furthering their own pet theories , however twisted they might seem to a reader . Books can make us squirm , for they can force us to face the unwanted realities we try to bury.There is still a part of me that thinks that books such as `` Mein Kampf '' should be burned , or at least , allowed to expire by going , and staying , out of print . The Marquis de Sade also comes to mind as an author of books with a markedly offensive subject matter . Then there 's Anais Nin . One of her books chronicles the incestuous relationship she had with her father ... The problem is , where do you draw the line ? Who decides which books merit extinction?I do n't have a final , satisfactory answer.And so I am left feeling restless and slightly depressed , although I 'm glad to have read the book , nevertheless . It has caused me to ponder what I really and truly believe regarding the banning of books , and their potentially harmful influences.Yet another uncomfortable element of the plot is Montag 's desperate , evil act toward the end of the novel . I suppose it is inevitable , however . It is indeed immoral , but then , so is the entire , nihilistic society he is a part of . It is the act of a man who has turned on a symbol of that society , and so , turned on himself , in a sense , in order to be reborn as a new man , a man who thinks and feels , even if doing so causes him some measure of unhappiness . This act could , itself , be considered a harmful influence on a reader , since Montag evades punishment . Yet , as an act of rebellion , of a misplaced sort of justice , it is totally fitting . Therein lies `` the treason of the artist '' , as Ursula K. LeGuin puts it . For the artist makes meaning out of pain , suffering , and tragedy . This is also part of the value to be found in books.The symbol of rebirth is ubiquitous in the novel . At one point , the myth of the Phoenix is mentioned . Ironically , civilization is being reborn out of the very fire it has used to destroy the very objects that had given it meaning - books.By the end of the novel , groups of people have quietly begun the reconstruction , the return to reading . It is a movement that is slowly gathering momentum . Civilization , suggests Bradbury , as Miller 's `` Canticle for Leibowitz '' was to do years later , is constantly rising from the ashes of every Dark Age in order to reinvent itself.So I know that I will be re-reading this book sometime in the near future , as I intend to do with Miller 's . Both are books that apparently dwell on despair , only to end with a feeling of hope.Bradbury has once again sparked my imagination and tickled my intellect . He also refuses to let me forget his incredible take on a future that may or may not turn out to become all too real .
 I have re-read this book twice . It is a profound , pivoting novel , redolent of dysthymic admonitions and insight into the depths of nature . We are truly moving closer to the future allocuted by Ray Bradbury , for we reside in a society of superficiality and vice , in which mass media precludes critical thought and engages in unmitigable ideological insemination . The infernal machine known as the television is everywhere , and the pretense of the machine 's adoration of the viewer and pseudo-relationship manifests itself in the aplomb , homogenous you-centered advertising schemes . Political correctness is bilious and has reached a prodigious , nauseous height . We are absorbed in a sub-culture of vanity , asininity , and conformance , whilst the circumambient ecumenical situation continues to precipitate . But we can preclude the advent of a Bradburian future . We must destroy televisions everywhere , and rid the world of superficiality . degenerate literature such as modern romances and John Grisham should stop being idolized , and we must return to the antecedental genius of man , We must read Thackery , Bronte , Joyce , Mann , Goethe , Kant , and we must liberate ourselves from ignorance . reading this , i felt that Clarisse Mclellan was predicated upon me . I have always wandered amongst fecund leas and orchards and the fallow moors , engrossed in nature , and admonished and mocked for it . Just the other day , whilst seeing the reflection of a television 's promulgations , i heard jets in the sky , their aquiline screech shattering the heterogenous tranquility of the pines diademed with mists of the sea ... and all the while , the television blasted , and i thought eerily of Fahrenheit 451 , and what would ensue ...
 I did n't think I 'd like this book as much as I did . I became completely absorbed in the story , emotionally invested in what was happening , it takes a great story to do that .
 I had to read this book while I was in high school and I 'm glad I did ! This turned out to be my favorite book . Great story and very thought-provoking . Highly recommended .
 The best reviews here have already covered it . It 's a great quality book for the price , easily readable , and of course it 's an amazing story you do n't want to miss.Get this book , read it , love it , then buy a more expensive model of it for the bookshelf .
 I decided to give this classic book a chance . Once I read page 1 , I was sucked inside of the story . The idea of a world where books are burned and people would rather talk to their `` families '' on the televisions was just like modern day -LRB- the phone to your ear for example -RRB- . This is my third book -LRB- first two being Alice in Wonderland and the manga Godchild -RRB- .
 I am really satisfied with my purchase . Everything went great . I ` ll recommend it to others .
 I read this book as a teenager , and I wanted my students to read it as well . Although I loved it , I did not get the same reaction as when they saw the video . However they did think the video was cheesy ... : D
 Supplier , Thrift_books , has always been prompt in shipping products . I have ordered from them often , in fact , I look on their site first for the items I 'm interested in purchasing . If they carry what I 'm looking for , I order from them .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a story of a society that has been changed to a dystopia . High authorities try to regulate life to make people happy . To achieve this happiness , firemen -LRB- which has been redefined -RRB- burn books to people do n't know what the past was like . The city is a dystopia in a utopia.Guy Montag , firemen who finds out that he is n't happy once he has multiple conversations with a spontaneous adolescent girl named Clarisse . Clarisse does n't thrive in the dystopia like everyone else . She does not accept that books are bad . She late affects the train of thought for Montag . Mildred , Montag 's wife is happy with her life . She accepts the thought of books being bad . She agrees that destroying books brings happiness . She spends most of her time watching T.V. all day . Faber is an old man who enjoys books , but he is terrified of the firemen . He 's a smart coward . Captain Beatty reads books from time to time , but he does n't believe anything he reads.The common theme for the book the collective loss of memory , history , and the outside world in a society will result in an easy psychological manipulation of mankind by a government ultimately leading to dehumanization of the people . This is the theme because they are erasing history in an effort to achieve happiness . The common characteristics used in the book are relying on physical and somewhat psychological torture to maintain order . They threaten to burn books and houses if you 're caught with books . The society the government runs thought to be an utopia but is far from it , the government basically runs and controls everything.Fahrenheit 451 really unfolds when Montag begins to take books for himself . His wife is terrified that he wants to keep the books . She is afraid that her house will be burned by the firemen , but Montag is a fireman , but does this make him able to read books ? Things become more interesting when he is caught with a plethora of books in his home.Deon , Carlos , Juan , Cody -LRB- 12th grade -RRB-
 This is one of the very best book to add to your collection . You can keep on reading this book over and over again . The setting which takes place in the future is a sure way for sci-fi fans . Also , the standards for 7th graders in the U.S. can meet their standards by reading this book.An essay of this book can be found at :[ ... -RSB-
 The story overall was great . The setting however may be confusing at first . The symbolism is very interesting but again , hard to understand .
 This book is a gem , the best book that I 've ever read . I did n't have the opportunity to read it in school and decided to check it out . I now have a little paper in my wallet that I carry with me everywhere . This paper has quotes for the novel . My personal favorite . While most of these quotes are disturbing , because they 're just so close to the truth , they are brilliant . Mr. Bradbury 's descriptions and vocabualry usages are amazing.He wrote this book 50 years ago -LRB- 52 -RRB- yet he still managed to get so close to the truth . Back then , TV was a new thing and Mr. Bradbury sensed that there was something wrong with it . His future has TV as a replacement for books , books being outlawed and firemen starting fires instead of putting them out to destroy books . Mr. Bradbury probably feared that something like this might happen and decided to put his thoughts down first.While books still exist now and are n't outlawed , much more people would prefer watching Wheel of Fortune or going to see a useless movie at the theatre like Mr and Mrs. Smith . One thing that struck me was that there are over 5 million copies of this book in print . A lot , right ? Not really if you think about it . While this book has been out for over 50 yrs , movies make 200 million dollars in 3 or 4 months getting a huge amount of US 's population attending them.Mr . Bradbury makes TV something that everyone has in his future , like it is now . He has the TV 's taking up an entire wall and certain characters are begging for another wall . Picture it , a giant wall , a TV screen . Now , how far is that from the truth ? Now we have those giant plasma TVs and the ones litteraly attached to the wall . How sad.In his future , the U.S. is the big dog , starting wars with other countries because they can.This future is full of violence and hostility , but one man will stand up to it . The last 40-50 pages of the book are pure genius with some of the most memeorable lines ever.Mr . Bradbury has made a classic , my personal favortite book , a wrok fiction that could easily be mistaken for a work of non fiction . So tonight , instead of watching Mr. and Mrs. Smith , why do n't you pick this gem out . I 'm sure that everyone in the U.S ahs heard of it , but I bet that a much fewer number has read it ... if they had n't been forced to at least .
 It is an interesting thing to review an american classic , and furthermore to review a book by an literary legend . That being said , it is apparent to anyone who has read the novel of why exactly it is a classic . Bradbury is among those authors from the golden age of science fiction writing . The early to mid 20th century saw a surge of scifi writers , the most prominent standing out from among the crowd to bestow upon us today 's required readings . No sarcasm there , infact moreso enthusiasm . Huxley , Orwell , and Bradbury -LRB- and the even earlier Wells -RRB- have all produced standing classics which are used by many facilities to teach . It is truly a wonderful thing.Bradbury 's book begins with a recount of the passion and the draw to burning . As a foreshadow , thiese paragraphs seek to write about a fireman in a futuristic dystopian society -LRB- dystopian in the quality of mental freedom -RRB- . The society has , over time , allowed provisions to be made that completely cut out freedom of thought . However , the frightening thing deals with how they do this . Instead of just restricting books and other forms of published media , they have distracted the general public by means of electronic trickery . An advanced and much more frightening form of brainwash , the citizens are too caught up with `` their family '' -LRB- the referred is actually those on the television , whom they 've become so ingrained with that they spend most of the day watching -RRB- to care about much else . This works for most , but not all , as humannature dictates . There are those behind the scenes , taking care of the dirty work.Enter Guy Montag , a fireman with the local fire department . Unlike modern convention , firemen in this futuristic nightmare are set out to burn the aformentioned media . They carry bottle of kerosene , the adversary to their predecessors , and threaten to burn anyone who posesses printed literature . However , Montag dissents when he reads a book that he swiped and he begins to slowly support those who he has hunted for the past years . His captain , Beatty , is a fierce man with a sharp wit . He completely understands Montag 's position , as he has lived it , however he sides strongly with the belief that books are the root of all evil and that by destroying them , the government is doing the people a favor . He twists the situation of brainwash into sounding almost appeasing.Bradbury wrote the book in an amazing fashion . Taken from the life of `` he who burns the books '' -LRB- or the character who 's job creates the actual problem -RRB- , the story follows Montag into his general dissent and being hunted by those he previously worked for . Bradbury uses an amalgam of characters to shape our perception of this world , everything from the foundation upon his societal institution was based to the hidden war that is being waged . Without giving away too much information , it is sufficient to say that the conflict is resolves in a satisfying manner . One would suspect that such an occurence would happen during the upstart of such a ruled society , and I was pleased to see it concluded in that manner .
 An excellent read , thrilling and provocative . Ray Bradbury is one of my favorite authors because of his superior ability to convey detail . I began this book thinking it was n't all that good but to my surprise I loved it and it is now one of my favorite books . It was a good book because the writing was engrossing and there was alot of action , he made the characters come alive and you could imagine them in your head as you were reading and play a sort of movie in your mind . The way Ray Bradbury views his future from 50 years ago is not that far off and is a bit frightening . Even though it was a great book I only wished it could have lasted longer . After the city was blown up it ended right there and left you wanting more . I also enjoyed reading about the futuristic gadgets and devices they used such as the Mechanical Hound , Seashell Radios and the Parlor . Overall I would suggest this book to anyone despite their taste I strongly feel no matter what kind of books you like this will appeal to you .
 I read this book one day on a long bus ride . At first it was just something to do , but soon it became more . It is a very fascinating novel , especially when considering that it was written 50 years ago . Bradbury 's view of the future is actually not that far off , in my opinion . The book is very thought-provoking and it makes you think . I also appreciate that it is written in a deeper matter , a characteristic of a true classic . I can understand that perhaps the fact of this being required to read at many schools might turn many students off to the book , but personally , I enjoyed reading it for pleasure .
 Farenheit 451 surprised me how good it was and how quickly i read through it . The idea of firemen not putting out fires but starting fires got my attention and held it . The way that Bradbury saw the future also kind of scared me , that people were killed all the time and no one noticed or even cared , but somehow this society was supposed to be perfect . The Mechanical Hound was something that also interested me , the perfect hunter . Something that can find the genetic make-up of your body and store it and then whenever you need to be killed , can track you down and finish the job . The only thing i could change about the book is to make it a little longer . After the city is bombed it just ends . I was hoping Montag would find Faber and the story would continue , but it did n't . Even though this book was really short i enjoyed reading it and was always ready to see what would happen next
 The message is clear.Burn the words to cover-up and control society through censorship - vs - the fire for warmth , and light for learning . Let the people make up their own minds as to which helps or hinders them.Truth , actually keeps a society in a better position -LRB- no-matter how much it seems to hurt in the present -RRB- than any ideal forward pushing utopian lies ... It is a great book , and Ray 's real purpose/philosophy point blankly shines in the later chapters.Thats my broadbrushstroked opinion . Amazon does not offer fine lines concerning gold stars . If they did , I would rate it 4.625
 I 've heard so many people say they 've been influenced by Bradbury -LRB- writers and others -RRB- and I can see why -- this is simply a great novel . Bradbury is really a national treasure . If you ever get the chance to hear him speak , do n't miss him . His stories are priceless . -LRB- Especially the one about his anger at people telling him for years that he was crazy to believe man would set foot on the moon in his lifetime . He said he called up every person who laughed in his face the night Neil Armstrong did -- and pretty much laughed in their faces ! -RRB- There is a fantastic one-on-one interview with him in the Walt Disney Tomorrowland-Disney in Space and Beyond DVD -LRB- interviewer is Leonard Maltin -RRB- . His friendship with Disney -LRB- a fellow futurist -RRB- was fascinating . But it 's the sense of wonder and child-like curiosity and optimism -LRB- not childish or blind optimism as he clearly understands what can create a dystopia -RRB- that make you realize why he is a national treasure . He 's inspired me to look to the future , to look up , to look forward , to always be wary and alert to what can go wrong , -LRB- and the dangers of closed or lazy minds -RRB- BUT not to let any of that stop you -- that anything is possible in a world willing to believe , in a free world with open and curious minds .
 Fahrenheit 451Ali ** 13 yrs old H.A.S.F :451 was an enjoyable book yet it was also hard to read . I thought it was a very intresting society , it seemed as if peopple were always rushing . I thought that the mechanical hound was pretty cool , that they could put anyone 's DNA in it , and it could go after them . THis book had many symbols such as , fire , books , phoinex , beetle , and more . I hope that in the future this will never happen in our society , talking to the TV , come on people ! We need books !
 I personally enjoyed Fahrenheit 451 very much . I do think that Bradbury 's writing style is unique and packs a lot into a small amount of space , but I disagree that the aesthetic qualities are the highlight of his writing . I think that the ideas behind the story are what makes the book so compelling.I also disagree that the book is lacking due to a missing thick plot . I think that the lack of petty details about how exactly the society is set up or functions helps both the author and the reader to remain focused on the ideas . I think that there is a clear enough explanation for the way in which the society went from not being interested in books to burning them . As time passed more advanced forms of technology replaced reading as the mainstream form of entertainment , and people were less attached to books . Then the government that is in place at the time the story is told takes over , and decides to have all books burned . Not all people in the novel burn books , only the firefighters , and the whole thing is very regulated by the government . The government makes this decision to get rid of the possibility of people gaining knowledge pertaining to ideas about revolutions , and better ways of life . This way the people will blindly accept the government , and be content even though their lives lack any real relationships.The story is an exaggeration of problems Bradbury sees in society and of fears of what could happen in the future . It forces the reader to think about how we spend our time , how much we really know or do n't know , and how much is within our control .
 In this book i found it very interesting how the book just progresses through every thing in an instant im a matter of a snap of the fingers and nothing else in the story matters but Guy Montag himself . For example there would be a girl and she would just com into play but then the auther just kills her off and the ending i found was just a stop to leave you wonder what would happen if the auther finished it off . Overall this book was very good as the story goes on you get into it and why write a book about burnning books ? : -RRB-
 Ray Bradbury combines controversy with a touch of suspense in his novel Fahrenheit 451 . In the future where `` firemen '' burn books and the houses they are in , the conflict between rescuing the past and burning it comes to life . Guy Montag , a `` fireman , '' struggles with his everyday life of burning books , and the life that the next-door neighbor , seventeen-year-old Clarisse , introduces into his mind . Captain Beatty , the fire chief , tries to convince Montag that the life of burning books is the only way to go , that is until Montag meets another `` book saver '' , a retired college professor , who helps him decide what is right . Bradbury 's conflicts between wrong and right are those that have been handed down over generations and will be for generations to come . Morals take over in this battle of instinct and actuality , as Montag joins a group to try and save the books of the world . From adventurous chases to confidential meetings , this book will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very last page .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury takes place far in the future in the suburbs of a big city . The name of the main character is Guy Montag and he is a fireman , but instead of putting out fires he lights them . In his society books are banned . If anyone is found to be keeping these illegal objects , their houses are burned down . Montag meets a girl named Clarisse , and she makes him question what he does every day . The main conflict begins when Montag begins to steal books and hide them in his house . He realizes how important they are and what the government is hiding from its people . He is immediately motivated to do something about this . He seeks the help of Faber , a book-keeper who Montag knows about but never reported . Faber is not at all hopeful , but he agrees to help Montag preserve books . Together they read books and store the words in their minds , saving the information for later.In Fahrenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury describes things by gshowingh instead of gtellingh . On page 75 , Bradbury describes being inside the virtual parlor , which is surrounded by video screens . gHe was a victim of concussion . When it was all over he felt like a man who had been thrown from a cliff , whirled in a centrifuge and spat out over a waterfall that fell and fell into emptiness and emptiness and never-quite-touched-bottom-no-never-never-quite touched bottom . The thunder faded . The music died.h This is a very interesting book , but most of it is fairly depressing . It is all about the government controlling what people think . gfWhatfs going on?f Montag had rarely seen that many house lights . eOh , just my mother and father and uncle sitting around , talking . Itfs like being a pedestrian , only rarer . My uncle was arrested another timedid I tell you?for being a pedestrian . Oh , wefre most peculiar.f eBut what do you talk about?fh This quote shows how deprived the society is of anything that actually means something . This book was written on experiences that Ray Bradbury had like actually being stopped by the police for walking . The one thing that makes this book different from other science fiction is that the plot of Fahrenheit 451 is so believable that it seems like we are in danger of it happening.Fahrenheit 451 carries some valuable lessons . The largest message in the book is that we should not let books become obsolete . Even if we use the Internet and watch TV more and more , we should still read books and value them because , as Faber says , gBooks donft tell things , they tell the meaning of things.h He also says that books are not important , but that they are just a receptacle for things we are afraid we might forget . This is a reoccurring theme that appears throughout this excellent book .
 Guy Montag is a fireman who job it is to start fires instead of stoping the . In this backwards world of his he burns books and the houses that they are hidden in . In this future world reading a book is against the law because it gives peoples ideas . Guy never qustioned his job until he actually thinks what it would be like to read a book ... I never never really thought what our world would be like with no books , but now that I think about it I ca n't believe how monotonous and boring it would be . Now that I think about it I am glad I dont live in a world like Guy Montag 's . This book has become on of my favorites and I highly recomend you read it !
 Fahrenheit 451 came out over 50 years ago , first as a novella called The Fireman -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , and finally in its full novel form -LRB- 1953 -RRB- . In those days we were probably most concerned with censorship from the right . Now , the liberals who advocated free speech at Berkeley have taken up the cause to tell us what we can say , so as not to offend anyone . So the First Amendment risks assault from both ends . One way to solve the problem is for us all to develop thick skins . If somebody calls me a bad name , why should I spend my time complaining and give the impression that my ego is a basket case ? -LRB- Now physical assault is another thing . No First Amendment protection there . -RRB- Ray Bradbury 's Coda is at the end of newer editions of his book . This is a valuable addition that gives specifics on some of the problems mentioned above.But there is something lacking in the newer editions . When Ballantine published the first edition in 1953 , they included two short stories at the end , `` The Playground '' and `` And The Rock Cried Out . '' These have since been excluded and are not easily found elsewhere . They are excellent stories , and I hope that someday Del Rey will consider reinstating them . For this reason , I now rate the book a 4 rather than its deserved 5 .
 The book talked about important themes that changed my perspective on life . Guy Montag 's world was nothing but bizarre rules that covered up the past . One important part of the story was the fear of change . The society was against him for his attempt to find out the truth . Killing his fellow firefighter , Beatty , caused him to see that he wanted to die . Quote
 Guy Montag is a personification of the human spirit . In this story he is given a new insight by a young babbling teenage girl , Clarisse . With this sudden and mysterious revelation , Montag begins to see that the world around him is very synthetic , no can think about what they feel or feel what they are thinking - only the now exists and no concern for actions or consequences . Montag is centered and yet torn between two archetypes , Captain Beatty and Professor Faber . Beatty is an evil and heartless intellectual barbarian , a man possessing an illegal library in his home and claiming to not read a page of it . He is without a doubt a coward hiding behind brute force , whether it be by tongue or kerosene . Then there is Faber , a kind and fearful man who provides sanctuary for Montag . Bradbury puts you behind Montag 's eyes and tells the story by letting you experience his life .
 This book pulled me in , and spoke to me . It 's chilling how well Bradbury was able to make such an obvious stance , yet still write a beautiful , well rounded novel . This is a book that I hope everyone reads , it makes you a better person . It makes you want to do good in the world . I think Bradbury wants people to ignore things like television , and sit around with one another and talk , debate , discuss . Ironically , this is a book that forces the reader to do just that , perhaps Bradbury 's greatest feat.Absolutely timeless novel , 5 stars .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is an intelligent story filled with adventure and suspense . It takes you on a journey through the development of Guy Montag , a man who is fed up with a corrupt system . What I like most about this book is the writing style of the author . I find it incredible the way he can capture the way the characters are feeling . For example ; `` He saw himself in her eyes , suspended in two shining drops of bright water . Himself dark and tiny , in final detail , the lines about his mouth , everything there , as if her eyes were two miraculous bits of violet amber that might capture and hold him intact . '' Page 7 . It 's almost as if Bradbury is writing poetry , but it is not to the extent that he is rambling on aimlessly.The theme of this book is rebellion . The story fallows Guy Montag through his path of change from being part of the system to a leader of a rebellion against it . Slowly but surely , Montag discovered more and more things that aid his transformation into an independent man . I fully agree with Montag 's decision to rebel and I Truly look up to him for his bravery in doing what some thought to be impossible . His actions relate closely to my life because I as well , am not the kind of person who is willing to do what I am told to do unless I agree with it and find it worthwhile , so if someone tries to force me to do something against my beliefs , I will fight them to the fullest extent.I would defiantly recommend this book to anyone out there that is either ; looking for a futuristic drama , into sci-fi , or simply just anyone looking for a good read . I recommend this book because at first , it did not look to appealing to me , but after about 45 pages into it I realized that the good characters , interesting story line , and a whole new way to look at the world and government . I know that if you give this book a chance , it will completely change the way you look at such things as limits by the government , literature , and relationships . Fahrenheit 451 is a well-rounded page-turner that pushes the limits of our minds and expands our knowledge of the cruelty of the world around us .
 Everyone seems to think this book is about censorship . I do n't really think this is the case . 451 is a book about what books should be about . Books should inspire us to think , to challenge ourselves . The best poetry should make us cry -LRB- so , too , should the worst but for other reasons . -RRB- Books should make us question our society and it 's assumed intrinsic goodness.John Cheever said , in his Pulitzer acceptance speech , that books , maybe , could prevent nuclear war . Bradbury , too , makes this point in the speeches of the wandering academics Montag meets at the end of 451 . If you 're interested in reading a book with a purpose , with a meaning -- a book which strives to show us where we could go and the bad we could do -- read 451 and let yourself question the status quo .
 I 'm not going to summarize the book . I 'm not going to tell you how Guy Montag feels , how his wife feels , how those people on the screens that cover three walls feel . I 'm just going to tell you how I feel . And the way I feel is this
 Since I do n't want to give away all the details of the book I will try to be as descriptive as possible . The book open with humans , as a whole , not remembering the way life used to be . In a time when there were books , schools , and maybe most important of all , the freedom of speech . You first meet the main character Guy Montag after one of his work shifts . He is a fireman , but not the type of fireman that we would think of today . In this case , he is a fireman who starts fires . In the world in which he lives , owning books is a highly punishable offense . In this case , firemen arrive at reported libraries with tankers full of kerosene and light the books and the homes of the book owners on fire . This usually takes place at night to make a good show for those who enjoy to watch . The same people who owned the books will also be arrested . However , most of these so called `` radicals '' who own the books decide to be burned along with them . In any case , Guy enjoys his work and never seems to give the mass destruction too much thought . That all changes , however , when he meets a girl named Clarisse . She talks with him about the way the world used to be and it starts making him wonder about things . Eventually he begins sneaking books out of the fires . Of course this type of behavior is going to get noticed and he has to go on the run and ends up turning on his society and his role in it . He later finds a home in a wasteland outside of the city with other educated people who take him in and watch as the city is blown to bits in a techno-war that lasts only three minutes . In my view this was a pretty good book . It was entertaining and a short read . Some of the themes like drive by terrorism , the large amount of entertainment , and the fast vehicles make a point that not all technological progress is useful . On top of it all the story basically ends on a good note because all of the controlling ways of life are destroyed and the educated can now build a free world that once existed .
 If you like books that you do n't need a dictionary by your side , or it does n't take three months to read then , fahrenheit 451 is a book for you.Guy Montag is a fireman who burns books in a futuristic American city . In this society fireman start fires instead of putting them out . The people in this society do n't even read books they are consumed by tv and radio . There 's one problem though Guy likes books.Throughout the story Guy 's life is a plagued by disturbing events like his wife 's attempted suicide , a crazy lady that would rather be burned alive than have her books burned , and to top it all off his friend Clarisse is hit by a speeding car and killed . This was devastating to Guy because she opened his eyes to the emptiness of his life . This is when Guy questioned the duties of his job.Other exciting events in the story are when Guy does n't show up for work one day and his boss Beatty pays him a visit . Upon his arrival Beatty discovers that Guy has been hoarding books from the fires to read . Beatty tells him that he can keep the books for one night and after that he has to turn them in for burning . Guy begins one long night of reading . Overwhelmed by this task he turns to his wife for help , but she 's more interested in tv . He pays a man Dr.Faber a visit , Faber agrees to help him.The next day Montag goes to the fire station and hands over one of his books to Beatty for incineration . Then the alarm sounds and they rush off for another book burning . When Montag gets there he realizes it 's his own house . His wife betrayed him . Beatty forces him to burn down the house himself.Once he is done he turns the flamethrower on Beatty and kills him , then he manages to escape the other firemen and the big mechanical dogs.If you want to know what happens next you 'll just have to read the book because a review should n't give away the ending . So if any of this sounded interesting I suggest you pick up a copy of fahrenheit 451 and read it , you wo n't be dissapointed.After reading this brief introduction to this book you would understand why I gave it a near perfect score , it 's action packed with adventure , and it 's easy to understand . What more could you ask for ?
 The book is , from an analytical standpoint , about the meaning of life , values and the reactions of people . The book begins with the main character , Montag , as you will realize he lives the life of the classical fireman . He burns books because it is what he is paid to do , he goes home to his wife that , since they have no children , sits around and watches T.V. all day , and is completely brainwashed by the society . Montag then encounters a girl , named Clarise , who thinks about the world and he wonders . Not too much later he goes to see a professor who helps him to think , himself , and in so doing puts Montag against the society that he was the idealist for not so long ago.This book can be analyzed as an insight to the meaning of life for the different characters have such contrasted views as to what the true meaning of life is . First of all there is Montag the protagonist of the story , he changes his meaning of life from , work at my job , that is n't too bad , so I can support my wife and she can be happy . Then contrastingly to what I considered as my view on life before is flawed , because my wife is n't really happy ; for two reasons , first she almost kills herself , without thinking much of it , and , second she does n't understand how to think so she really ca n't be that happy anyway . This leads him to think that his purpose in life is to try and enlighten some part of the society to induce thought and maybe make people really happy instead of the temporary solutions they use all day long . The second character that is the general view you get on the people in society is Mildred , who is basically every average housewife . Mildred is a living zombie of absolute brainwashed stupidity , she really is n't capable of her own thought and she thinks she is happy , since she ca n't really think for herself and their is n't much material around about the meaning of life , she really does n't have a view , but her character , or moreover what she represents matters to the story and how life is viewed by general people . The third person that shows the meaning of life that is generally accepted is that if you please your superiors you have done your job in life , this character is captain Beatty . Beatty is an interesting character he knows what Montag knows that books let people think , he has also read many but he utterly supports the government without objection or dispute . He knows what the government wants ; yet he agrees and he tries to convince Montag that he is right and the government is right and he is doing what must be done . These three characters show contrasted views of three beliefs on the meaning of life , or what is good.Values are shown vividly in the book , there are different values shown , such as knowledge , material , and thought . The first example is the night call to the house where the woman burns with her books ; this exemplifies value in knowledge . This is shown in what the books represent to her , she has such value in the knowledge , which the books contain , and value in the importance of this she does n't feel she can live after they have been burned . The second instance where value is shown is in Mildred , and her value of material , in this case her parlor . The scene where this is most relevant is when Montag comes to burn the house , she complains more about her parlor as she goes away than she does about her husband who will be sent to jail . The third time value is shown though this is in no order is in Clarise . The value she represents is thought , she values thought without even having to try , she values it because her family values thought and she is fed on thought and conversation ; throughout her life by her uncle and parents she is thought the value and meaning of thought , and so she expresses this value.The reactions of people are also in the theme of this book , for many times this is shown . The different reactions I will discuss are
 The story , Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is about an alternate society set in the future where cars travel 100 miles per hour , TV walls interact with people and books are banned . Guy Montag is an enthusiastic fireman , who enjoys pouring kerosene over books and burning them and the entire house . In this society , firemen do not put out fires . They start them.I thoroughly enjoyed reading Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury . This book was action-packed and involved a lot of good writing . For example there were many metaphors in this book . They helped to connect Montag 's society to ours , and show the frightening similarities between the two.Mildred Montag is Guy Montag 's wife . She is an example of the people the government wants to create . Mildred is shallow and cares more about her possessions than about herself or her husband . Also , Mildred never shows interest in what Montag has to say . She regards him as an annoying younger brother rather than her husband . Mildred is the stereotypical housewife of this time period . She values all the things her society does . She seems to not think for herself , and only knows what the society wants her to know.In the beginning of this book , Montag seems perfectly content with his life and his job . He says it is a pleasure when he burns people 's houses . He loves the smell of kerosene that comes from his job , and ` wears it like a perfume ' . Then one day Montag meets a girl named Clarrise McClean , and his life changes forever.Clarrise is a peculiar girl for the time period . She thinks . She enjoys smelling the leaves in fall , staying up late at night talking and watching the stars . Clarrise seems like a girl that came from our time period and was placed in Montag 's . The norm for teenagers in this book is to play video games , play sports , and kill each other . There are many gangs in this society and often innocent teenagers are shot . Also , teenagers like to drive their cars hundreds of miles per hour to see how many people they can run off the road . If a pedestrian were to be crossing the street in this society , they would most definitely be killed . However , no one walks anywhere . Rather , they take the subway or they drive to wherever they need to go . Pedestrians are seen as weird and are often watched by the police to make sure they do n't do anything illegal.When Montag meets Clarrise and talks to her , he immediately wants to know more about her . She is unusual to him , and he likes that . Montag loves the way Clarrise does n't care about what anyone else thinks of her . Clarrise teaches Montag to question society when the society seems wrong.The day after Montag met Clarrise , the firemen were called to a site where there were books in need of burning . Montag seemed detached from the routine that usually captured his every waking hour . The firemen were at the house of a woman who had hidden books in her attic . When the other firemen were pouring kerosene over the books , getting ready to burn them Montag stole one . He put the offensive book under his jacket and in doing so saved it from being burnt.When Montag got home he revealed to Mildred the stolen book . He opened up the air vent in his room and exposed 20 more books ! Mildred was horrified , and gathered the books so she could burn them in her incinerator . Montag ordered Mildred to stop and said he wanted to read the books . He reasoned the authors must have spent their whole lives writing a book and therefore the books must be worth reading . Some people were willing to die for the ideas and opinions in these books , and Montag wanted to figure out why.Mildred , like most of the society , took no interest in Montag 's books . She knew that if she did , she could be sent to jail . Mildred did not want to risk ruining her reputation , or loosing her house and TV walls . After Montag realized that Mildred would be of no help to him , he decided to talk to someone . Montag needed someone who would be aware of what he was going through , and could help him understand the books . Montag recalled an elderly man , by the name of Faber , he met in the park years ago . Faber told Montag that he was once a literary professor and he loved books . Montag went to Faber 's house to visit him there . He brought with him one of his stolen books ; the Bible.Faber eventually helped Montag in his quest to change the society . He told him that this could n't be done quickly , but rather after a long period of time . Montag and Faber then began to discuss a plan to change society 's views . They decided to place copies of books in firemen 's homes . Then they would have the homes burnt . This would cause unease within the system and hopefully cause its demise.This book is about a society similar to ours . They have censored everything possibly offesive , thus only keeping the facts . The society is terrified of stepping on the toes of minorities for fear that they will rebel . They believe the bigger your market , the less you have to handle controversy . The public does n't want to read anything that might offend someone . This aspect of Montag 's society sounds frighteningly like ours . People watch what they say in public so as not to offend anyone . Montag 's society grew to hate books because they might cause an uprising . What their society wanted above all , was for everyone to be happy . The story of Fahrenheit 451 is of the coming of age of Guy Montag . It is about his heroic efforts to restore civilization to it 's thinking . This was an astounding book , and it is great for people who like action , controversy , and to think about life .
 I read Fahrenheit 451 at school . Before I picked it my Mom was telling me how she enjoyed reading the book before me , so naturally me being a teenager assumed that the book was going to be stupid , but I got it anyway . It turned out that Fahrenheit 451 was one of the most enjoyable books I 've ever read . It 's true to life sci-fi theme puts me in the future world as depicted by Ray Bradbury where firemen are paid to start fires instead of put them out . I read the book once before but the second time around was much better . Allot of details in the book were overlooked by me the first time . It captures the decay of modern day literature to technological advances such as television and amplifies it with a sci-fi twist to the point where literature is forbidden . The reader follows the character montag through the story as the reluctant firemen begins to long for literature . His wife is addicted to television so she does n't really help him with his self-esteem . He meets a man named Faber who helps him learn more about literature while his secret still remains kept . Eventually he ends up with a choice between his job and his life . A problems with this book is as follows ; If literature is forbidden how to they teach children ? Overall It was a good book and if you have n't read it yet I 'd recommend that you do .
 Update
 The novel `` Fahrenheit 451 '' by Ray Bradbury takes its name from the temperature at which books burn . The story takes place in the future and it follows the life of a fireman called Montag . Fireman in our current time have the job of putting out fires . In the time period that Montag lives , fireman make fires , burning collections of books since reading books in that time has been outlawed.Ray Bradbury 's book is a welcomed defense of book reading that is still relevant considering that many young people only read books because their English teacher assigned them for class . The novel `` Fahrenheit 451 '' also champions the free press . At one point in the novel , it is explained to Montag by his boss Beatty that the opinions argued in books led to more arguments and that it was best to not allow people to read in order to avoid arguments.As the book progresses Montag becomes more and more disenchanted with his job as a book burning fireman . On top of a defense of literature , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' also makes a fulfilled prediction that people in the future will sit around with earphones listening to music all the time -LRB- in the novel the earphones are made of seashells -RRB- . Sound familiar .
 This is the story of how , in a future time when books are outlawed , a man goes from burning books to preserving them . It 's a cautionary tale , as well as the story of a dynamic human being.I had tried to read this book several times in the past and was never able to get past the first few chapters . The very thought of burning books made me cry , and although I was relatively sure that it picked up from there , I had to put it down several times . The work postulates that books are necessary for three very important reasons
 The book seemed to be a very interesting . It showed me a picture of the future if the government would not be controlled by the people and books would be banned from reading which would make the people be equal . This would be a problem because there would be bad leaders and people would not be very happy about it . I liked how Montag was standing up for the people which were connected with the books to help them out because he could not believe how the world was run by people who wanted to control the people and rule the country until they die . I learned from Montag that you need to do some courageous things to make this go better and live on a side to spread the word of books which might be passed on and on until the people understand that reading is good for people and people should be smarter in order to have strong leaders not leaders that want everyone to be equal and not allow to do things they want and whenever they want . The books would allow the people to show their emotion and to get over stuff that was difficult to deal with and they also teach us new stuff and expand our knowledge . The literature was banned in the society in which Montag lived because the leaders wanted them equal .
 The book was recieved in a really well condition . I will order from them again if I need another book !! Although the book is not your everyday entertainment its still good for school assignments .
 Very little in the way of review is required for this classic novel , given that its content and themes are so well known . I will , however , attempt to give a response to this monumental work.Fahrenheit 451 addresses the subject of censorship by depicting a society in which books are forbidden . The destruction -LRB- by fire -RRB- of any books discovered represents a form of social control which is , essentially , a distortion of utilitarian ethics . The fire chief , Captain Beatty , explains to the novel 's primary character , Montag , that the work of a `` fireman '' is to assure happiness for the many . Utilitarianism , of the kind promoted by John Stewart Mill and Jeremy Bentham , judges the ethical correctness of any action according to whether or not it produces the greatest happiness for the greatest number of people . The character of Beatty argues that books have a disruptive influence on society
 I read `` Fahrenheit 451 '' by Ray Bradbury a long while ago , but then I 've read it again and watched the movie I could n't say how many times . It 's one of those stories you can read , or view , over again . The story is placed in a futuristic society where books are banned and firemen set fire to them wherever they 're found . What brings this story back to prominence , for me anyway , is the gradual cessation of printing that has begun as a result of the evolution of electronics . And many schools are also no longer teaching children script . Where might it all end . I remarked to a friend recently about just this situation and she responded with
 This is said to be the temperature at which books ignite . The concept of the novel was satirical . The book was set in a sort of parallel universe or alternate reality that says that a government has taken over , which has outlawed books and goes into people 's homes and sets the books on fire . There is a law against books even in schools , this seems insane , and the backlash to an idea such as this is the current popularity of books today then the alternative to books , would be the ebook .
 This book is one of my favorites . I have read it through three times now and love it every time . The interesting changes of the future , but steady curiosity of the main character kept me wondering . A splendid story .
 The narration is more cerebral than story-driven even though Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is one engaging dystopian thriller . What continually surprises me , as well as countless other reviewers , is how prophetic the novel has become . Predicting the future , even only for the sake of story , has a tendency to unravel a novel 's relevancy if enough years pass since the original publication . Even that 's putting it softly . A novel about the future will cease to matter UNLESS , as in the case of Fahrenheit 451 , the story ages in a state of becoming mostly true.My favorite bit of wisdom came from the author 's afterward of the particular edition I was reading . To summarize , he commented that people of all ages and all creeds have the potential and often do engage in the act of book burning without ever lighting a single match .
 The plot of this book is based on the future and it 's difference from the past . Perhaps the greatest difference is books and how people see them . Guy Montag is a fireman who realizes the significance of books . The twist is however ; his occupation involves burning books because people are afraid of them.This novel has very interesting significance because it uses symbolism to give important lesson in knowledge . Books and knowledge . Books and knowledge are what gives us freedom.Learning that we take thoughts for granted is what makes Ray Bradbury such a great author . He managed to give a plot with a sudden turn into the jaw dropping conclusion of Fahrenheit 451 . Using symbolic words and quotes of characters , he gets his message out loud and clear.After reading Fahrenheit 451 and learning about how much freedom every person has , Ray Bradbury 's words are descriptive and share an important moral about life that the decisions we make can affect everyone else .
 I am not a science fiction fan in the least , but this is such a classic - how can you NOT like it ? It speaks volumes on the way things are today even . I so respect the author 's views and thoughts on life and censorship . I think it should make us all pause and consider our own lives and if we 're living them to the fullest and grabbing it by the horns !
 Just finished Fahrenheit 451 this past week after reading it well over 5 years ago in 7th grade . Back then I thought it was a nice little book to read but unfortunately missed all of the key messages that Ray Bradbury was addressing in our society today .5 years later , I picked this book up again and was blown away again by the story itself and what I missed years ago.Guy Montag is a fire fighter in the non-traditional sense . The setting is an age where houses have been fireproofed not against house fires but against their own fire departments.Books are banned in this society , an atomic war is looming over the heads of the city , and above all of this is the agony that Guy Montag must face as he makes a decision on questioning the same job he has faithfully executed year after year.This novel is both fascinating and unnerving with the same turn of a page . A future where movies and television -LRB- parlors -RRB- block out all of our problems instead of addressing them could very well happen one day . A future where books are no longer useful in a society dominated by the entertainment value of Hollywood.A fine read if you ever get the chance to pick up this novelTravis S
 Ok , I saw the movie `` Fahrenheit 9/11 '' and I thought it was well-made -LRB- even though I did n't agree with most of the content -RRB- . So , the next day I hear that Ray Bradbury -LRB- the author of this novel -RRB- is furious at Michael Moore for stealing his title . The name sounded really catchy and this dispute sounded like it could brew into a controversy between Moore and Bradbury . Also , I wanted to see what the whole thing was about since they label it a classic.So , I picked up the book and I was blown away . This book is really short yet it is so intriguing . It 's basically about this guy who is in a futuristic time where the government does not allow people to read books . If you are caught with them , they have a special crew of `` firefighters '' who go and torch your books -LRB- hence Fahrenheit 451
 I was a Ray Brudbury fan for a long time before I finally picked up this book . I have to say , while it is a brilliant piece of utopian literature and should be required reading , the fact that Bradbury threw it together on a pay typewriter in a public library shows . The underlying point of the book comes across sharp and clear , but at the expense of much of what is quintessential Bradbury . His deep probings of character and deep pools of thought are whisked away to make room for a fast-paced story that in my own opinion could have been at least twice as long . Anyhow , let Farenheit 451 be your door into Bradbury 's world , and when you 're done pick up Something Wicked or Dandelion Wine , find your way to the Illustrated Man or the October country and you 'll find Bradbury 's real treasure
 Though I was long familiar with many of Bradbury 's works , I had put off reading Fahrenheit 451 in favor of other books until a friend lent it to me recently . After finishing it , I 'm angry with myself for having taken so long to pick it up . This book is a fantastic tale of a future society that abandons intellectual development and destroys its books . Like all great literature , it offers insight into our society today despite having been written over a half-century ago , and it continues to reward reading today.This book is more than a seminal work of dystopian literature , however ; it is also one of the most elegant meditations on the value of literature in modern society that I have ever read . In envisioning a society that destroys books , Bradbury has to explain what is lost as a result . His answer , as we see in Faber 's expositions during Montag 's visit , is the exact thing which makes this book worth reading - the insights we gain into our own world and our own lives through reading . Integral to this process , of course , is the fact that people must read them and put what they take from them to good use for a society to thrive ; as Bradbury notes , the first step towards the world of his novel was taken when people stopped reading . It is this message which makes this book essential reading , especially in a society where entertainment today bears an ever-closer resemblance to the noise-dominated media depicted in Bradbury 's nightmarish future .
 If you are only going to get one Bradbury novel this should be it . There are many reviews about the plot , so I will not go into that . The story is one of the greatest ever told . Bradbury is very adamant on his views of education and reading and writing . This book proves that our ability to express feelings would be lostwithout writing . Get this book , but with some caution . It may seem a bit boring at first , but once you read it a few times you will grow to love it . A great work of art should not be very acessible , and this is a great work of art .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a futuristic story of the dark ages . Guy Montag , a fireman with the job of burning books , sees a problem with book burning after meeting a nonconformist neighborhood girl . Ultimately , this leads Montag on a path which encourages him to discover books . While he was told books are nonsensical and useless , he discovers their beauty . Montag rebels , destroying his own home and killing the fire chief . As a fugitive , he ends up on the outskirts of the city when a war destroys his former homeland . The insinuation is that the book keepers who live outside the city will bring about the end of the dark age , rebuilding civilization.Bradbury 's futuristic society is effective because he creates a thorough picture of the future . In the same breath , I think the scenario is realistic because people do not read as often as they once did . It made me think about the likelihood of a new dark age.The story starts off slowly . Montag seems to have an unhealthy obsession with the young girl . But as the story develops , more conflicts are evident . As a consequence , the story flows more smoothly . I particularly enjoyed the police chase . The mechanical hounds seemed very realistic . They would seem to be such an effective crime fighting tool for this day and age.I would suggest this book is a classic . If you enjoyed `` 1984 '' , `` Brave New World '' , or `` Animal Farm '' for the ideas they stood for , you should enjoy this book .
 Before I decided to read this novel , I knew one thing and one thing only about this book , and that was that it was about burning books for some reason . Now that I have read it , I am blown away by how this was written and how thought out it was.The novel starts out set in the future , the main character and the protagonist in this case is a man by the name of Guy Montag . Montag takes great pleasure in his profession , which is a fireman . I like how his job is not to put the fires out but to start them . The fires they start are the burning of contraband , which in this case are books . You are n't allowed to read in the future because reading causes people to think by making them curious and the government jams what they want you to think down your throat . Which is n't too different with today 's society , with the video games and television , the reading of books is decreasing , causing people to become less educated . Now a day 's television programs force feed you their biased opinions which I think is n't too different from what Bradbury describes . The reality they live in is n't a pretty one . Drivers instead of having a maximum speed limit , have a minimum one . This forces them to drive at blazing speeds and they actually run people over for fun and wars come and go numerously which is absolutely insane.Montag soon becomes bored with his job and his life in general . He steals a book from the collection he was supposed to burn as a means to lower his increasing uneasiness . This leads up to my absolute favorite part in the book . The owner of the books he stole which is an older woman refuses to leave her home , which is to be burned to the ground . Instead , the woman sets fire to her house herself , and stays there as her books and she are destroyed . It makes him realize that the written word is a very valuable thing and only the very enlightened know that.The next thing I liked was that , after hiding the books he had stolen , he was forced to burn his own house and all of his possessions which is a great turn of events . He then gets into a scuffle with his boss and he is warned that he will be dealt with severely . Montag then kills him and is soon perused by a Mechanical hound , which can track anyone down . He then kills that with a flamethrower and retrieves his books.This leads me to the part I disliked , the ending . Montag essentially meets up with a group of intellectuals and hides out until it is once again safe to print books . When bombs destroy the city , they sift through the rubble and begin a new society where man is free to learn and prosper . The reason I disliked this is because it really did n't describe what the new society would have been like . I really wish Bradbury went more in depth on what the new society would have been like.Lastly , although I loved this novel , it could have been way longer , perhaps by not ending the novel where he did and maybe going more into the future and explaining how everything ended up . All in all I am very happy I read this book , and I would recommend this to everyone . Not just the guys .
 This story of shattering the oppression of American literature has raised many questions among readers of all walks of life . Guy Montag 's expedition was one of self-realization and immense resolve . The inspirational journey involved self-discovery and social hardships . Fahrenheit 451 , lets the reader into Guy Montag , a fireman who is slowly but surely seeing his warped world for what it is . The author , Ray Bradbury 's clear and descript way of writing shows the reader what type of man Montag is . Bradbury also opens up a new world in describing the city and its citizen 's beliefs.Being one of the most unique books of its kind , it 's no surprise Fahrenheit 451 has been read and analyzed over and over . The story begins with Guy Montag happily burning books , but by the end of the story , his entire perspective of fire itself had changed completely . All in all , Guy Montag learned that burning the fire is the only way to cure his war-torn world .
 Guy Montag is a fireman ; he starts fires to burn the houses of people who keep books illegally . He enjoys his job and does n't ask any questions , until a series of events open his eyes to the emptiness around him , forcing him to question everything about himself and the society in which he lives.The story that Bradbury wrote over fifty years ago is every bit as effective as the day it was published . The censorship he describes is n't simply the result of an overbearing government , it begins as a function of the masses , whose desire for political correctness and ` happiness ' lead to the destruction of things that offend and stir emotions . The solution , along with burning the offending books , is to bombard the senses so as to eliminate the thought process entirely.In this age of political correctness and mass media , Bradbury 's words ring more true than ever . His vision of a society where all men are not created equal , but made equal , is a stern warning against the elimination of individual thought and the idea that true happiness comes from being constantly entertained.I ca n't begin to do this book justice ; nearly every page contains a thought-provoking passage . Bradbury wrote a classic whose truth is timeless and that everyone should read at least once .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a great book to read . Just imagine living in a society where reading books is illegal . The way that Ray Bradbury wrote this book is magnificent . The reader can easily visualize the flames when he describes the burning books.Guy Montag is a fireman who never questioned his job . In this world , a fireman was not hired to put out fires but hired to burn books . When Guy Montag met a seventeen-year-old girl who tells him of a past where people read books to learn and to read for pleasure instead of burning them , he begins to doubt his chosen profession . What 's wrong with owning books and wanting to read and learn about the past and read for pleasure ? Why ca n't society be the way it used to be . Why do we live in a world in which the government feels that it must control every aspect of our lives ? These are just a few of the questions Guy asks.Imagine Guy Montag 's horror when his wife discovers a stash of his illegal books in her own home ! He now must explain to her why he has done this . Just because it is illegal he does n't feel it to be such a terrible thing . Mrs. Montag is not only saddened by her husband 's deception , but totally frieghtened of the consequences.Fahrenheit 451 is a must read ! It is a very imaginative and fascinating book . It grabs the reader 's attention from the very first page to the last !
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is a fast-paced science fiction novel about a futuristic society that has outlawed the reading of books . The main character is Guy Montag , a fireman whose job it is to burn the books and the houses they are found in . Montag thinks nothing of his job and is perfectly happy living an ignorant life , along with the rest of his brainwashed culture . That is , unitl he meets Clarisse . A 17 year old who does n't fit into society , Clarisse begins to open Montag 's eyes to the reality of the world he lives in . This book is interesting , powerful , and a bit scary . The writing contains many similies , metaphors , and other forms of descriptive writing . Although sometimes confusing , 451 makes you think a lot about society today and how it could be in the future .
 Ray Bradbury has written a book that made me feel as if I were Guy Montag . He uses situations of panic that seem unfair and confusing . This is a very useful writting trick that made the book better and slightly frightening for me . If there were 900 stars to award this book , I would still give it a five if the scale were the same . Ummm ... I ca n't think of anything else to write . I was hoping Clarisse would come back towards the end of the book . She did n't . That 's okay . I guess . She sounded hot . My lungs are failing , so I need a ham sandwich . Bye . Oh yeah , and the book is good .
 This book is remarkable . Fahrenheit 451 by Rad Bradbury is an intriguing book about what would happen if a society had gotten rid of books . I totally have grown to like this book . I have read it 3 times over and every time I Loved the way Rad Bradbury wrote as if the book was a debate of literay authors and ideas . The reader can visualize the pain and risk Guy Montag the main character goes through . The first thing I noticed about this book is the cover . How clever to have a person burning with newspaper and the title `` Fahrenheit 451 '' which is the point where things burn . The best part of this unique book to me is the last part `` Burning Bright '' and the afterword . Bradbury 's writing stands out the best . The reader can totally feel the fatigue as Guy takes his last step , before realizing he is safe.This book sparked a new `` flame '' for me because I could feel and taste the burning of books and how it could impact my society now . I can just feel what would happend if my city , state or country burned books . The chaos and killings . Books now are looked at as last resorts . The internet has taken over all books . But this book made me think a lot too . I reread his afterword and coda twice because I like to think of how he came up with this idea and his writing style . This is a great book that not only gets the reader lost in this world of burning but notices different authors , books , and new ideas that can bring just a better new generation of authors , poets and everyday writers and thinkers to come as one and share to the world that as quoted in Fahrenheit 451 , `` Knowledge is Power ! ''
 Fahrenheit 451 is a well written and thought out science fiction novel that has many different levels of understanding to it . The book is designed to force people to consider the future of society seriously . This book is great because it changes the roles of people in the future to make the plot interesting . The plot of the book is set at a brisk pace to keep the reader from putting it down because the author is desparately trying to prove many points that are hidden throughout the story.The book places you into the future where the government tells the people what they can read and how they can live . The majority of the people loose their independence because they allow this to happen without protesting and they deserve what horrible thing will come of this . There are a few people like Montague who begin to fight back against the government . Montague used to be a fireman who in the government contolled society burns fictional books until there are none left in the city . The government wants all fictional books burned so everybody can be happy all the time . It turns out the people become ignorant because there are no fictional stories to compare their lives to . Montague attemps to escape the government with a few allies helping him out by storing the memories of the books in their heads to share with generations to come.Montague at first loves his job as a book burner , but he changes as he sees how ignorant the people in society are getting . Montague 's curiosity lures him to the books . Montague is independent unlike all the characters in the story who are brainwashed except for Montague 's ally Faber . Faber is a frightened old man who used to be a college proffesor until the government ruled that there will be no more fictional books , and he was forced to live alone without his beloved books . Montague came along and changed Faber so that he was n't like all the other ignorant people . Faber now will fight back for what he believes by helping Montague bring books back to life . Montague and Faber need eachother to live in this society .
 I am not such a fan of Ray Bradbury but his book Fahrenheit 451 is excellent and is now among modern classics in the same line as 1984 and Brave New World . Most new versions of this book carry with it a great introduction from Bradbury about how he typed his manuscript on a typewriter that cost 10 cents to use every half hour . The story was first published by Playboy magazine . Fahrenheit 451 is the temperature at which books burn.Inspired by Hitler and Stalin book burning , 451 tells the futuristic tale of a fireman , Guy Montag , who works for the government as an emergency book burner that sets fires to books which have been banned . They storm houses , dig up floor boards , find books , destroy them and then arrest the owners.Montag begins to question the controlling society that he lives in . Why is he burning books ? Inevitably this leads him to seek out books for himself and with it the paranoia of being found out while working for such an oppressive regime . There is some very good plot twists and the story is full of tension , suspicion and mistrust.You will read 451 in a day or two . It is less than 200 pages long and easy to get through . A modern classic that you should not miss .
 When I first encountered this book at the age of 13 , I was more accustomed to ` choose your own adventure ' books or pulp science fiction . I 'd never heard of Bradbury , but realized as I fought through the first few chapters that I was in over my head . I stuck it out however , and when I was done , my life had changed forever . Since then I have read this book many times , and it is always with a particular fondness because this is the book that taught me to read . To read as more than someone who desires nothing more than to be entrained.That is not to say that Bradbury is n't entertaining . I 've always found him to be one of the most successfully entertaining science fiction writers of all time . FAHRENHEIT 451 is on of his best . Conceptually simple -LRB- books are outlawed and the world has become a dreary , dystopian place where cheap thrills and wars fought with disease bombs are the norm -RRB- but wise and deep in substance , Bradbury successfully weaves characters and plot into a profound statement about the essential nature of human kind and how the best of our writing can , if used -LRB- read -RRB- properly , even save us from ourselves.There are few accolades that I can give this book that have not been already said more eloquently elsewhere . This is book filled with profound truth , a book that inspires , and a book that illustrates the best and worst of what men are capable of . Ultimately about the hope we have in the sum of human knowledge , few other books will make you treasure the act of reading and the privilege of owning books like this one will .
 This book was a journey through the future of what our world turned in to . Guy Montag was a firefighter , but instead of putting out fires , they started them . In their world books were illegal and anyone who had them in their home would be removed and their house would be burned . Montag has burned many houses , but this one burning really struck him and he took a good look at reality . He never noticed the importance of books and goes through many , many adventures you 'll just have to read for yourself.I personally do n't like science fiction , but this book really grabbed my attention . At the beginning it was a little difficult to understand what was going on and it was hard getting into the story , but as you read on everything starts to fall into place and make sense . The thing about this book that I found the most interesting was I read it and almost felt as if things in that book were true . It seemed like our world would end up like that in their century , this book was very believable and made me want to read more . Everyone should read `` Fahrenheit 451 '' at least once in their life because it is very well written and a truly wonderful book .
 In Ray Bradbury 's classic , Farenheit 451 , he describes a terrifying but all-too-real world of sensory overload and thought-depravity . Guy Montag is a fireman , but this fire brigade does n't put out fires -LRB- for houses are fire proofed with plastic coatings -RRB- , but instead starts them , burning houses -LRB- and often people -RRB- where books are found . And people , for the most part , do n't question the way of things ; in fact , most people simply contributed to them , reading less and less , being less and less interested in dissenting views and complex views of reality . Instead people opt for graphic novels filled with sex , and talking `` parlors , '' living rooms with televisions on three -LRB- and sometimes four -RRB- walls that surround the viewer in a virtual reality that becomes family , friends , entertainment , and knowledge . There is no taking walks , no late evening chats on the front porch ; in short , little or no thought . But Guy slowly emerges from the haze of this contrived reality , as he first encounters a strange girl who does n't seem to be charmed by the way things are , and then comes to see his own duties as a fireman as brutal and senseless . Did n't firemen used to actually put out fires ? he wonders.Montag , now repulsed by his occupation , starts looking for a way out . And on the way , he begins slipping books into his coat as he is burning houses , one here , one there , until he 's got his own little library . But soon his captain , Beatty , is on to him , and the mechanical hound , the instrument of doom and seeker of people and books , finds him out . Montag is left with the choice , burn his own house or admit guilt . He starts his house ablaze , but then turns the flame thrower on Beatty and on the mechanical hound and makes a break for it . He is now a man on the run , but a free man for the first time . He finds himself among a group of run-aways along a deserted railroad track , and discovers they are former professors and preachers , and each one holds inside him a chapter or a book . One is Thoreau , one is Marcus Aurelius , one is Plato 's Repulic , and so on . Montag is the book of Ecclesiastes . And as their civilization seems to be spiraling toward an end in a huge and destructive war , the wisdom of that great book , that everything has a time and a season , seems a pointer to the possibility of a new reality , a fresh start.Bradbury 's Farenheit 451 is a prophetic novel that bears freightening resemblance to our world today . Our culture resembles the reality he paints in its obsession with virtual reality -LRB- think `` reality TV '' and our obsession with this fictive family or friend network , as just one examle -RRB- , media saturation , and shallowness . Our politics are driven by sound bites and media experts more than they are driven by policy positions and reasoned debates . Marketing is more important than product quality . And this is just the beginning . Reading Bradbury 's classic is like a wake-up call to appreciate the wisdom of the ages , the beauty of friendships , the value of family , and the wonder that is a quiet walk in the woods . It is truly a treasure trove of reality , all tinged with the hope redemption .
 Fahrenheit 451 was first published in 1953 . It is one of those books that for some reason I was never required to read in high school or college . For that reason , I am trying to read a few of these classics each year . I was not sure what to expect as I am really not into futuristic books , however this book blew me away with its accuracy of predictions some 55 + years after it was first published.Fahrenheit 451 details the eternal war between censorship and freedom of thought and continues to be relevant today more than ever . In Bradbury 's future , books are illegal and happily so -- citizens are too busy watching their wall-sized televisions and listening to their in-ear `` seashell '' radios to care about the loss of good literature . Guy Montag begins the novel as a fireman who enforces the temperature of the title -- that at which books burn -- but then transforms and tries to show his society the mistake of censorship . It 's a treat to hear Bradbury read his own work , almost as if a wise elder were sharing a cautionary tale . Sometimes the slower pace seems awkward for a novel of such action , but overall the reading does justice to the timeless classic .
 Fahrenheit 451 was the first novel to describe what would happen if people could n't think . It is an interesting story that you do n't find much . The world it draws up has no basis . This is because people ca n't think . In Fahrenheit 451 , people are not allowed to have books because the government is afraid of an educated society . This book is very distressing because censorship could happen today . If there was censorship , the world would become dull and disturbing , as nothing would happen . There would be no great events , and this would cause no one to realize anything . This is the reason that it is still popular today . It is because of how controversial it is , in the fact of the world it portrays .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a masterful speculation of what the world would look like if events continued to unfold in its destructive progression . What happens to our cognitive abilities when we are glued to the `` wall '' every night , plug our ears with sound , and shut ourselves in our homes ? Who are our families ? Do we care about our neighbours , or even our own families ? A great book , and a must read !
 A science fiction thriller . A true masterpiece that will blow you away . Although it 's a science fiction book , it has some frighening resemblances to our own world . I could easily see this world turning onto the thoughtless `` utopia '' described by Ray Bradbury.The government tries to keep everyone happy in the process of no self thought and the burning of things that would cause debate and conflict , such as books . Now that houses are completely fireproof , the firemen no longer need to stop fires . Instead , the have a new job
 This is a book that really get writers hooked . A society that did n't care for books ... Oh my ! What will happen to mankind if the wisdom of time pass were n't available anymore ? and then what will happen to you , if you were to oppose the silence of the books ? A great tale and a lot of wisdom.Anna del C.Author of `` The Elf and the Princess `` and `` Trouble in the Elf City ''
 I had to read this book over the summer -LRB- I 'm going into 10th grade -RRB- . At first it took me a while to get into it . Soon enough I could n't put it down . It was a great book . I would recommend it to everyone .
 Having not have read it in high school , this year I felt compelled to read it because of a sudden interest in Ray Bradbury.I regret having waited so long to read.Bradbury introduces themes that are more relevant today than ever before.My recommendation is to buy or borrow and read this book ASAP .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a novel that tells of a very grim , yet very likely future where books are burned , not to be read . But the novel is much more than that . There is more depth to it than a simple dystopian novel . It really is a warning to a future where TV and Film surpass reading ten fold as a prominent form of entertainment . It 's not just the prophetic style that makes this a great read ; It 's also Bradbury 's superior writing . The characters of Guy Montag , Clarisse McClellan , and Faber the Philosopher jump from the pages as you read . You will not want to put this novel down , and there are too many things to be said about this wonderful book .
 I 'm 54 years old and I am reading this for the first time ever ... on my Kindle . How very fitting , and ironic that Mr. Bradbury , who is openly against e-books , the internet and such , would agree to release Fahrenheit 451 , a cautionary that centers around why real books are important , and what could happen at their demise , as an e-book . Just a thought ...
 I am not going to review the book itself . Its place in literary history is assured with good reason . That Mr. Bradbury so accurately pinpointed that censorship would get out of control is only matched by Orwell.But Bradbury has been resisting the ebook format , stating that he prefers the old fashioned book , with its smells and textures of pages . I understand that and I prefer to hold an old fashioned book myself . But books allow us to have so many titles at our fingertips at a time that they have become invaluable . And now he has allowed this jewel to be the first of his novels to be in this format.I can only hope that his short story collection is next . It is very thick and quite heavy to take outside the home to read ; then again , we need all his books in e-format ... all his books can be considered classics .
 This was actually purchased for a friend of mine as I still have my original copy from when I was a kid along with a first edition I picked up on eBay . This is the book that first started my interest in my favorite genre of science fiction , dystopia . Ray Bradbury 's story behind this book is almost as amazing as the book is in itself . I 'm not going to go into it , but Google it sometime . This book is written about a world in which houses no longer burn and censorship is rampant . Because of these two issues , firemen eventually become part of the government censorship and burn books . This novel is a short read but it leaves you feeling changed . This is in my top 5 books of all time and will always be on my shelf .
 So I finally got around to reading Fahrenheit 451 and all I can say is that it 's one heck of a book . Bradbury 's dystopian tale of disenfranchised `` fireman '' Guy Montag is so spot on in some places , I had to do a re-read . The book was published in 1953 but some of the depictions are eerily current . For example , Montag 's wife , Mildred , spends her days gorked out on TV from the three wall installed sets in their house . She says
 Guy Montague , a fireman in Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 , ca n't imagine anything better than watching books burn , the pages blacken and crumble . Guy 's world is a futuristic America where firemen burn instead of extinguish and where books are illegal . Books will offend some people , so they all burn . As Beaty , the Fire Captain , explains so bluntly , `` We ca n't have our minorities upset and stirred . Ask yourself , What do we want in this country , above all ? People want to be happy ... Do n't we keep them moving , do n't we give them fun ? That 's all we live for is n't it ? '' And they do . Their world is all about entertainment , the faster and more they get , the better . Guy is compelled to ponder his world after meeting a young , seventeen-year-old girl , who actually watches and thinks about the world , and then she disappears.Bradbury 's skill with words steers you effortlessly through the gripping story . I sincerely enjoyed reading this book . I could not put it down and after I finished it I wanted to start over to pick up on the details that I was sure I had missed . I would recommend this book to anyone willing to think . However , because of its depth , less experienced and younger readers may struggle with understanding and grasping the authors message and purpose.Even after fifty-eight years , Fahrenheit 451 still retains a prophetic bite that makes you stop and contemplate our own world 's direction . It leaves you considering your own life and where you are allowing it to go . Hopefully enough people will stop for a moment and care , or we will end up in the same shallow world .
 The beauty within Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 comes from how it begs you to look at the world around you . The futuristic society depicted by Bradbury in the 1950 's is almost frightening because of how closely it resembles the world that we live in now . We have filled our lives with technology and arguably have become more removed from society than ever before . Instead of sitting on the porch and conversing while watching the sunset or listening to crickets we tend to turn our television sets and let the propaganda and the garbage be forced down our gullets . This book opens your eyes and paints the picture of a very feasible and very scary future and it forces you to be aware of what is happening around us.I have read positive reviews from people who love this book and also reviews from those that think it is an overrated piece of garbage . When forging my own opinion of this book I look at the messages that Bradbury seems to be trying to convey and how well he does that . I have found that the most acclaimed message in the book is that propaganda and technology are poison to the human mind . The book creates a world where human beings have been hollowed out by these things and have become nothing more than automated drones seeking only entertainment - and to be free from worry and woe . Bradbury has said that the theme of his book is that television takes away the desire for people to read and appreciate literature.Aside from the previously mentioned theme - I feel that the most spectacular part of this read is the satirical society that Ray Bradbury has created . I feel the message goes further than television eats away at your mind . I found that the most significant message in the story is that technology as a whole is dangerous to us . The book illustrates how technology has people moving faster and faster and becoming detached from each other -LRB- comparable to real life -RRB- . People in the society only care about what is on television , or about driving a 100 Miles Per Hour , or going to amusement parks . Families are not close-knit ; people send their children away to school and never really know them . It seems that every person in the world around the main characters are completely empty and do not care about the well being of anyone . This is one of the most interesting points of analysis that I have found in this book . Comparing this to how people are becoming in real life . It is almost hard to admit how similar our world is to the horrible place from Bradbury 's imagination.I can not say that this is the greatest book that I have ever read , but I did really enjoy it . Fahrenheit 451 is one of the most thought provoking stories that I have ever read . I find it to be extremely interesting from cover to cover . It is a book that you can read several times and come away with different ideas and messages each time .
 I really loved this book . I 'm sure the average reader will , too . Bradbury 's prose is rich in metaphors and images and most of all , you capture his intent and feeling that he perfectly places in every moment of the book.The world the book is set it is ironically similar to ours today , and I find it kind of funny how Mildred is so incredibly similar to some people I know myself.Science Fiction is a label and this book is more of a homily . It 's an important read because it asks so many questions ... how does Our America compare to his?Read this book and decide for yourself ... are you in progress and on track to being in a `` parlor family '' or are you curious enough to learn and love the World we live in .
 The story is simple , but powerful . As other reviewers have noted , some of the details that Bradbury imagined in 1950 -LRB- when he wrote it , not the publication date of 1953 -RRB- have come true -LRB- large TVs on the walls , a move towards simplistic sensationalism , the deep distrust of education and educated people , etc. -RRB- I found the writing to be serviceable , sometimes brilliant . Occasionally the metaphors get too long winded and overly descriptive.The 50th Anniversary Edition , published by Ballantine Books/Del Rey is wonderful . Not only do we get the full unedited text -LRB- ironically , this book about censorship has been censored frequently over the years -RRB- , but we also get the afterword and coda -LRB- added in the late 70s , early 80s -RRB- and an illuminating 10 page interview with Bradbury himself . In the interview he describes his writing process , how he thinks the book holds up today , and whether or not he 'd write a sequel . It 's a great addition to the book .
 This classic novel of the future by Ray Bradbury is amazingly original . The thought of firemen starting fires is dark and quite odd . Burning books , though , is one of the scariest things about the theme of this book . It almost makes me afraid that this could happen not in the too-distant future . Book lovers out there , Fahrenheit 451 might give you a big chill .
 Guy Montag is not your normal fireman . Instead of putting out fires , he starts them . We find this out right at the beginning . It is not just regular fires he starts , but book fires . If they catch you with books , they will burn them , and maybe they will burn you . In this society , they do n't want you to think.There are walls that speak to you , you can drive as fast as you want , billboards stretch out for hundreds of feet because they want to make sure that you still get advertisements drilled into your head . Is this in the future , or did Ray Bradbury know what our society was coming to?When Guy came home from work , he met up with a strange girl who was curious , charming , and not like anyone he has known . She put questions into his head , and he would never be the same . After their meeting , he started to sneak books into his house knowing what would happen if he were caught . The question is
 Fahrenheit 451 . The temperature at which books catch fire and burn.Odd title , but not as odd as the story itself . The community in which this story takes place seems strange , but it 's shockingly similar to our own . Both in their community and ours , citizens follow what the government says and do it without question . In this case , people do n't read books . If they do , firemen burn them . It 's simple , but in Ray Bradbury 's account of this tale , it becomes very complex.Guy Montag , the main character/fireman , discovers that this process is wrong . Firemen should not destroy homes and books . People should be aloud to read . But what can he do ? Find out by reading Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 .
 Yes , I * do * read classics once in a while ... :--RRB- Our local library was sponsoring a program called `` Everyone Reads '' where a number of people all read the same book and have discussions about it . Fahrenheit 451 was the featured book , and I 've been meaning to reread it anyway . You probably already know the storyline ... Reading books is a banned activity , and firemen are not used to put out fires , but to burn down houses where books are being covertly hidden . Fahrenheit 451 is the temperature at which paper burns , hence the title . The main character , Montag , starts to wonder why people would still risk having books , and ends up becoming a book hoarder himself . His house is burned down , and he flees before he can be arrested . He meets up with other readers in the countryside and decides to remember and preserve books rather than return to the city , which , by the way , just got anniliated by atomic warfare ... This is n't so much a novel as a longer short story critiquing society 's ever-decreasing attention span and lack of time spent actually thinking . Everything is based on entertainment , and ideas and concepts are spoonfed to the public in short , repeated soundbites . Sound disturbingly familiar ? I found it amazing that , 50 years after having written the book , Bradbury 's view of the future is n't that far removed from reality . We do n't burn down houses with books , but we try to censor ideas and make everything `` politically correct '' so that no one is offended.This particular paperback edition is the 50th anniversary edition of the book , and features an interview with the writer at the end . He also expounds on what the characters in the book would say and do now if the book were to be expanded.Well worth reading -LRB- or reading again if you have n't done so lately -RRB- .
 What began as a short story in 1950 , evolved into one of the greatest American novels of all time . Fahrenheit 451 , originally titled The Fire Man , was Ray Bradbury 's first novel . It is ironic that the place that Bradbury chose to write a novel about book burning was in a book haven - the basement of the University of California 's library . Fahrenheit 451 takes place in a future where knowledge is despised and thought of as an unequalizer . People are made to believe that in order for everyone to be happy and live in harmony they must be equals . Since books spread knowledge and knowledge is an unequalizer , most books are banned from reading and burned in order to be kept from society 's hands . Due to the fireproofing of houses , firemen are no longer needed to put out fires . Instead , firemen set ablaze houses that contain illegal books , sometimes burning the people within the houses if they refuse to leave . Guy Montag was a fireman who loved to watch the flames dance in the sky and the books shrivel and die , that is until he met a young girl named Clarisse . Clarisse opened his eyes to the world around him , and no longer did Montag want to burn books , he wanted to save and learn from them.The story picks up when the protagonist , Guy Montag , is walking home from work with his baked on smile and the smell of kerosene hanging about him , having just finished attending a call from the firehouse . While nearing his house , he is accompanied by a strange young girl who introduces herself as Clarisse McClellan . They begin to talk and Montag realizes she is very different from everyone else he knows . She looks at the world around her and sees it for what it is and then takes the time to wonder why it is that way . Before they part , Clarisse asks him something that turns his world upside-down , she asks , `` Are you happy ? '' -LRB- Bradbury 10 -RRB- . One might say that those three little words are the most important in the entire book because they set in motion the series of events that are to follow . At first , Montag tries to laugh it off saying , `` Happy ! Of all the nonsense . '' -LRB- 10 -RRB- . However , as Montag entered his house and looked around the quiet rooms and at his silent , stone-like wife , he knew that he was not happy , he knew that something was missing.Subconsciously , Montag knew he was not happy for a long time and had been collecting books from the houses he went to burn . After further discussions with Clarisse and much thought of his own , Montag realizes that there had to be a better way to live and that books could teach him how . Montag pulled out the illegal books he had been hiding and began to read them . However , try as he might , he could not understand and retain what he was reading . Bradbury compared Montag 's struggle with sand and a sieve , `` the faster he poured , the faster it sifted through ... His hands were tired , the sand was boiling , the sieve was empty '' -LRB- 78 -RRB- . The sand is a metaphor for the knowledge within the books and the sieve is a metaphor for Montag 's brain . The more and the faster Montag read , the faster it slipped from his memory.Montag continued to try to read and learn more from books and was found out by his boss , Captain Beatty . Of Montag 's situation , Beatty makes an allusion to the Greek myth of Icarus , saying `` Old Montag wanted to fly near the sun and now that he 's burnt his damn wings he wonders why '' -LRB- 113 -RRB- . In the story of Icarus , his father Daedalus builds him a set of wings , fastened together with wax , so that he can escape from the island of Crete . Icarus was reckless , though , and flew too close to the sun so that the wax melted , breaking his wings and causing him to fall to his death . For Montag , the island that he was trying to escape from was not a physical restraint , but a mental island of ignorance . Montag was reckless like Icarus and came too close to the sun , in his case , knowledge , which caused his downfall , according to Beatty.Overall , I found this book thoroughly enjoyable and frightening at the same time . I look at the world around me and see it slowly turning into the world that Bradbury so vividly described . There are several students in my class that when given the assignment to read a book and do a report on it , opt to watch the video and skim the cliff notes instead . Movies and cliff notes merely brush the surface of books , which is what the parlor walls in Fahrenheit 451 do to all the information and stories it portrays . The idea of a future society where people do not think about their actions , the consequences , or of anything with substance is terrifying and yet incredibly believable in this day and age . It is this idea that kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book .
 I just read this book a couple days ago -LRB- it 's a quick read -- just a few hours -RRB- and felt it portrayed a lot of what I had been thinking for a long time . My mother always shuns shows like `` Family Guy '' and `` South Park '' because she feels they are too politically incorrect , but she misses the point of them entirely . Political correctness is good , but to a point . In the aforementioned shows , it 's used to make points about society and often the ridiculasness of people who are n't tolerant . In Farenheit 451 , people have rejected this in favor of making eveyone happy . The point is , in a world where free though is n't allowed , no once CAN be happy . Montag 's wife is a victim of the new society , a woman who refuses to think about anyone or anything that upsets her and is completely enveloped by her tv shows , or her `` family '' , where everything is perfect and everyone is laughing . In fact , a common theme throughout the book is people saying they are happy only to let us discover later that they really are n't . At least they are n't subconsiously . This is evident in the beginning when Montag 's wife tries to kill herself . The social commentary , even at fifty years old , is still very striking . The burning of books is only a part of this novel .
 Ray Bradbury opened the book with the line `` it was a pleasure to burn '' . A shocking and simple sentence began a story set in the near future where a firemen 's job was to set fire , as opposed to putting them out . As the story progresses , the main character , Montag , meets more and more people who gradually begins to change his views of the society and analyze his actions as a fireman . What made this book interesting was the radical concepts and belief that the society embraced . The story tells us that a fireman & iexcl ; s job was to set fire on books , which were considered to be bad . Not just books were bad , but knowledge in general was viewed as sinister . Montag lives in a society that only promotes very basic information to the public , and knowledge was forbidden and strictly controlled.The title of the book is also closely related to the content . `` Fahrenheit 451 & iexcl ; is the temperature at which normal book paper catches on fire . I thought this title was not only unique and related to the story , but it also attracted its readers . By only stating & iexcl ; Fahrenheit 451 & iexcl ; I would think to myself & iexcl ; What would this book be about ? & iexcl ; and & iexcl ; What is the significance of this particular temperature ? & iexcl ; These continuous questions really increased my curiosity on the book.I thought that the most successful aspect of this book is its ability to portray an image in my mind . Though Bradbury 's vivid expressions , I could picture the scenes in the book . Bradbury used figurative language as the paintbrush to construct the image . Personification , metaphor , and similes were extensively utilized . In the first page of the book , every sentence contained figurative speech . For example , through Bradbury 's magical use of language in `` With the brass nozzle in his fists , with this great python spitting its venomous kerosene upon the world '' -LRB- P. 1 lines 2-4 -RRB- , I could very clearly portray a fireman holding the hose with kerosene coming out like a python spitting it 's poison . This does not solely portray an image ; it also leaves a strong memory , and impression afterwards . Through the use of these powerful and impressive words , Bradbury carved an everlasting image in my heart . I especially adore the quote `` He strode in a swarm of fire flies '' This effectively produces a complete image in my mind of Montag happily walking through a bunch of burning ashes . The `` swarm of fire flies '' really produces an everlasting powerful image.Another reason I gave this book five stars is that I thought it was not just an entertaining and poignant book , it was also a book that moved and influenced me as well as triggered me to contemplate about the presence and the importance of knowledge and books . The first time I read it , I could not understand it , so I read it again . After the second time reading it , I was stimulated to ponder about the significance of knowledge . I felt very deeply that controlling knowledge through the destruction of books is extremely inappropriate . I very powerfully felt that books were important to us in our daily lives , and that every one of them has value , and they should be kept and treasured . My emotions changed from detached to extremely motivated . I felt that this book really portrayed a very different world , such that books are absent . Through indirect speech , Bradbury has really moved and changed my views . I thought this book was both very thought provoking , enjoyable , and very well done . I enjoyed it .
 Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' has some very interesting ideas , but they get bungled in the execution . The book was written in the 1950 's and takes place in the unspecified future . Books are now illegal and no one learns to read more than is absolutely necessary . The world is in a constant state of war , but drugs and mindless T.V. programs keep most people pacified.The main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman . But firemen no longer put out fires ; they start them to burn books and the houses that harbor them . -LRB- Because there is no written history , very few people are aware that this was not always so . -RRB- Montag meets an intriguing teenage neighbor , Clarice , who challenges him to think and not conform to society . This leads him to reexamine his life , and his relationship with his dull and placid wife . Montag is also troubled by a conversation with an old man about a year earlier . Though he was sure this man was harboring books , he never turned him in . Finally , Montag steals one of the books he is supposed to burn . He dreams of collecting books and sharing them with everyone willing to listen.What 's good in this book are the theoretical ideas
 `` If they give you ruled paper , write the other way . '' - Juan Ramon JimenezIt is truly amazing how a person , different in any way from his peers , can be so the same . The year is somewhere in the 21st century and Guy Montag is a fireman -- whose job it is to set fires instead of putting them out . The government of the time has professed a law which makes reading or merely owning a book illegal and the punishment ? The books are burned along with your house and all of your belongings . Censorship and conformity are on an uprise in this world and Guy is right in the center . T That is until Clarisse , a girl who calls herself `` 17 and crazy '' , tells him of a past where people were not afraid to be themselves . With the motivation Clariss gives him and the help of Faber , a once upon a time english professor , Guy plans on telling the world the truth about the books the government will not allow them to read . Fahrenheit 451 is a book filled with suspense and multiple plot twist that keep you reading until the very last page .
 Bradbury 's 1950 's sci fi classic presents a plot frequent in futuristic tales
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the best books I 've ever read . I say this without skipping a beat . Like many people , I first read this book for school , and I fell in love with it . Fahrenheit 451 is an essential book for any reader , young or old . Bradbury did remarkable things with this little book , and I know I 'll never feel the same way about censorship again.Fahrenheit 451 , the temperature at which paper catches fire and burns , is a hauntingly appropriate title for this book . For a controlled and thoughtless society , the reading of books has been outlawed -LRB- note , the READING of books - a point in an important scene which Bradbury wrote but never placed into the book and can be read in the Afterward -RRB- . Deep thoughts are discouraged , and the public instead recieves no more than what I sometimes call `` on a platter '' entertainment , such as the wall-to-wall television screens and miniature radios which are placed inside the ear to block out all other sound . Firemen are now paid to burn books and the houses in which they are hidden , to protect the society that books are believed to endanger.Like another favorite book of mine and also another very necessary book , Lord of the Flies , whos fiftieth anniversary passed last year with an unfortunate lack of recognition , Fahrenheit 451 takes place during a war in the outside world . Also Lord of the Flies , little light is shed on the subject of the war , although in Lord of the Flies it is often assumed that the war is World War II . But , as Mildred Montag and her friends know , `` It 's always somebody else 's husband who dies . `` Guy Montag is a fireman who , after meeting a young woman by the name of Clarisse McClellan , becomes disillusioned with the burning of books . Montag 's life changes when a book falls into his possession and , needing to see what 's in the tomes that are so forbidden , begins to read.As the book unfolds , Montag 's metamorphosis is astounding . A pleased , fire-loving fireman becomes a curious reader and fledgling scholar , becomes a man determined to do something about the dangers of book-burning , no matter the cost.The book is not only a good book , an important book , but also a NECESSARY book , an IMPORTANT book , which I think everyone should read . I highly recommend Fahrenheit 451 and Lord of the Flies , both excellent and thought-provoking novels which will capture the interest of those willing to think .
 Bradbury 's prophecy of a distant -LRB- or not so distant -RRB- future is essential reading in these times of self-censorship through the dumbing-down of the national dialogue . The story seems to peter out at the end , but as a plot device it succintly allows for the discussion of numerous topics that have ` come true ' , at least nearer to true than the time of the original publication . For instance , listen to Beatty 's history of book-burning that encapsulates a media-saturation and political sensitivity -LRB- p. 54 -RRB- . Or perhaps you 're intrigued by the dead-on Hubris Americana Montag bemoans in the post-war period -LRB- p. 74 -RRB- ? Faber 's recollection of a Jesus before merchandising rings as a true indictment of the modern church -LRB- p. 81 -RRB- - and his threefold explanation for the importance of books -LRB- quality of ideas , leisure to think , and freedom to act on the preceding two on p. 83 -RRB- should be carefully considered by all of us as we rip through our reading lists . This book delivers an impact , and is well-worth the read .
 Not to be confused with fahrenheit 9/11 , Fahrenheit 451 is the classic dystopian tale of rebbelion and the invasion of media in our private lives.It is the story of Montag , a fireman who burns books . He loves his job , until one day he meets Clarrisse . Clarrisse is a seventeen year old girl in love with life , in a society so desperate to escape life that it never notices its many wonders . In Montag 's world , billboards have to be 200 feet long so that people will notice them . The walls of Montag 's home have giant television screens that his wife spends all her time watching . The walls do n't tell stories , they just give people feelings.Montag accepts all this until Clarrisse comes out of the blue to shed a new light on everything . She tells him about grass having dew on it in the morning , about the blue sky , and he changes . Slowly , but he does go through a change.Bradbury 's writing has been accused by some reviewers as dull . I found his writing insightful , and very interesting . One of the many fascinating things about these amazon reviews is that there are large groups of people who find that the writing was too slow , completely disregarding how writing styles create mood . But amazon has created an environment where anyone can write their opinions . If you really want to know how good this book is , read both the best and worst reviews . Then , if you find that the good outweighs the bad , at least in your mind , then read the novel . Afterwards , you should try reading the reviews that are most contrary to your personal opinion.To reiterate , Breadbury is a genuine genius , he should be commended , this novel is a masterpiece , and you should check out the worst reviews for this book for further intellectual stimulation .
 Prior to reading the book Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , I knew nothing about the book other than it was considered a classic by mane Some how I managed to work my way out of reading the book all through high school and it has always been on my list to read . So I decided to choose the book for our semester independent reading project , and I am glad I did.This science fiction novel expressed the natural occurring communism in a futuristic setting . Interestingly , the books setting could easily be believed to portray our world one hundred years ago . The reality of the book is somewhat depressing in that it actually is a lot closer to the truth than we would like to believe . Books have not been banned yet , but many schools across our country are not aloud to use certain classic novels in their teachings . And maybe we are not under a mind control because of the banning of books , however our sources for entertainment operate on mind control and there are ads for just about anything surrounding our lives.This novel does indeed deserve the literary merit I has received over the past years . The novel itself steers away from descriptive science fiction and into a more dreamy approach , which leaves more imagination on the readers ' part . One of the overriding themes of novel is knowledge vs. Ignorance , which the main character Guy deals with the entire novel . He must decide whether to continue to read books and continue to gain knowledge , or to just be happy like everyone else and continue to be ignorant . Ray Bradbury 's novel is quite intriguing and a very quick read . I recommend this book to everyone before entering the college level , for it is a classic which has been read for over 50 years .
 Fahrenheit 451 was one of the best books I 've ever read . I had to read it in high school and I 'm glad for it . Bradbury 's vision of the future is shockingly similar to our own society now . Sure we 're not burning books , but many of us would prefer to be entertained by watching television than reading a book . This vision is also a future where censorship has replaced free press , shying the people about the disturbing world events taking place . Since this book was written in 1953 , many would think that Bradbury 's vision of this future would have been proven wrong over time but to this day school districts are banning certain books , such as this one , for what ideas they might express.This book is about a possible future where books are outlawed and firemen are given the job to set them ablaze . The story is centered on one particular fireman named Guy Montag who after meeting a seventeen year old girl and an old professor , decides to join the struggle to preserve books before they are wiped out forever .
 Bradbury has twisted imagination , fears , thoughts and a quick lesson together to capture our senses and keep us turning the pages!There is a certain depth to this book that is unreachable to anyone unless they are willing to dive beneath the surface to get it . Not only do the characters have feelings and thoughts ; but all around the words are the feelings and sceneries that only the imagination can take in . What is actually shocking to realize is that our -LSB- country -RSB- is turning into exactly what this book says ! No ... were not burning books , but our entertainment and media has started controling our minds to thinking anything hard is not worth doing.Bradbury has taken all our thoughts and fears on the future and taken to writing them down into a book . Fascinating as it is , its only our fear that our society could actually turn into this nightmare .
 This book was a real page turner . It had a certain depth to it , one that could not be reached unless the reader was willing to dive beneath the surface to get it . It had so much information packed into a good adventure , it really taught -LSB- me -RSB- to appreciate the books we have today and that we can enjoy learning at the same time as finding the lesson taught inside it . Not many books have the same perspective as Fahrenheit 451 . Not only did the main character have feelings that could be seen , but all around the words were different emotions and settings in them that made you feel like you were there , and it was so creatively written it made you think harder than most books normally do . Ray Bradbury knew what he was writing so well it flowed like thoughts , and he had the same thoughts as most of us do . But he kept them in these pages for us to read now and in the future .
 I think the author wrote this book to tell people , who read this book , that it is necessary to bend or break rules once in a while . I agree because if you live your life always following the rules , and not making mistakes , you kind of get used to being perfect . You have to make mistakes and do something wrong once in a while . Break out of the shell and live your life curiously.I think Ray Bradbury handled setting the best because if you read this book correctly , you would figure out that the setting explains everything that happens . I love the way he uses bunches and bunches of personification , similes , metaphors , imagery and many other figurative languages.This book is science fiction . It 's good because he uses so much imagery that you can literally see what the setting looked like and see what they were talking about . Some details in his book are for sure ficton but the way he described the government and the fire department is really , really unique . Ray Bradbury is an excellent author with a good imagination.I do n't think the book is less than perfect because he makes the book reals and you would n't want to change something so realistic . I 'm not saying that the setting is real , like today , but he tells you . No . He shows you how real the city is . Once you read it , you would n't want to change anything . I recommend this book if you love science fiction or fantasy books , you will fall in love with this book and the author .
 I am currently doing a research project for my sophomore project in my Honors English class . Part of the project is to read a book the author has written . My teacher told me about Fahrenheit 451 and told me that I should read this one . I did n't really know much about this book before she refered it to me . The opening page sucked me in and now that I have finished the book , it makes me wonder if society will ever turn out this way . It is amazing how Bradbury `` predicts '' the future with some of the events in his book . After reading this book I have so far brought the movie , and the movie The Martian Chronicles . I also want to read the book . For a teenager in high school who does n't like to read , I 'm hooked !
 I taught `` Fahrenheit 451 '' as the example of a dsytopian novel in my Science Fiction class , although it is certainly one of the most atypical of that particular type of narrative discourse . Compared to such heavyweight examples as George Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World , '' Yevgeny Zamiatin 's `` We , '' Ray Bradbury 's imaginative meditation on censorship seems like light reading . But the delicious irony of a world in which firemen start fires remains postent and the idea of people memorizing books so they will be preserved for future generations is compelling . Of course , there have been more documented cases of `` book burning , '' albeit in less literal forms , since `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was first published in 1953 , so an argument can be made that while all the public debate was over how close we were the Orwellian future envisioned in `` 1984 , '' it is Bradbury 's little parable that may well be more realistic -LRB- especially in terms of the effects of television -RRB- . The novel is based on a short story , `` The Fireman , '' that Bradbury published in `` Galaxy Science Fiction '' in 1951 and then expanded into `` Fahrenheit 451 '' two years later . However , those who have studied Bradbury 's writings caw trace key elements back to a 1948 story `` Pillar of Fire '' and the `` Usher II '' story from his 1950 work `` The Martian Chronicles . '' Beyond that , there is the historical record of the Nazis burning books in 1933 . The story is of a future world in which everyone understands that books are for burning , along with the houses in which they were hidden . Guy Montage is a fireman who has been happy in his work for ten years , but suddenly finds himself asking questions when he meets a teenage girl and an old professor . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is not only about censorship , but also about the inherent tension in advanced societies between knowledge and ignorance . Reading this novel again I am reminded about Pat Paulsen 's editorial on the old `` Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour '' -LRB- a series well acquainted with the perils of censorship -RRB- about how we might enjoy freedom of speech in this country but we do not enjoy freedom of hearing because `` there is always the danger of something being said . '' Censorship , in practical terms , is the effort of those who do not want others to hear what they find offensive , for whatever reasons , basically because it leads to people thinking thoughts they do not want them to be thinking . Through the rambling diatribes of Captain Beatty , Bradbury makes this point quite clear to his readers.Even though this is essentially a novella , Bradbury 's work retains the charm of a short story . The recurring use of animal imagery throughout the story , the use of the mythic ideas of the salamander and the phoenix , make `` Fahrenheit 451 '' more poetic than any other dystopian work . Even if it is predominantly a one note argument regarding censorship , it is impossible to deny that Bradbury makes a clear and convincing case for his position . Besides , there is something to be said for any work that insures that beyond the point at which water freezes the only other recognizable number on the Fahrenheit scale is the point at which book paper starts to burn .
 ... and seriously though-provoking . All generations should review this book from time to time . great new cover design
 great short read with a subtext that is a warning for our future . If you like all those sci-fi movies with a horrorful future you will enjoy this book .
 This book is much deeper than you owuld think at first glance . It may be about Guy Montag who burns book in the future . but in reality it is about 3 major things . The Dumbing Down of Society , Censorship , and the effects of Mass Media on the world . This book is one of those that you ca n't put down , i suggest you order it or go out and check it out from the library , it 's a keeper .
 This book although one of the worst distopian books was good in that it was for a childs view . Some of the characters showed extreme likeness to modern society and the theme was very well developed . many very good literature components in this work .
 451 is a fantastic , entertaining story that also happens to be a dead-on commentary on American politics -LRB- especially the `` look over there '' strategy employed by the current administration -RRB- . Well read too .
 I remember seeing the movie based on this book with Oskar Werner and Julie Christie when I was a teenager and discussing it with my teachers . As you read the book many similarities can be seen today , such as large billboards , people not talking to each other , a society dependent on drugs and entertainment and reality TV shows and of course the rushing around in a rat race.Whats amazing is that Ray Bradbury wrote this book in 1953 some 50 plus years ago and unlike the book 1984 written by George Orwell this book is ignored by the media and pessimists of todays society and our future.For those you like science fiction with a large dose of reality please read this book before you die from drinking the Kool-Aid .
 I was very much looking forward to reading this book , a good friend has been recommending it for some time . I must say that it took me a little longer than I thought it would to read . The language for me was little hard to follow at times . Some of it was so chopped up that I would have to go back and reread the page over to try and understand the message of that page.I thought that the themes themselves were very prevalent to our day . I am finding that more and more that children are unwilling to read and want to play video games or go on the internet . The idea of how books are slowing being eradicated is spot on in current events . I really liked the message of how knowledge will set you free , and the good , and bad that can come from it . -LRB- As the snake said to eve , you will be like a God . -RRB- I also liked his idea of the TV walls and how it clouds the mind with loud noises and bright colors . I found that to be very interesting , especially with the outburst of 42 '' TVs and all the crave for the latest gadgets . I find it very ironic that Amazon is out with their new product Kindle . No offense to them but I do not support that item.One thing that I did notice was that as I was reading it reminded me a lot of `` The Giver '' by Louis Lowery . I know that The Giver was written afterword but I actually liked that book more that his . I also understand that it was more meant for children , but think that the ideas presented in her book , almost paralleling Bradbury 's book , were very well written and thought out . I also thought that her book was simply just a little more easy to read.Either way , this still was an excellent book , with a lot of different issues that I think have a love of prevalence in our current status . If you liked Bradbury 's book , I would greatly recommend The Giver .
 Good read!The most amazing part of `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is that it was first written in 1950 . Wow ! That blows me away , a futuristic book written 58 years ago that in many ways is was right on.The characters and story are excellent . Some of the writing in the book , I found to be difficult to grasp . Alot of intense dialogue between the main characters , several times , I was n't quite sure who was talking to who.Overall , a very good book , I look forward to reading some of Ray Bradbury 's other classics !
 Fahrenheit 451 . 451 is the temperature at which paper burns . How did we find this out ? Learning , and with learning comes books , and according to this story with books comes burning . This story follows one man , one guy actually . Guy Montag is a fireman . However not the definition of fireman of which you think . This is a world where the past is burnt and all is forgotten and minorities are eliminated . Books are for burning and your family is all on a T.V. wall . People die and nobody cares . Nothing matters as long as people are happy . Houses are fireproof and books are the exact opposite . I really liked this book . Bradbury 's book shows our own flaws as well as those to come . Montag 's fire captain , Beatty , tells him how the firemen got started , '' ` Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to popular songs -LSB- 1 -RSB- or the name of state capitals -LSB- 2 -RSB- or how much corn Iowa grew last year -LSB- 3 -RSB- . ' '' We have all of the game shows . 1 . Do n't forget the lyrics . 2 . Are you Smarter than a 5th Grader . 3 . Jeopardy . This book was written in the 50 's . Over 50 years later -LRB- almost 60 -RRB- , this is beginning to form . I hope that this does not happen . For if it does , who knows what we will lose next . Will it be our real families ? Our front porches ? Our books ? Our identity ? This book is very controversial . It 's ironic that every one in this book is anti controversial and do n't ask questions and yet this book brings up so many questions . It also makes you question yourself and what you think . With all of this technology being brought into our world , we 're not against it but we do n't hate it . With all of the new innovations by the time we buy something it 's already obsolete . When you buy a computer in a few weeks they all ready have an updated version . Sometime its just nice to stop and smell the roses . Thank you for your time.-Marvin
 Mention `` Farenheit 451 '' in casual conversation , and the casual response is -LRB- especially if you are highschool or lower -RRB-
 I chose to read Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' for a High School Book Report . I thought the fact that so many of the ideas portrayed in the book by Bradbury are still very relevant today was fascinating . The book was published in the 1950 's , yet Bradbury 's ideas about the influence of of media and its effect on society are evident today . Society as a whole has had its general thought process effected -LRB- to some extent at least -RRB- by the media with ideas portrayed in ad campaigns or television shows , which make decisions for you instead of letting you develop some of these ideas on your own.Another theme that the book does well is representing the effect of censorship on society . The protagonist of the story , Guy Montag , begins the book oblivious of his own ignorance towards the world around him , not changing until a thoughtful teenage girl -LRB- Clarisse -RRB- causes him to question why everything is the way it is . These questions lead Montag down a path to enlightenment in which Montag discovers the reality of an unaware society . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' does a superb job of displaying the harmful effects censorship can cause
 This is another author , like George Orwell who has the ability to see the a possible future and present it in a way that appears to be a time in the life of an individual character , as well as surrounding characters who are experiencing the same world . Whether this is a made up story or not remains to be seen , because as the author states in Coda , '' `` The point is obvious , there is more than one way to burn a book . '' But it is told in a manner that is all so more believeable in todays current world of technology than perhaps it could have been percieved when it was first concieved . Bradbury like Orwell are writers that having discovered them , I feel fortunate to know that there are many things they have still written I have not yet read , but I certainly intend to!Something to truly look forward to!Guy Montag respresents an individual who with help from a mysterious `` Girl '' , awakens from the slumber he has found himself in . It seems to me that even now , this fantastic creation if truly appreciated for the message it delivers , can continue to awaken others who are not seeing the entire picture.Told in a manner that is clearly intellectually sound , the implications are truly frightening.Five stars is n't enough to rate this , nor would ten or any other amount if it existed here be.I will certainly be absorbing more of his writes.And if you have n't read this , although frightening I do n't believe I could recommend that you do so more highly . Especially in light of the world we currently live in!Your Chance to Hear The Last Panther Speak
 In Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 , Guy Montag is a firefighter whose job it is to set fires . In this futuristic , dystopian universe houses are fireproof and firefighters burn books . Books have been banned because they make people think uncomfortable facts , however most people are too caught up with their wall-to-wall TVs and fast cars for the thought of reading to even cross their minds . Montag loves to burn and thinks he is happy with his life until he meets a girl who thinks about the world in her own way and a professor who remembers when books were treasured rather than banned . The story follows Montag as he slowly comes to realize how he really feels about the world he lives in.Fahrenheit 451 explores deep ideas about human nature , censorship , and the balance between knowledge and comfort . The most disturbing thing about this book is how close Bradbury was to our life today . Almost 50 years ago , he imagined things similar to cell phone earpieces , big screen TVs , and super highways . Other things are exactly like today
 ` Farenheit 451 ' is rightly deserved to considered a classic much on the order of the works by George Orwell . Written almost sixty years ago , ` Farenheit 451 ' brilliantly and concisely captures the overall demise of society through the `` dumbing down '' of people by the media and socialist-leaning government . People become automatons , unwilling to think or feel pain . Books become the enemy because they speak of reality and pain . So in ` Farenheit 451 ' the government outlaws all books , and `` firemen '' become government backed literary arsonists . However the author brings us hope in the form of the lead character , a fireman himself , who begins to think for himself and crosses over to another world -LRB- figuratively speaking :--RRB- -RRB- . His life rapidly unravels and transforms.I suppose my only quibble with ` Farenheit 451 ' is that it somewhat overloads the story with a sub-story of a world war about to begin . I 'm not sure why the author introduces such a distraction other than to tell the reader `` hey , none of the citizens care about the war because they are too brainwashed from the government and media '' . I think `` Farenheit 451 '' could have been just a little better without such silliness.Bottom line
 This book tells an intriguing and dystopic anecdote about ... books . It is thought provoking , and evocative . Every person should read this book , and think not of the absurdity of premise , but of the unfortunate parallels one sees .
 I read Fahrenheit 451 five years ago , having bought it as an introduction to a book club , and to this day I ca n't remember any of the other books I bought with Fahrenheit 451 , only this one magical book . Ray Bradbury is well-known as a sci-fi author , and even as a legend in literature , and I 'm a believer that 451 is his best . It 's subtitle describes perfectly the premise of the story
 An excellent read , thrilling and provocative . Bradbury has a gift for descriptions , and he makes a wonderful story even better through his use of language . A future civilization has banned books , and it 's the firemen 's job to burn any books people have hidden , and the houses in which they are concealed . Guy Montag is a fireman who has done his job for ten years , never questioning the pleasure of seeing books burned and consumed by flames . Then he meets a girl who shows him that life is not all burning and speeding . She shows him that if you take the time , life has a deeper meaning . He begins to question the burning of all the books he never had time to read and understand . He is driven by a madness to find out what the books say . Unfortunately , he 'll have to break a few laws and give up the life which he 's lived for so long . He has to make a choice between the illegal life he never knew and the ignorant life as a fireman .
 Having first heard of Bradbury after reading The Martian Chronicles , I immediately fell in love with his writing and was itching to read Fahrenheit since I had heard so many good things about it.The brilliant novel was better than I thought . What took me the most was the sheer realism of such a strange world . I could feel the pain and fear the characters endured throughout the story as the infamous `` burning of books '' took lives and houses . I really got the sense that books were as taboo -LRB- let alone illegal -RRB- as narcotics are today.The edition I read included an afterward by Bradbury reflecting upon his own story after about 20 years . I was impressed that he felt that he would n't have changed much if he had the chance . This was but another bulletpoint in my list of reasons to have such high respect for this acclaimed author . Fahrenheit 451 was a fantastic read and I encourage everyone to read it , especially sci-fi fans and librarians :-RRB- .
 This book is one of my new all time favorites . While this author has some problems with his interpretation of our society as seen from his point of view 50 years ago , his language , full of metaphors , could n't be more beautiful . As the song says , `` If a picture paints a thousand words ... '' This author can paint a picture with a few of the right choice of words .
 Fahrenheit 451 is my favorite book -- I have read it three times ! Consequently , Ray Bradbury is my favorite author . His style of writing is so captivating . I would , however , say that this book seems to me to be an acquired taste . I LOVE it , but a few of my friends do n't like it at all . I think you need to have a certain maturity to read it . When my stepdad first introduced it to me , I was probably still in middle school . I gave up on it after reading the first 20 or so pages -- I just did n't get it . A few years later , I picked it up again , understood every word and idea , and loved it!I recommend this book to friends and many of them say , `` Oh , that book ? It 's so weird . '' But you 'd be surprised ; when you read it , it 's almost like looking into a mirror of our world 's future . It really makes you think -- is this where we 're headed?Buy it . I ca n't guarantee you 'll like it the first time you read it , but give it a chance . If you want great literature , this is it ! And check out some other Ray Bradbury books and short stories too ; I highly recommend them !!
 This is a must-read book in many ways . Written in 1953 , the author was able to predict -LRB- in some fashion -RRB- the coming of Cable TV , personal music devices , and non-stop urban violence . Bradbury was a prophet.The object of Bradbury 's wrath is intellectual sloth , which , left unchecked , results in censorship and a barbarous society where everyone acts on impulse . The author does not merely elevate the importance of books while trashing the influence of media
 of the future -LRB- and , boy , is it * not * pretty ! -RRB- . For all Americans ' talk about how they do n't trust anything they see on TV , they sure do parrot what they see as fact time and again
 I 'm not one for long reviews so ... . I was kind of disappointed with the novel . I expected the greatness of 1984 and better writing . Loved the characters though . The ending , I feel , was a let down and not as well written as the first half . Read it , but I suggest 1984 or A Brave New World if you enjoy that genre , since they are better books .
 I was surprised at how good of condition the book was in when i got it ... I wouldnt mind ordering a few more from this vendor !
 Honestly ? It 's not that great . I 'm giving it four stars because it must have had some incredible super-meta-meaning back in the 1950 's . I hate to dock it points due to poor translation to modern times.I read Farenheit 451 as a student , back in the 1970 's . Afte all these years , I did n't remember the book too well , but I did remember thinking it was incredibly deep and insightful . I picked it up a few weeks ago , looking to re-engage with a classic . I found it interesting , but tedious . The book is both intriguingly written and poorly written . It is a somewhat impressionistic book , with awkward sentences that work much better after a few glasses of wine or other substance of choice . To the 1970s eye -LRB- including mine , at the time -RRB- the writing style seemed imaginative and inspired ; to the 2011 eye , it seems tiring and perhaps self-indulgent . There 's no doubt that Bradbury was a visionary who saw a lot of things coming before they actually came . That said , he nearly missed the point of it all . He saw a future of coerced conformity -LRB- in which people would be compelled to give up their books -RRB- . The more advanced insight might 've been that in a bleak future , people would happily give up their freedoms . They would n't need firemen to burn books , because they 'd voluntarily participate in their own enslavement . The incentive would be , simply , comfort . There are other writers , both fiction and non-fiction , who came a lot closer to this realization . They 'd just need an IV filled with state benefits and handouts , in return for which they 'd acquiesce in their own serfdom.It deserves the four stars , simply for being a famous classic . Nevertheless , I was left wondering whether the distopia that Bradbury described fit the threats of the 20th century but not that of the 21st .
 This book was in great shape for a used book . This was a great price for my son 's school project.Thank you
 Great buy . The book came as described and in a timely fashion . I will order from them again .
 Product in excellent shape and was shipped faster than I had expected . Great service !
 I bought this book for my personal library and was thrilled by it 's condition . It was in mint condition and the seller was great to work with . The book was delivered really quickly and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it . Thanks !
 I definitely give Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 5 stars . In this story Ray Bradbury portrays censorship in a way that only some one who thinks outside the box can . In this alternate future firemen are paid to burn books . Guy Montag is a fireman that is undecided . Every other fireman thinks only of the great blaze and wicked joy that comes from burning books . But Guy is the only one undecided . When he sets books ablaze he wonders whether this is right . One night while he was walking home from the latest book raid the awful stench of kerosene still in his hair he meets a strange girl who makes him think . What if books were not meant to burn ? This question as he knew could endanger him and his wife . So he decided that he would forget about the queer girl . He soon found that it was nigh impossible to forget her . But the next day he was called in for another book raid . This time during the raid he thought about the girl and her strange thought of him saving a book for her . As Guy and his fellow firemen sprayed on the gallons upon gallons of kerosene on the books he saw a sentence of a book he would always remember . He had only a second to think about the sentence because someone reminded him to set the blaze with his salamander engraved lighter . After that he saw one helpless book try to escape the blaze . Like a bird 's final push the book went up and down . Through out the book Guy Montag constantly battles with himself what is right and what is wrong .
 When I first read this book in high school I did not give it much consideration , but re-reading it today I can see how Bradbury was so prophetic when he wrote this masterpiece in 1950 . For example : F451-Montag 's wife uses three wall-TVs to interact with vapid strangers and act out some ridiculous made up family play day in and out.Today-consider all the social networking websites and chat rooms being used for the same purposes.F451-They use a Thimble Bumble-Bee device to personally listen to music day and night making the person oblivious to what is going on around them.Today-There is the iPod -LRB- or any MP3 device for that matter -RRB- that has drones of people walking around not acknowledging their surroundings.F451-Robotic teller machines manning the bank 24hrs a day.Today-ATMsF451-There is a list of books that the firemen do not burn because they are acceptable -LRB- to keep the populace docile and complacent -RRB- . Today-Oprah 's Book of the Month Club .
 I enjoy visions of the future whether it 's in films or books . Ridley Scott 's Blade Runner -LRB- 1982 -RRB- depicted a society where the majority of people had settled on distant planets , while Marco Brambilla 's Demolition Man -LRB- 1993 -RRB- was a peaceful world where human contact was not allowed and crime was almost non-existent . In literature , George Orwell 's 1984 -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World -LRB- 1932 -RRB- both depicted a bleak future for mankind , loveless societies with technology at the fore and the freedom of the individual vastly reduced through fear and manipulation . Reading Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 for the first time I was fascinated about how it would compare to the great dystopian novels I 'd already had the pleasure of reading.Set in an unspecified future Fahrenheit 451 follows the story of Guy Montag , a fireman who goes through life without asking questions and abiding by the rules . Firemen in Bradbury 's future are not the fire fighters we are accustomed to but fire starters ! In this society it is illegal to own or read books and anyone caught doing so must hand them over to the fire service or suffer the consequences . The title of the book refers to the temperature at which the books burn , and as can be expected fire plays a big part in the novel . Guy Montag 's life is turned upside down by an encounter with his free-spirited neighbour , Clarisse McClellan , whose outlook on life is in direct contrast to Montag as she dares to ask why in a society that is not to be questioned or reasoned with . From meeting McClellan , Montag begins to question his own existence , his relationship with his wife , Mildred , his work as a fireman and whether books really should be forbidden . The book follows the change in Montag 's life and the consequences it has.As with other dystopian novels , Fahrenheit 451 is often frightening when you consider such a reality in our own world . The idea that books are forbidden for the thoughts and stories they convey and are simply not to be harboured by the population is difficult to understand . By robbing the world of books Bradbury 's characters are almost lifeless . Montag 's wife , Mildred , is addicted to TV walls , constantly discussing the images with her friends and hounding her husband for a fourth TV wall . This form of entertainment has become the staple of society and is much preferred for the images projected ensure the viewer does n't need to use their imagination or think . A stark contrast to books.The penalty for hording books is best reflected when Montag and his fellow firemen are called to a house where an old woman has many books stashed . After refusing to destroy her precious collection the old woman waits until the firemen have their backs turned before starting a blaze of her own , destroying both her house and her books , and taking her own life in the process . The event rocks Montag severely as does the disappearance of Clarisse McClellan who we do not see again but Montag is assured she is dead . These changes force Montag not only to question the morality of society but to begin keeping books himself and reading them ! The change in Montag is wonderfully crafted , the idea that he has no life prior to the meeting with Clarisse McClellan but in discovering the beneficial elements of books he feels more alive than ever , though his transgressions leave him a wanted man.When Clarisse McClellan is out of the picture , Montag has to turn to an English professor , Faber , who begins teaching him about the significance of books to human history and how they should still be relevant in the present . While Montag begins to learn about books he has to deal with his wife , Mildred , who is reluctant to have books in her house but also with his boss , Beatty , who suspects Montag 's wavering stance but proceeds to spare him punishment by assuring him possession of a book by a fireman for 24 hours is acceptable so long as the said book is then destroyed . Montag 's brief meetings with Clarisse McClellan and his new found need for independence and the ability to choose means he eventually has to leave the society that has been his whole life or have his existence cut terribly short.When Montag is on the run the novel gathers pace as he first fends off firemen and then the relentless mechanical hounds . After eluding capture Montag has helicopters to contend with and these scenes reflect the stranglehold of the society over its subjects . One man steps out of line by reading and keeping books , and all of a sudden firemen , mechanical hounds and helicopters are all devoted to his capture . Montag 's decision to defy society costs him everything he ever knew and if that 's not enough of a problem , he also has to face up to the onset of war!Fahrenheit 451 can sit proudly amongst the other dystopian novels of the 21st century . Working round the theme of book burning , Bradbury expertly fashions a world where the individual is a mindless minion and helps add weight to the argument of the importance of books . Bradbury 's novel may not predict the Internet but it does suggest books will be obsolete in favour of technology . Prior to the Harry Potter novels there was a growing fear that children 's love of books was decreasing fast but now their enthusiasm has been somewhat restored . It 's unlikely a future like Fahrenheit 451 will come to be but the book should stand as a warning of a way of living we simply could n't allow to happen .
 I read this book way back in high school , but after Mr. Bradbury 's recent demise -LRB- and the youtube channel vlogbrother 's choice of this for their summer read -RRB- I decided to pick it up again . Once again , reading a book that I either did n't like or did n't understand in school has blown me away later in life . For those of you who are encountering this classic for the first time , Fahrenheit 451 , in a nutshell , is a book about a future society that , for a combination of different reasons , has decided to ban all books and the main character , Guy Montag , is a content fireman -LRB- i.e. book-burner -RRB- who has a crisis of conscience over his job . What Mr. Bradbury seems to be saying , to me at least , is that a life that is devoid of critical thought , which is something that books easily facilitate , is no life at all . Nearly all the characters who have turned their backs on books are seemingly dead and alive at the same time , just like many of the mechanical devices that populate the book like the electric hound and the one-eyed snake . It also feels like a a caution against both anti-intellectualism and intellectualism as embodied in the character and antagonist Fire Chief Beatty . Beatty relishes burning books and has clearly turned his back on them , but uses quotes and arguments from books to try to manipulate Montag back into the field . I only give it four stars though because Fahrenheit 451 has this strange habit of moving along really fast at times -LRB- not uncommon in a book that is less than 200 pages -RRB- , but can also feel really slow too . It is easy to miss crucial details , especially in part 2 . But do n't let this criticism fool you . This has now easily worked it 's way onto my favorites shelf and is a great introduction for readers interested in dystopian future novels like1984 -LRB- Signet Classics -LRB- Paperback -RRB- -RRB- -LSB- 1984 -LRB- SIGNET CLASSICS -LRB- PAPERBACK -RRB- -RRB- -RSB- by Orwell , George -LRB- Author -RRB- on Jul , 01 , 1950 Mass Market Paperbound .
 My older sister had to read this book for school way back when I was maybe 12 years old . She left it sitting around and one rainy summer day back in the 70 's I picked it up and was hooked . I read everything Bradbury wrote like a warm knife going through butter . My love of reading can be traced back to this book . His recent death triggered me to think about how much he meant to me as a boy growing into a young man , and I thought I 'd pick up something as a sort of memorial to him . I had n't read anything of his in probably 35 years , and to be honest I felt like maybe it would n't be that good going back to re-read them . I mean , could they actually live up to my memories ? Wow , and then some ! His writing is poetry , magic and a sincere look at the human condition . It is as timely today as it was when he wrote it , maybe more so . Should still be required reading in our schools . Thank you Ray Bradbury for the worlds you created , they were wonderful places to visit !
 Is the book outdated ? Have people finally learned that they are closing their minds ? Unfortunately people still need the message of Fahrenheit 451 . Most people are still convinced that God becomes angry and , what is worse , far worse , they are still burning books today when they ignore new ideas .
 This book was insane ! Ca n't believe it took me this long to read this Classic . Truly a scary world that Bradbury created .
 Grateful I stumbled upon this book . A fantastic read . Timeless and incredibly thought provoking.If the summary grabs you at all , give it a chance .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a science fiction thriller that should be made into a better movie . There was a movie made in 1966 but it did not translate as well from the book . As far as the book , it is a well-written book about government control.Knowledge and the application of knowledge -LRB- specialized knowledge -RRB- is important and essential . Much of that knowledge will come from books . When the government banned books , it is easy for them to `` re-write '' history then control and manipulate its people.Images of the mechanical hound , the burning books , etc. are engraved in my mind whenever I read this classic novel . Just like `` 1984 '' , `` Brave New World '' , and `` Animal Farm '' , this classic `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is well-written literature with an important theme.JR FelisildaAuthor of the book , `` Nanay
 Just an amazing piece of classic literature . Glad it is now on Kindle but i still want a hard copy .
 This is such an amazing novel , everybody should read it because of its message . While some books become outdated , this novel is still relevant today .
 I have n't read this book for some time , but in my town 's recent election , we voted down a library tax nearly 2 to 1 . Upset , I wrote a `` scorching '' essay to the local paper about how we should just burn our books if we refuse to fund the library.Writing the essay allowed me to appreciate just how brilliant this book is . It is dubbed a `` classic '' for a reason - the residue will remain with you long after you have read it . It has been about five years since I read this book , but I still recall many details , themes and characters in the novel with great clarity.A book to make you passionate about reading books ! Self-serving , maybe , but what wonderful treasures they are . And to find a book that so opens the mind and stirs the soul is priceless . If you have n't read this book -LRB- why not ?!? -RRB- it is without a doubt worth your time - and you , fair reader , deserve the enjoyment it will bring you . For those who 've had the pleasure of reading the book , let me say I 'm going to dust off my copy . I hope you do the same .
 Everyone who reads this book -LRB- but especially Americans -RRB- should be outraged . Bradbury takes an ugly stick and beats the present day American philosophy down with it . We are a society based on instant gratification . Our slogan is `` Right here , Right now . It 's your Right ! '' -LRB- How many magazines about fashion , cars , and the ever expanding number of ways to cook chicken can we read before our curiousity is deadened ? -RRB- . This is the type of thinking that Bradbury criticized . What especially frightened me was the concept of MAKING everyone equal . Paradoxally , this is the dumbing down of America , so that no one could be made to feel dumb . It is in settling for society 's values without critical judgement that we give up our freedom . Thank you , Mr. Bradbury , for putting it much more eloquently and forcefully than I ever could . Now everyone out there reading this ... BUY the book , READ the book , then tell me if you are n't outraged at the lack of neuron firings in the heads of our society .
 Ray Bradbury is amazing . Fahrenheit 451 is an amazing book . So amazing in fact that I did my senior research paper on it . The plot is about Guy Montag -LRB- protagonist -RRB- learning about censorship and the death that accompanies it . The symbolism is very deep in this book . For example , the story mentions burning books , which is linked to destroying knowledge . Through intricately woven twists , it becomes apparent that Bradbury wants us to realize that knowledge and individuality are the keys to being alive and that when those are lost , regardless of our medical condition , we are dead.The obvious theme is of course censorship , but if you 're willing to read it carefully and give some serious thought as to what 's being said , you can see a much deeper message . This book should be required for admittance to society . Read it . You wo n't be disappointed.And do n't pay any attention to those negative reviews - they are the people that this book talks about
 Bradbury expounds a firghtening message in Farenheit 451 . The book details life where firefighters burn the corpus of many well known authors such as Faulkner and Shakespeare . The book shows the importance of an outlet where people can express their ideas.This message is increasingly important as we near the horrific society portrayed in bradbury 's novel . Like the society in F451 we are becoming dependent on television . Books are in a period of quiesence.The book sends it 's theme , but it sends it with a hammer . If my memory serves , the book is no larger than 170 pp . Bradbury innundates every paragraph towards the end with his theme . The book is overly sententious , and I wish it was longer . The end seemed rushed and out of a cheesy b movie.Despite this flaw , Bradbury 's prose is to die for . In simple , specific words Bradbury manages to convey a convoluted theme . This will remain a classic for years to come , that is if we still have books . Hopefully , F451 will recrudese book 's in the future . One can only hope that our grand children will giggle over Wodehouse or marvel at F451 .
 As 1984 becomes less relevant as a work , this novel becomes annually scarier and scarier . Everyone remembers that they burn books in this novel -- what they forget is why . Bradbury 's world is one where -- -- anything that might offend any special group is repressed -- anything that might require people to think is repressed -- people sit and stare endlessly at wall-sized tv 's -- suicide is rampant and unremarkable -- people lead life at breakneck speed to avoid thinking or feeling In short , Bradbury has created a world which is frighteningly close to the one in which we live . Even if you THINK you remember this work , it is time to reread it . Book burning is by far the least scary prediction Bradbury has made here .
 The classic novel , '' Fahrenheit 451 , '' by Ray Bradbury , takes a journey into the future . The novel is about a fire fighter named Guy Montag whose job is to actually start fires . In the society of the future , no one asks questions or thinks for themselves . Montag and his fire starting colleagues are paid to light books on fire and watch them burn . Montag meets a seventeen-year old girl who tells him about times when people treasured books and when a fireman 's job was to extinguish fires . Filled with curiosity about the past , Montag starts hiding books in his home and reading them . His wife reveals his secret to his co-workers and Montag is forced to burn his own stash . Montag then meets philosophers who have stored the contents of books in their heads so that when people need and want the knowledge , it is there.Bradbury brings out a statement of theme that is not revealed without careful analysis of the story . The theme that Bradbury presents is that even the simplest things are important and make up a culture and society as we know it . One man realizes this and finds in himself that he was allowed to appreciate and
 While sometimes hard to follow , Ray Bradbury 's science fiction classic is still intense and searing when at its best and bears many frightening resemblences to our own world . This futuristic civilization regards cursory items such as magazines as better than books ; the television has pretty much taken over ; there 's even a mention of kids frequently killing each other . Pretty amazing stuff , considering Bradbury wrote this way back in 1953 . At least we have n't gone so far as to burn all books , but who knows ; maybe things will get so bad that we just might ... CALLING ALL GUY MONTAGS !
 This book is a classic on censorship . It also probes at human values and is almost existential in Guy 's conflict over the wrong he feels is being committed in the burning of the books . This could even be a chapter out of Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' in that the public is conditioned by what they can and can not read through censorship . An essential for anyone .
 To you reviewers who had to read this book for school and hated it
 Now I did not have to read this for school like most people who wrote these reviews so that may have allowed me to enjoy the book for it 's enternainment while still being taught immensely rather than forcing myself to look for the knowledge within and miss the entertainment . School would be so much fun -LRB- english & history -RRB- if I could read everything as if I were doing it to entertain myself and not because I have to . My state of mind may have been the factor that made this one of the most exciting and meaninful books I have ever read.Every politician should this to learn what democracy is not . Not that I think such a regime could take over in the near future with the freedom of speech on devices such as the internet and the continous poplularity of books . But by not giving his tale a date shows that such a world could come into being any time without warning if people simply forget . The theme of the book is the answer to anyone who asks what the purpose is of learning history . Montag is forced to watch his wife and the rest of a doomed society as it repeats history and mindlessly involves itself in war . The book is not so much about the importance of books but the importance of knowledge . Bradbury shows that a civilized society must always remember and can not always be happy.The second half reads like an action story without straying from the theme and it is made obvious where Steven King was influenced to write the unrecognized but I think great book The Running Man .
 I LOVED this book . For me , it gave a jolt of fear on the possibility of a world like that one , though ours is not too far away . I 've read two other books of Bradbury 's but I 'd have to say this is my favorite . I would recommend it to anyone who has a passion for books and reading , for it caters to them . I would read it just for Beatty 's dream about his quoting battle with Montag , but I guess you 'll have to read it ...
 This has become probably my favorite book . The language that Bradbury uses in this novel is odd but very well used . It is like stream of conciousness , flitting from one thing to the next . It works because that 's how thoughts -LRB- mine at least -RRB- tend to run through the mind . I doubt the future described in this book will ever be fully realized , but mindless generations now being raised , that have n't enough imagination for reading , may lead us in that direction . I love this book , I recommend it to anyone who likes to read .
 Seriously , it is . I could never imagine a world without books . That is like a world without oxygen . Okay maybe not that bad . However , the story line of this book is excellent . It is also fast paced and short . It is the ultimate book on censorship .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is an interesting novel filled with lots of hidden meaning and excellent in depth characters . The story takes place in a futuristic American city where censorship runs wild . Books are banned and firemen no longer put out fires , in this city they start the fires . Burning books is a way to control the population and stop people from having original thoughts of their own . With an overwhelming entertainment industry controlling every aspect of people 's lives , the people feel content being ignorant and have a false sense of happiness . Guy Montag is the main character in the story . He is a fireman by trade and burns books to stop people from questioning their surroundings and to `` keep everybody happy . '' He never questions his job or his marriage until he meets Clarisse McClellan . She is a young girl of seventeen and is different from the rest of the people . She questions the world and book burning and this is what starts to sway Montag into questioning his world . Soon Montag realizes his wife Mildred Montag is just a hollow shell that does not love him , actually she loves nobody and cares only for a family that only exists on television.With this realization Mantag sets out to change things if not on a large scale maybe just for himself . Meeting professor Faber teaches Montag about the meaning and purpose books . Montag decides to no longer burn books , instead he decides to preserve them . He does this with the help of some hobo 's he meets outside the city after fleeing from prosecution for protecting the written word.Clarisse is a character I can definitely relate to . Her outlook on life and the small quirks that make us wise and happy are the things she notices instead of the mass entertainment that envelops us all . By accepting the role of an outcast and continuing her intellectual quest to better the world , she displays her huge will power . With such will power the majority of the people could find peace in whom they are , instead of always conforming.I enjoyed the meaning of this book but found that the author used far too much symbolism . The imagery hid the plot and story line of the book . I thoroughly enjoyed the parts where he rebelled against the system , especially the part in which he recites poetry to the hollow beings on television destroying their happiness by shattering what keeps them happy and content . He used a type of a `` mirror '' to show them their terrible faults . After hearing the poem they realized that their actions have been unforgivable and become consumed by guilt and tears . If I could , I would increase the action of the story by making Montag act in defiance of the system in more places in the book . This would give his actions a sense of great accomplishment instead of just another try at what had been tried and failed so many times.This is a good book to teach the value and wealth of knowledge contained in books and arts . Without literature and the arts we ca n't record the feeling or motives of the present and the future can not benefit from the great trials and tribulations that the human spirit endures every second of every day .
 I originally picked up Farenheit 451 for a summer reading book but in being touched deeply by this book and the realization that the book was n't on my summer reading list I realized it was much more than just a quick read . I love reading but this book really made me think about how some of my friends despise reading . Now , it does n't seem like much , but in Guy Montag 's society , the main character , reading and just owning books was a crime . I started thinking about how much knowledge can be attained through books , and this book made me think about what books offer . That is because this book offers so much to the reader . The only thing I did n't like about this book was that it had no closing to the story . I personally like closings but some people like to imagine the end and it always works for teachers to have a finish the book kind of project . But anyway , this is a truly great book .
 Bradbury writes in 1951 of a future America that is somewhat of a caricature of present day America , where shallowness prevails . In this America book reading is both unpopular and forbidden - and a house containing books is burnt down.Bradbury writes out of love for knowledge and human potential , and out of total disdain for shallowness and mediocracy . Writing in 1951 , his ideas leave out the important achievements of non-White civilizations , but this does not take away from the power of his message.I have thoroughly enjoyed reading this book , and found it very stimulating . The language is not merely used to convey ideas ot events - it has a life and beauty of its own.I recommend it to anyone who loves to read .
 The novel Fahrenheit 451 is a great Sci-Fi written by Ray Bradbury . that is about censorship . It is revolves around a man named guy Montag he is a firemen . In that time books are illegal they are against the law to own book and more so to read them . Firemen do n't stop fires they start them by burning the books that people have illegally . Liked doing his job until one day a women killed her self for the books she owned . After that Montag plays seesaw from being a fireman or a rebel reading books.Fahrenheit 451 is one of the greatest sci-fi novels I read so far . Ray Bradbury did excellent in this book . His writing is so good that you can see what he is thinking about the pitcher is so vivid that it is like watching a real movie . He also had a great scene of the future he explained every thing well he did n't leave you guessing how the stuff worked . He is truly the greatest book that he is written . The best part of the book is how much information he gives about his character . You can image how Montag would be if he was real.An excellent part of the book is the ending it lives you guessing what is going to happen to him . I think that the author did this so the reader makes the ending whatever you wanted to be . Over the entire book are five stars . This is the best science fiction book I ever read.Fahrenheit is great for the kids that say that books never have anything good in them . It is also good for science fiction readers , it is a great sci-fi book . This is also good for people that believe that the government is controlling us . Or the people that do n't like censorship .
 This is one of my favorite books . It 's a great tale about utopia , censorship , and decline of our collective culture into a mass of visual goo . It 's Bradbury at his best . He kind of cheats a little with the ending , but the overall quality and message of the book makes it one of the finest pieces of literature out there .
 The novel Fahrenheit 451 tells us about a time in the future in which books are illegal to read or posses , and firemen are n't employed to save houses -LRB- because they are virtually fire resistant -RRB- , but to burn books . Guy Montag , a fireman , and the story 's main character , enjoys the destruction and burning of the books and he is constantly soaked in the smell of kerosene . Montag had a weird feeling about things , but was n't quite sure what it was . He was like all the other people , in that he would just keep going ahead to where he was going , not looking at what he was walking past or paying much attention to things . Except one night he stopped and met a girl who told him of the past where people were allowed to think , to read , and to have original ideas for themselves , and the ability to write them down and share them with others.As the story goes on , it deals with his drug-abusing wife and her weird friends . Also there are crews of people that are out to save people that try to committee suicide due to the high suicide rate . The reader discovers the ways that the society works , about how people are not unique , not knowing their own neighbors , and how the television thinks for everyone so that they do n't have to.This book shows a future where it is nearly impossible to be a freethinking individual . Ray Bradbury 's descriptive writing makes the story easy to read and hard to put down . The story thickens , twists , and curves with every page as Montag is forced to go on the run from a mechanical hound whose only mission is to destroy Montag . It is a book that everyone should try to read . It really makes the reader think about how our future may turn out like this someday .
 this was the first bradbury that i have tackled , so i am not entirely sure if bradbury 's style is always so greyfor this book however , the splashing about in the language was a good thing , and fit the material.rather scary how closely the world here resmebles our own , with the mass of the public simply too enveloped in their own ignorance , and happy about it.fairly quick read , and worthwhile .
 I had n't read this Bradbury 's classic for 15 years . I had 14 years old then and though I liked it , I appreciate it now even more . Should I think I was not mature enough to understand all the ins and outs of the book?When Ray Bradbury published his Fahrenheit 451 several decades ago , he depicted a decaying society , only preoccupied by its facade of happiness . Not that people are entirely free of the usual constraints but everything is done through games , shows , comics for them to forget the notion of thinking , source of all distress and misery . Those who resist are destroyed , dangerous books -LRB- those * who * make think -RRB- are burnt . And finally , does it work after so much trouble?Well , at first sight , it depends on the basic purpose of the system . If its aim is to make people happy , it 's undoubtedly a catastrophic failure . On the other hand , if it plans on making people believe they are happy or at least act as if they were , the answer may appear less immediate but little by little , you realize that for most of the characters , and therefore for probably most of the society , it comes to the same thing.Montag , the fireman who burns the books , is suddenly confronted to the emptiness of his life . Is he happy ? No . He will refuse the system and fight , like Granger and the old Faber . Mildred , Montag 's wife , has accepted it all . It 's so practical for her to live without thinking , with a virtual family on screens around the walls of the parlor . She has friends she can talk with . She has plenty of leisure , goes on parties , but is she happy ? Can she be happy when she frequently needs a bunch of pills to get dopey to the point of risking her life ? Obviously not . Same for her friends , you 'll see it fast.Two characters are really apart in this book.Clarisse , for example , does n't like or hate that fake prosperity , simply because she does n't care . She just does what she likes and she 's happy . It 's probably the only person you 'll meet who is . Unfortunately , it will kill her but her short encounter with Montag will have been fundamental.Okay , I admit it , even if he 's not from the `` good '' side , I 've a compassion of some sort for the last important character of the story , Captain Beatty , the firemen 's chief . He 's really disconcerting , an opponent worthy of Montag . You quickly feel his cogency , his volubility . Despite his current lifework , it 's easy to suspect he read a lot in the past and reflected over everything . He would once have been a precious ally for Montag but now , it 's too late . He abides by the system and resigned himself , sincerely convinced of its ineluctability . So , of course , he must oppose Montag . The way he dies , the way he chooses to die , is terrible and you 'll realize then what despair has haunted that man , how strong his disgust of life has been.Oh , while I 'm writing this , I 've just remembered a scenery . In fact , each time I think about Fahrenheit , this one always comes to my mind . At a certain point of the 2nd part , Montag thrust himself in the parlor occupied by Mildred and her friends who were watching their favorite show on the 3 walls , the White Cartoon Clown . Montag pulls the switch , and after some words exchanged about the coming war , he simply says `` Let 's talk . '' The passage that immediately follows his request is powerful , from the bewildering words of Mrs Phelps about the children she never had to the furor of Montag appealing them to get out of his house , it 's a total delight ! I guess it 's only there that the reader discovers in what terribly absurd world s/he was dived . This passage is a great moment of literature history , I swear you ! : -RRB- If you make up your mind and wish to buy that magnum opus , I suggest you buy the 40th anniversary edition for Fahrenheit deserves a choice place in your library . The dustcover is beautiful , with the back reproducing the original illustration . Now , let 's remove delicately the dust cover . Wow , there 's a nice hardcover under it , the main sides are light brown and my fingers can feel the author 's name raised slightly in the same color :-RRB- and on the black edge , title , author and editor are in gold letters . Hum ! Hum ! What 's more ? Ah , yes , a very interesting and recent foreword by Ray Bradbury , very instructive , it explains everything
 Books are dangerous . They 're full of ideas that make people think about the world , feel passion , and perhaps act out . That 's not good for society ; it causes conflict , uprising , and interference with the status quo . People who read and think scare people who do n't , so most citizens have happily given up the right to decide what to think about and now let the government fill their brains with constant loud mindless entertainment . This managed input has equalized society ; nobody feels inferior to anyone else and there 's no conflict anymore . Dull minds , constant entertainment , and conformity make society run smoothly.Guy Montag works as a fireman . He burns books at night while his wife sits in her parlor and listens to inane media shows at high volume . But Clarice , the teenager next door , is different . Her family sits around and talks . They discuss things and they laugh with each other . Guy wonders what they talk about as he watches his wife talk to the strangers on TV and pop sleeping pills ... Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 presents a possible frightening future in which intellectual pursuits and nonconformity are deemed dangerous and subversive . It 's been more than half a century since Fahrenheit 451 was published and we 've seen censorship laws actually become looser over the years and the advent of the internet has brought on the current `` information age . '' But that does n't make Fahrenheit 451 irrelevant because it 's about much more than literary censorship . It 's about freedom of speech and individual rights . It 's about thinking for ourselves and what might happen if we let the government tell us what we can see , hear , or own.Fahrenheit 451 resonates with me on so many levels . First of all , it 's just superbly written . I love Bradbury 's intense style which translates especially well on Blackstone Audio 's version read by Christopher Hurt -LRB- sample -RRB- . Here he describes the show that Mrs Montag watches all day : A great thunderstorm of sound gushed from the walls . Music bombarded him at such an immense volume that his bones were almost shaken from their tendons ; he felt his jaw vibrate , his eyes wobble in his head . He was a victim of concussion . When it was all over he felt like a man who had been thrown from a cliff , whirled in a centrifuge and spat out over a waterfall that fell and fell into emptiness and emptiness and never -- quite -- touched -- bottom -- never -- never -- quite -- no not quite -- touched -- bottom ... and you fell so fast you did n't touch the sides either ... never ... quite ... touched ... anything.The thunder faded . The music died . `` There , '' said Mildred . And it was indeed remarkable . Something had happened . Even though the people in the walls of the room had barely moved , and nothing had really been settled , you had the impression that someone had turned on a washing-machine or sucked you up in a gigantic vacuum . You drowned in music and pure cacophony . He came out of the room sweating and on the point of collapse . Behind him , Mildred sat in her chair and the voices went on again ... Second , I share Bradbury 's ardent passion for knowledge and learning . The thought of lost information , burned books , mindless entertainment , meaningless small-talk , conformity , and intellectual malaise makes my stomach twist . I do n't believe that we 're in danger of the anti-intellectualism that Bradbury posits , but still his ideas get me riled up.Third , I 'll admit that I 'm a rebel at heart . While I recognize that obeying laws and paying taxes are a necessary part of living in a well-functioning society , I feel mostly distrustful and suspicious when the government increases taxes , takes over more functions in society , tells us what to believe , and tries to revoke constitutional freedoms . In this context , Bradbury 's possible future does n't seem so impossible anymore.I 'm pleased that my school district assigns Fahrenheit 451 in its middle-school curriculum , though I find it a bit ironic that some publishers have edited the language to make it more `` suitable '' for teenagers .
 An important statement against censorship and anti-intellectualism , Fahrenheit 451 presents a prophetic vision of a world where people are pre-occupied by ` popular entertainment ' and distracted away from any serious thought and true learning -LRB- as represented by books -RRB- . The disturbing similarity of this fictional world to the one we actually live in today , makes this a thought-provoking must-read . I must say , however , that I am not a big fan of the writing style . Points are driven home without much subtlety . It even sounds a little preachy in places . This style actually takes away from the importance of the message for me , much the same way that an over-eager preacher can sometimes diminish the impact of an important sermon . Even the imagery of book-burning , though very provocative , ultimately makes the world of Fahrenheit 451 seem more un-real and distant from ours than it actually is.The other problem is that the book never gets past the central premise to explore questions like why or how such a world might come to pass in any real detail . This is probably because it was originally written as a short novella . However , in this case , I would have liked to see a sequel!In the end , this is the kind of book that every thinking person should read for themselves , so read it and make up your own mind ! : -RRB-
 I 've been checking out some of the classics that I never gave a chance while in high school , now that I 'm a much more aware and mature reader . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was something I always wanted to read but never got around to it . Well , I have finally read it and the time was very much well spent . Ray Bradbury offers a bleak and dim future where thinking for yourself is against the law.Guy Montag 's life had always been simple . He understood the order of things , and he understood the nature of his job . He was a fireman , and that entailed burning books and burning down the buildings that hid them . He never questioned it once and never felt guilty for what he was doing . Things take a different route when he meets a peculiar girl who asks the tough questions that he has never had to answer . And with those questions , he starts to think and wonder why things are the way they are . Ever since the meeting with this stranger , Montag is curious about the true nature of his job , leading to dangerous revelations that will put his very life in jeopardy.Bradbury has created a magnificent piece of literature that attacks censorship and the numbing of society head on with no regrets and no remorse . He does n't need to give us an exact year of this future , as that makes it all the more frightening . Even though this is a work of fiction , it seems so realistic and so possible that all of this could really happen to us . Think about it . We are now a `` TV Generation '' who spend a lot less time reading , people are trying to ban different types of books for different reasons , and anything that is deemed `` unpleasant '' is demanded to be `` fixed '' or `` taken care of '' so we can all feel happy and not deal with the pain and troubles of life . Bradbury captures all of this and does not give you a bitter rant about today 's youth , but he uses all of that negative energy and creates something so profound and well established . It 's no mistake that this fine novel has sold millions upon millions of copies and is forever deemed a classic.The writing is simple to read and it is a short book . You will have to give it a few pages before you can really get into it all , but make sure that you stick with it . Once it gets moving , there 's no stopping the pages . Bradbury is great with imagery and provides excellent descriptions -- but never goes overboard with them . It 's such a short read that you could most likely finish it in a day or two if you put the effort into it . Turn off that TV for just a few hours or so and pick this up ! It definitely sticks in your head once it 's all said and done , and you will be thinking about everything that has transpired in this book . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a tremendous work of fiction that is both thought-provoking and terrifying -LRB- in a subtle way -RRB- . It really goes to show you how terrible things can get if censorship wins , and it really can happen if you think about it . If you have n't given this a read yet , I strongly encourage you to pick up a copy as soon as you can . This is a book that I know I will be re-reading again in the very near future . - Michael Crane
 Ray Bradbury has taken an issue so overlooked even today , to have written something about the topic of censorship in the 1950s was quite a daring act . Ray Bradbury did it well enough , and with his ficticious novel Fahrenheit 451 he explores the horrible underbelly of education and society , and forces the reader to re-examine the values of our society.In the novel , the main character -LRB- protaganist -RRB- Guy Montag , is a fireman , but not what you 'd expect , his job is to burn books and the houses that contain them , but then he meets a young woman named Clarisse who teaches him the wonderful truth of books , and a place where imagination and thinking are praised . Montag become obsessive with the idea of obtaining books , knowing that they must be wonderful treasures , so great , that people would give up their lives for them.Soon , like most things in life Clarisse fades away , but so does the thin strand that was Montag 's grip on life . He seems to spin out of control , the books that he once destroyed now seemed to be destroying him , becoming his every obsession . Montag finds himself becoming afraid of everyone and everything , and he feels alone , unable to be helped.Fahrenheit 451 is a fabulous book dealing with an issue that still badgers people today even in the 21st century
 This book pictures a world where , in order to keep everybody happy and orderly , books are denied the public and burned when found . Guy Montag -LRB- the central character -RRB- is a fireman -LRB- a servant of the public who burns books -RRB- who 's life is turned around by several cicumstances . He meets a mysterious teenage girl on the sidewalk every night on his way home from work and gets into deep conservations with her . She opens his eyes to the world around him and leaves him hungering for something he ca n't explain . His wife is a virtual reality junkie and spends all her time listening to the radio or conversing with her electronic `` relatives '' via VR . Montag begins to see his wife as an empty , meaningless shell of a being and begins to steal books from the houses he burns.The characters are real and you understand them . The setting and technology is n't futuristic but that 's not the focus . The plot is n't spell-binding , but it is interesting and it keeps your interest . While the book is short , it is full of symbols , representations , and philosophy . A similar book to this is `` Brave New World '' written by Aldous Huxley . In both novels , books are outlawed.Overall , the book focuses on the mind of man and what can prompt him to do certain things . This book may sound like a boring essay , but it 's not . It makes you think and examine life in a different light .
 We live in a disposable society , where we are expected to do and say everything we are `` taught '' by the `` great educator '' , Television . Farenheit 451 is one of the most revealing books ever written and after 46 years , remains to be relevant . The reason being , it was written as science fiction and is slowly , but surely , becoming science fact . Although , I 'm sure that he never meant it to be so , Mr. Bradbury has predicted the future to a degree.The main character , Guy Montag , is a man who is just doing his job . He 's a fireman , which is kind of strange , because in the future everything is fireproof ... except for books . Books have been outlawed , and it is the job of the fireman to find and burn hidden stashes of books . Why would someone want to burn books ? you might be asking yourself.Throughout history man has always burned books that go against his
 This Book Burns Your Brain!Ray Bradbury fires out another hit with Fahrenheit 451 . This science fiction novel captures a society where books are outlawed . Fahrenheit 451 tingles your senses in trying to imagine a world with no written literature . Trying to imagine a society without any books is mind boggling and upsetting . Just think of how books effect our everyday lives . For instance , you would n't be reading this right now because I would n't be allowed to read this book and write about it . Bradbury paints a realistic image about a fictional society that replaces books with television because reading books or having them in your possession is illegal . The thing that is so realistic about this society that Bradbury creates is that it could very easily be the society that we live in . Our society spends so many hours watching television and watching movies that one day we could question the value of books and what they bring to our lives . The government controls censors of what we watch on television and one day they could prevent us from reading books because they have the power to do so . Guy Montag , the protagonist of the story , is a firefighter who instead of extinguishing fires , sets them . Books are supposed to be his enemy and he sets his enemy on fire with kerosene as his fuel . After Guy meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan , he starts to question the world that he lives in . He starts to wonder if books do have any real value like Clarisse says they do . She tells him how rich they are and how he should read one of them because it is a great experience . After he reads a book , he realizes that he does not want to live in this censored society any longer . The plot of the book then becomes Montag 's journey with his internal conflict of censorship . He can not live in this ignorant society and struggles to get himself out of it . Bradbury , in Fahrenheit 451 , has a very enjoyable writing style . His plot is fast-moving and his descriptions of characters and scenes are explicit . He beautifully depicts this futuristic society and the people that live in it . Overall , this is a work of art from Bradbury . This book was a fiery blast from start to finish . The suspense of this book never let you out of its inferno . For under six bucks you can hold the fire of the future in your hand .
 After listening to the excellent Book-On-Tape version of this book , I was depressed for a week . So why am I giving it five stars ? Because this book and its characters affected me so much , this book literally forced me to reexamine the relationships in my own life.You surely know the basic story , from the Amazon description if from nowhere else . This is a depiction of a sick , but not unfathomable society . Science has advanced to the point where homes are constructed in such a way that they can not burn , unless the fire is intentional . Firemen still exist , but they are only called out to burn books , and the houses -LRB- and sometimes people -RRB- that contain and love them.The concept is chilling , but the psychological effects of such a super-paranoid society are what I could not get out of my head . Guy Montag is a fireman , has been for decades . But in the back of his mind is an itch , that little spark of human curiosity that has n't quite been burned out of him yet . He meets a girl , Clarisse , who is n't like all of the other people left in the world . She laughs , and does n't conform , and challenges him with thoughts that she could not have gotten from the ubiquitous video walls that occupy most people 's lives.Guy 's curiosity is stoked , and adventures ... somewhat depressing adventures , ensue ... By the end of this chilling and frightening experience -LRB- which includes , by the way , scarily prescient `` Reality television '' shows a la Stephen King 's The Running Man or Fox 's Cops -RRB- , like I said , I was depressed for a week . But I also found myself listening more to people , turning off the television to spend time with my wife , and ultimately inspired to stop being such a go-with-the-flow zombie that our shrink-wrapped culture demands .
 An excellent novel , but terrifying due to its plausibility . Not only , in today 's society , does the story created by Bradbury seem possible , but it seems as if it could occur shortly . It does give one ideas to consider , especially about the mores of our society . Other than the underlying themes , this is wholly a good book . The plot is entertaining and fast-paced , and the characters are wonderfully developed . The humorous , futuristic household items , and some of the characters ' attitudes lighten the mood and keep the book from becoming too cynical . Overall , this is an excellent book worth reading .
 Ray Bradbury 's classic vision of a prophetic destruction of society is beautifully addressed in Fahrenheit 451 . It shows how the incineration of books , symbols for intelligence and wisdom , lead to nothing but ignorance and collectivist states of society that will eventually destroy mankind . The protagonist , Montag , is however an individualist in this futuristic society who stands for his own beliefs and does not conform to his destructive surroundings . This is a very powerful novel , however Ray Bradbury may have been inspired by other writers with the original idea of literature devoted to individualism . It was written in 1951 , around the same time that George Orwell 's 1984 was written . However the genius with this original and very revolutionary idea of incorporating individualism into literature is Ayn Rand , who wrote the classic novelette , Anthem , in 1937 . Anyone who enjoyed Fahrenheit 451 will enjoy Anthem even more .
 I have enjoyed reading this book . everyone will enjoy it after the first reading . It may be slighlty difficult in the beginning but if you continue to read you will find this book to be very deep , and compelling . I feel as if the more you read it , the more you will enjoy it because you will absorb more information that you may have missed on the first reading . Go Montag !
 Part of the appeal of this sort of book , books like ' 1984 ' or ` Brave New World ' is that we can look at them retrospectively . Written mostly in the earlier part of the last century , they predicted just what sort of messes we would have created for ourselves in the next . The ideas their authors came up with were always just possible ; in many cases some of the things the authors dreamed up came true , or almost so . It 's chilling to consider that these books were written as ` worst case scenarios ' of the time in which we now live.So it is with Fahrenheit 451 - much of the appeal of this book is it 's consideration of just how far the TV craze would go , and how dumbed down the western world would become . The book is set not very far into our future , possibly this decade - how close are we to the sort of censorship Bradbury imagined ? How much has our sense of community disappeared ? How dumb are we?The interest for me , lay in these questions . I would n't consider ` Fahrenheit 451 ' great literature . I did n't think the writing was particularly skillful , or the plot incredibly suspensful . But the ideas Bradbury writes about make this book great . It really is one of those modern classics you should bother to read , especially if you enjoy Dystopian fiction like ` The Handmaid 's Tale , ` Brave New world ' , or ' 1984 -RRB- ' or science fiction of any sort . Another one that , although it may seem like light reading or pulp as you are reading it , will stay with you for a good few days after you 've put it aside and moved onto the next book ...
 It was another great work by Bradbury . I like reading scifi books and this was the perfect book for me . I was reading it for a class in high school . I had to do a report and it was the perfect book for it . The fireman went off the hook because his mind went crazy after he heard the his boss killed a girl . I was not his fault . I would have do the same if that happened to me . I recomened the book to the scifi types . You will enjoy the fireman 's journy through life of fun until murder . You 'll love it .
 This excellent book captures a society unlike any other . In this world , books are outlawed . If you are caught with them , you are jailed and the books are burned . Guy Montag , who is the protaginist of the story , is a firefighter . However , instead of putting out fires , he starts them . He never questions the laws of this society until he meets a seventeen year old girl . She places all of these wierd thoughts and ideas into his head . From then on he questions everything . This winds up getting him in trouble . However , in the end this works out for the best . We definitely recommend this book for anyone who wants to burn their brain . For under six bucks , you can get a great thriller .
 I think that the vision of Fahreneit 451 of the future is too pessimistic , but it can be an exaggeration of the present . The people are not interested anymore in reading books , but they prefer to watch movies . The books during these last years have lost a lot of importance , and the tecnologies have been more important for the human beings . I do n`t think that our future is the same as the one in the book , but it can be a warning for everybody who loves the smell of books , touching their pages , holding them . The author I think tried to tell us that we are not going to miss the books until we have lost them .
 Being only a teenager , what I have to say usually means nothing , or gets no credit . I personally loved this book , reading it just a day ago . I was entirely captivated with the plot , and the idea of censorship in the future , and that it was precise that it being a book would be censored is unbelievable . What possesses any person to censor a book that is so realistic it is amazing . To actually prove to the writer that his writings are so precise is astonishing . I would recommend this to anyone . You do n't need to love to read , just know how to read .
 The book was very interesting because he loved to see books burn then all of the sudden he thought that they wre flesh and blood .
 When I first read this book , in sixth grade , it was amazing . It armed me with the knowledge of what the world would try to do , and has tried to do to me since then . Because I read it , I was less susceptible to the power of the media . I read it at the same time I learned about my sense of self , and it fit into my life so well . It inspired me to become a writer , because of the way it affected me . Since then I 've read it seven more times , and I 'm surprised every time at how true it rings for me .
 I thought this book was quite frightining in the way that it led me to thinking `` How could society get so obsessed with fun that they would bann books ! '' I think that fun just isnt worth it . And I also felt sorry for Guy and how he has a wife who I think never really loved him , But Im certain that she loves her `` wall family `` witch I thought that was quite sick . But I think It was best said when Guy said `` I had just been turned in by a wife who probobly 's going to forget me by tomorow . '' But I recomend this book to someone who likes a book with a compelling storyline .
 The book is complex and very interesting if you can understand where Montag is coming from . I loved it because our society is alot like the one in Bradbury 's novel but not quite that extreme . This book is not for everyone if you want an easy read this is n't the book . You have to have a higher level of thinking to understand it . The book is great for people who love to read . Word of caution
 When I got this 7th grade assinment to read this book I did n't want to do it . But once I got into the book I really enjoyed it . Some of it 's concepts are a little hard to understand , but it was a wonderful assinment . I 'm really glad my teacher gave me this assinment !
 The book it self is ok but sometimes in gets a bit weird , ray bradbury did a good job at predicting `` hearing seashells '' when he wrote this book in 1950 's
 I 'm in the process of re-reading 451 . Montag 's desparation to discover a fire within himself is such a timeless conflict . How many of us find ourselves mired in the everyday routine of a career - to come home and spend time with our `` families '' on the tv . In the end we 're racing to escape with Montag . The most important aspect of this book is what you DO after you put it down and face life again . Cheers to Mr. Bradbury for giving us something to think about long after we 're done reading his metaphoric prose .
 I had to read this book for american literature class , before I had even opened the book , less even turned a page everyone was already pleading their case that it was garbage and that they didnt want anyhting to do with it . But I proceeded to read it anyway , after the first page I was glued . I coudlnt put it down , and even when i attempted to , this books flash of the future still sent shivers up my spine . It is an excellent book , and now the kids in my class are reading it , they love it . It is definitley one of the best books Ive ever read . I think what makes it so appealing to me , is that it was written in the 1950 's and look at the reality of what he originally wrote as fiction . AMAZING !!! Bravo !!!
 This book was not about neccesarily ; the future . But it was about the society we live in today , and how actually close we really are to this horrific view of the future
 This book showed the how people con come out of hand and that you should think for ourselvs . I like this book , but some people this story is not for .
 I would say that this book deserves 5 stars . It certainly would be one of my favorite books . The way that Ray Bradbury describes all the gruesome details is suprisingly realistic , and I could easily paint a picture in my mind for every scene .
 I loved this book . As a well-rounded citizen who has been subject to almost everything , I thought this book was well written and well thought out . Like most of the other readers of this book I had to read this in school , but I was immediately drawn in by Bradbury 's estimations of what the future will be like -LRB- note this book was written in the early 1950 's -RRB- . His imagination and creativity were so real ; some of the devices in the book have since been invented . What a cool thing for Bradbury to more-or-less guess what the future is going to be like and then have some of his guesses come true . I would deeply encourage all literate people to read this book ; who knows how close Bradbury 's other ideas of the future are ?
 This novel is truly a work of art . It has mastered the art of allusion and metaphor . We had to read this book for College Prep . English -LRB- 10th grade -RRB- and I was very disappointed at first . Then I went back and started over and read it slowly so I would understand it fully . As I read back through the pages , it seemed like a totally different book . I hung on the natural similies and metaphors , and could n't believe how correct Bradbury was in placing our future . To those who `` just do n't get it '' I say I 'm dreadfully sorry . It 's a pity that you wasted your time , not actually reading the best book ever written ! I hope that you will give it another chance and that you will understand that this is a literary work of art !
 Fahrenheit 451 was definitely a decent novel . The loose ends left by Bradbury were overwhelmed by the extraordinary content and fascinating prophecies . While Bradbury wrote this novel in the early 50 's , he was still able to capture the essence of what would seem to be our misfortune in the future . Although he could have spent more time developing the characters , Bradbury does a wonderful job of establishing the plot . It was not hard to picture the details and the setting in this story , as they seemed to come alive . The suspense in the book was tremendous and managed to keep you on your toes throughout the book . For all of these reasons , we believe that 451 is definitely worth reading and will stay a classroom favorite for years to come .
 trulely one of the most fantastic books ever written . it pulls you into the book like no other . i could not put it down.if you havent read any ray bradbury , start with this one . but read the others too .
 The book I read this quarter is called Fahrenheit 451 . The author of the book is Ray Bradbury . The book takes place in the future . Some of the environments include
 So far , Bradbury is a great decriber , i thought this book would be stupid , -LSB- A book about buring books -RSB- but by the end of the first paragraph i was amazed by the detail he gets to and how he describes Clariesse and how `` Crazy '' she is to the books society.Also his forshadowing is great -LSB- the vent grille -RSB- . i admire him , as a young writer i see what i 'll have to do to make a book so popular as this one .
 The sense of doom was so overwhelming as I slowly examined the book . Knowing that the book was written more than 30 years ago was even scarier.For , my boy , Ray to be so realistic in his views of the future gave me the hint of him owning some sort of time travel machine.I also appreciated his form of writing . It helped me to reach deeper , and deeper , and deeper , and deeper into my intelligence and really feel what the man was saying .
 The constant running and plotting in this book was great . My favorite part was when Guy Montag was trying to escape from the hound . And then when you thought he was about to be caught ... Well I do n't want to ruin it for everyone else .
 This is a great book for people of all ages . It will keep you in suspense until the bitter end and you 'll never be able to put it down . You 'll enjoy this one from start to finish . It takes twists and turns that 'll keep you reading all night . This book is a keeper .
 fahrenheit 451 was an amazing book and all too real . it is easy to think how the government could make our country similar to this one . even now we are given `` truths '' by the government and expected to believe them . cencorship and lies bring us ever closer to living in this negative utopia . taking away knowledge to widen the gap between people and government is a very frightening concept.F451 has a wonderful and surprising plot that hold your attention . every detail is attended to and the action explores many human emotions .
 Reading all the comments , I just wanted to say that I am a freshman in highschool , and I found this book wonderful . It really makes you think about where our society is headed . It was written in the 1940s I believe , and if we continue to live the way we our living , censoring everything , we will end up living in a Fahrenheit 451 world . We have to stop it before we 're all a bunch of Mildreds that `` talk to the relatives '' instead of real people . Anyway ... I 'm done rambling . Just read the book .
 The book is not a standard SF and it is not ment to be . The idea is VERY plausible . Written 50 years ago , the idea of TV being a national obsession was ludicrous . Who knew ? The white clown is very similar to the extremely violent shows that we let be on TV . And the books ... the censorship . This is what will happen if we let censorship go any farther . And the scene where the women are discussing their children , absolutly scary . Good book . Read it .
 The story is good , it really makes you think just where exactly our society is headed . Though Bradbury 's interpretation of this possible future is exaggerated , of course , the point is made clear enough . This visage of the future is actually kind of disturbing . I probably would have never read this book if it had n't been required of me for my English class .
 This book is outstanding !! It 's living standards , i.e politics , intellect , socity , are so very close to that of our own . Mr. Bradbury is a true artist and one of my influences in my career as a student and young sci-fi writer .
 Farenheit 451 tells about a future United States . Keep in mind , this was written some 40 years ago , but his predictions can be alarmingly accurate . Montag 's society 's obsession with t.v. is frighteningly prophetic , as is the obsession with dieting . Also , has anyone ever thought of the similarities between the recently popular laser-light shows and the White Clown show ? I must say that the most frightening part of this novel is how everything begins to move faster and the thoughts of the individual are lost - something I see happening in today 's society .
 At first it takes a while for one to understand the setting , but once it gets going this book just does n't stop ! An action-packed novel with a beautiful ending . Quite possibly Ray Bradbury 's greatest piece of Literatue ! Hands down this is one of the best books ever written . I think siskel and ebert said it best when they said , `` Two Thumbs Up ! ''
 OK ... I absolutely love Ray Bradbury and every single one of his books ! I read `` The Illustrated Man '' and `` Something Wicked This Way Comes '' and thoroughly enjoyed them both . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' only bolsters my love for his books . First of all , his writing is CLEAR ! It 's none of this wordy , incomprehensible Charles Dickens or wimpy , disgustingly melodramatic James Herriot . Bradbury gets straight to the point without dilly-dallying and remains extremely entertaining throughout . When I say he 's entertaining , I do n't mean that this book is a comedy . Far from it . The censorship issues brought up by the book-burning is a very serious topic . However , Bradbury 's masterful words make it truly enjoyable to read . I could n't put it down until I was done . A must-read !
 InFahrenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury has created a world that chillingly seems to reflect our present and near future . In this upside down dystopia , firemen burn books , women congregate with their fake wall -LRB- television -RRB- families , youth engage in high speed car chases , killing themselves and others , and products are promoted on 200 ft billboards , and hawked by Jesus Christ . In this world where supposedly everyone has everything one wants , no one is truly happy , no one loves anyone , and unhappy people overdose on drugs . No one slows down to smell the flowers , taste the rain , sit by a fire , talk with friends , or just sit and think . No one cares that that the world seems to have been at war for as long as anyone can remember , with fighter jets streaking above their homes everyday . After all , no one has to sacrifice anything ; its always someone else 's spouse or child that dies.Guy Montag was a faithful citizen of this world , satisfied with his job of burning books , until he has a chance encounter with his new neighbor , a strange , precocious 16 year old who is wise beyond her years . Clarisse McClellan changes his views of the world dramatically with her strange habits of tasting the rain , gazing at the moon , and asking pointed questions as to why he became a fireman , whether he loves anyone or whether he is happy . An awakened , transformed Montag , after failing to impress and change his shallow and depressed wife and others around him with his new-found wisdom , is discovered , hunted , and is forced to flee the city . He joins a vagabond group of outlaw-professors , who plan to restore the world by imparting the wisdom they have gained by memorizing books.This is the best novel depicting our future world that I have read . Other books , likeBrave New Worldpresent a frightening , realistic future , but have poor plot and characterization . On the other hand , books such as1984andAnimal Farmare thrilling and well told , but really do not reflect our future very well . FAHRENHEIT 451 does both , and does so brilliantly . Apart from depicting a realistic and scary future , Bradbury writes a tight , exciting plot packed with suspense , including fires , chases , murder , suicides , and nuclear war . I could scarcely put the book down , wondering what Montag was going to do next . Although it is but a short story , the characters , including Montag , his shallow but deeply depressed wife Millie , the youthful but insightful Clarisse , the cowardly but wise Faber , and the disillusioned arrogant bully Beatty are engaging and fully realized.If you have the BALLATINE 50th anniversary edition , the extra material -LRB- afterword , coda , and interview -RRB- is illuminating , but should be read with a grain of salt . One of the most powerful elements of a great book is that it reaches out to the individual reader , who is able to take it in according to his or her own experiences . The message the reader gets from such books ultimately may not be what the writer intended , but still be fully relevant . Reading the author 's views and intentions for the novel can upset this great experience.The afterward is quite charming , an account of how Bradbury first typed the novel using a paid typewriter -LRB- it charged him a dime for 30 minutes , he spent $ 9.80 . -RRB- Bradbury also mentions how his characters still visit him , and gives additional insights/alternatives plots , especially a fascinating and rather sad look at how the Beatty , once a mad lover of books , became an arrogant , obnoxious book-burning fireman.The coda is an amusing diatribe at those who want him to update his works to fit the modern times -LRB- include more women , blacks -RRB- , or , more disturbingly , change his work -LRB- without him knowing it ! -RRB- . Such censorship is indeed frightening and should be avoided at all costs . However , one also gets the feeling while reading Bradbury 's somewhat smug rant , especially while reading statements such as `` the real world is the playing ground for each and every group , to make and unmake laws -LRB- p. 178 -RRB- '' that Bradbury has never been a part of a denigrated minority . One doubts that Bradbury has ever experienced the disadvantages that comes with such membership , which includes having to put up with disturbing elements in books from insults -LRB- the 'n' word , savage -RRB- to works attesting to prove minority inferiority in a myriad of ways -LRB- ` proving ' a lack of intelligence , propensity towards violence , lack of morals -RRB- and finally calls for eugenics to destroy them altogether . Certainly Bradbury does not seem to have reflected on the fact the real world might be a very unfair playing field - with some groups having much more power and ability to make and unmake laws than others.The interview at the end was the most disturbing for me ; Bradbury comes off as out of touch with both his book and the present world . He flatly denies that the US today with its unending and nebulous ` war on terror ' reflects the unending war that his own book talked about , a war in which we sit comfortably while other people make sacrifices and other countries suffer . Even worse , Bradbury very naively states `` there 's no chance for censorship today . '' -LRB- p. 184 -RRB- . Tell that to Don Imus , the Palestinians , anti-corporate activists , and those critical of homosexuality , evolution , official versions 9/11 and global warming , and a myriad of other topics.Sadly , fifty years after his book , Bradbury does not seem to grasp the power of his own book ; he does not really seem to appreciate how his vision of a mindless dystopia is rapidly becoming our reality .
 Reading this book for the first time at the beginning of 2003 , I found it remarkable that a novel about the suppression of information in an oppressive police state stands as a powerful critique of the assaults on freedom and personal liberty that the U.S. Government is now engaged in in the name of protecting its citizenry from terrorists.Who exactly are the terrorists ? In the view of the shadowy government represented in the novel , they are those who hoard and protect forbidden printed works , and they are those members of an underground information subculture that commits works of literature to memory in the hope that one day , the printed page will be welcome again.In the post-9 / 11 America of George W. Bush and John Ashcroft , the terrorists can be anyone with a foreign-sounding last name . Even blameless American citizens are suspect . Under a provision of the USA Patriot Act , the government can force public libraries to hand over records about what books anyone has checked out , and they 've furthermore made it a crime for the libraries to inform those whose library records have been invoked.Bradbury depicts a nation in which individuality is frowned upon , in which the government is deeply suspicious of its own citizenry , in which suspected `` criminals '' can be hunted and murdered by the state without a trial , in which content is spoon-fed to the public . In light of news stories reporting on the Total Information Awareness project in development by the NSA , how much of this can be taken as fiction ? How long will it be before the cautionary tales of Bradbury and Orwell and Huxley become a nightmare reality ?
 Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent novel that I highly suggest to those who like well-written , thoughtful books . The plot and the story in general are extremely interesting - not only due to the actual events , but due to Fahrenheit 451 's frightening connection to our lives . The futuristic , dystopian setting where the government has censored all forms of high art and learning , and where humans have ` dumbed down ' to an unbelievable degree , gives way to a story where humankind fights with itself to regain a civilized society.Fahrenheit 451 is no doubt a critisism of our society and a scary prediction of may be ahead . Do n't miss this wonderful novel !
 This short book has been around for over forty years and I 'll bet it will be around for at least another hundred because the truth of its message is a constant reminder of the value of books and priceless-ness of freedom of speech.Ray Bradbury takes a simple scenario ... what would the future look like if `` real '' media were the only allowed form of information , and books , especially fiction , was outlawed . At first blush , there would be a few who might say , `` well we do n't read that much now ... we get most of our information from tv , our entertainment from movies , or our computers . '' But it 's more than that if you really stop to consider that when you choose to pick up a book of YOUR choosing your are excercising not only a basic intellectual freedom , you are also exerting your privacy , your right to choose how you 'll spend your time , and how you 'll choose to look at the world.Bradbury considers all of these things and the choices one man decided to make as a consequence . What was so exciting for me was to be able to contemplate these ideas within the context of a story told with beautiful language and images and a story that will grab you until the very end.I know this book is one of those that gets assigned in high school and then never sees the light of day afterward ... well , as an ancient 40-year-old , I think that 's a shame . It 's a great read no matter what your age.Highly recommended .
 Guy Montag is a fireman who 's job requires him to efficiently burn books when a call enters the station . In the future , the government , in control of millions of people , decides to make reading books against the law , fearing that a literate society would destroy itself.Guy , through the vision of a young girl and an old English professor , discovers his own wonderment of his surroundings , triggered through great ideas found in books . Discovering this universal wonderment lies at the foundation of the author 's main theme , highlighted brilliantly through his distorted and domineering society.With this futuristic society and a distortion of trends found in today 's culture , Bradbury captures his reader 's attention and makes them open their eyes , hearts , and mind to the true importance of independent intellectual enhancement through reading .
 What a profound Novel!This should be required reading to all students . But alas , the future Bradbury predicted has come to pass ... . Today , we are seeing more and more `` Concerned Parents '' reacting with a mob mentality in banning books from libraries and schools . Most have never read the books they have chosen to vilify . Strange that only a few outspoken right wing groups think they speak for all of society.The irony of it all is that Fahrenheit 451 has been banned from schools and classrooms because of its `` negative '' views toward those individuals that ban books . What is more tragic than a books that decries book banning , being banned itself?Do yourself a favor ... . read this book . Pass it along to your child . Read other banned novels and keep them in circulation.The days of the Fireman are quickly approaching . `` Play the man , Master Ridley ; we shall this day light such a candle , by God 's grace , as I trust shall never be put out ! ''
 Fahrenheit 451 populates most `` Best Books '' lists and yet it is still somehow under appreciated . I think some of this stems from critics focusing much of the attention on the censorship of books , which , while certainly an important aspect of the novel , is not necessarily its most compelling point . The most devastating scenes are those where it is clear that this society has lost its soul . In commenting on the war that wages around them , Mrs. Phelps states , `` It 's always some other woman 's husband that dies . '' Montag , the protagonist , is married to a woman who has attempted suicide multiple times , who ca n't remember where she met her husband , and who does n't care about ... anything.The images that Bradbury can call forth during the book 's climatic moments are heart-wrenching . Books die like slaughtered birds . Bombs fall like seeds scattered by the hands of God . Sparks dance like fireflies.Yet , in the middle of all of the carnage and waste , there is hope . Hope that we will not forget the past and the lessons it teaches . Hope that even in an age where the iPods , massive television screens and casual violence that Bradbury predicted 60 years ago exist that we will not lose our humanity.This is a beautifully written book that has never been more relevant .
 First off , I 'm not a literature buff , I just like to read . I happened to come across and read this book . It 's now one of my all time favorites . It dark , thought provoking and hard to put down . Bradbury has one amazing imagination , -LRB- i.e. the Mechanical Dog -RRB- Brilliant .
 I read this book for school , and was really surprised that I enjoyed it . Ray Bradbury wrote this book in the 1950s and it seems that he was pretty accurate about the things that people would do in the future . I really enjoyed the way he wrote the book , it seemed very lyrical at certain points .
 Ray Bradbury 's last published book is a great thought provoking fantasy . What if we lived in a world where books were considered dangerous contraband and firemen were n't hired to put out but to start fires ? We 're already starting to experience news in shorter segments and everything 's being reduced to soundbites . Will our attention span start to deteriorate to the extent that it is normal to only be able to focus for a few short minutes?Guy Montag is one such fireman whose wife subconsciously tries to commit suicide , and who after meeting a young neighbor , Clarisse , starts to think and question the world in which he lives . When he starts to steal and hide books in the walls of his house , he meets an old professor with whom he tries to formulate a plan to change the ruling regime who instill the fear of books among the population . But someone knows about his secret and soon Guy is on the run as a fugitive .
 This was a great book for intermediary readers . Purchased for daughters class read . She enjoyed it . Would recommend it to anyone .
 The world is ruled by a warring totalitarian regime that outlaws reading and the spreading of knowledge , but the sad thing is that people stopped growing and learning on their own long before.Guy Montag is a firefighter who is hired to burn books , but one day , after seeing how the government deals with free thinking people , he just ca n't do it anymore.Many of the professorial drifters in the Fahrenheit 451 world are like the folks of today who cherish free thought and expression and reading , they are alone .
 This novel still has , in my humble opinion , one of the greatest opening sentences and paragraphs in print . Ray Bradbury ` sFahrenheit 451
 I picked up this book because I was just in need of something to read . Once I began , I could not put it down ! Farenheit 451 is set in a not so far away distopian future where media rules and books are illegal . In this place , firemen start fires on books rather than put fires out . Guy Montag is fireman who begins to see the truth in books . When this is discovered though , he has to run for his life . This is a great book for pretty much everyone , but there is aare heavy phycological thoughs throughout the whole book , and sparce mild language . Overall , if you want a great book to read , choode this !
 I read this out loud with my high school student . It was her assigned summer reading . I remembered reading this a long time ago or watching the movie . One remarkable thing about the book is how Bradbury describes the future where we are locked in houses and tied to a community of media devices . Because it was written at the dawn of television , I find it facinating that Bradbury would predict a world so similar to life now.The language in the book is very dynamic . It is a great book to read out loud . There is wonderful tension in the plot as the fireman turned rebel tries to escape the nazi-like government.This is the book about book burning . I was in Split , Croatia last summer and our guide pointed out where the Nazis burned the books in the town square . It sent shivers up my spine . You will feel that when you read this book , a book that cautions us about totalitarianism and social isolation .
 Ok so some of the stuff in this book seems like dated , mid-twentieth century Science Fiction predictions of a future we now know will probably never occur . But the themes in this book are timeless and the hero is just like you and me . Hopefully . If we a more people like the fireman in this book then perhaps half the holocausts of history would never have happened . then again during those same holocausts there were men and women like the fireman and they helped defeat the tyrants in power or save millions of lives by making the right decision -LRB- moral decision -RRB- over mindlessly following the status-quo . Bradbury 's descriptions of fire are lovely . They are like flowers , like petals , like demons and like angels .
 I always like to read a classic every once in a while , whether it be a mystery , literature , or good old science fiction . It seems that many of the classic science fiction novels deal more with man 's attitude toward his surroundings rather than the stories of aliens and the future world gone crazy thru technology . This book takes the simple premise of a world where books are illegal and turns it into a Twilight Zone episode . The best part of a novel such as this is that the reader is forced to contemplate a scenario which is actually imaginable and decide how he or she would act and react . An interesting story to say the least ...
 Fahrenheit 451 absolutely cathes the reader 's attention of the importance of books . In this story the government has become so corrupt that it has banned the ownership of any sort of literature . It is not until the day when protagonist Montag realizes , while talking to a young girl , how unhappy and naive he actually was . Bradbury takes the idea of a Utopia society and turns it completely upside downThis book shows the damaging effects on the censorships of books and stresses the importance of literature . This is a highly recommmended book to those seeking to open their eyes and realize the truth of how society can be . However , the story moves at a slow pace and many undifined things are exposed in the begining . Other than that , this is an exceptioally good book with an even better moral .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 is an exiting book filled with suspense , you are always waiting to read what happens next . You can hardly put it down ! Though it is not the style of book that I normally read , I liked it a lot , enough to read others like it . This was a good book , yet the vocabulary was lacking , and I have preferred other science fiction books , like Enders Game . I would definitely suggest this book to a wide variety of readers , including those who do not read science fiction books .
 I just finished Fahrenheit 451 and feel like I did when someone gave me a shareware version of a video game . I learned the moves , became someone addicted , cleared the third level and found that I needed a code to get the rest of the game . Only Ray did n't give away the code to 451 ! This is clearly a fantastic story , horribly well written . I have wish listed several more of his books for future reading . Unfortunately 451 is long enough that you suspend some of the caveats used when reading short stories . With a book this long , I want developed characters to be resolved . Several characters just go away , which left me lacking at the end . Sometimes this is intended , and strong . In this case , it seemed thoughtless and abrubt.Don ' t miss the afterword and coda at the end . Very nice additions .
 It truly is . Ray Bradbury 's masturfully told story of censorship in the future show us what we may become
 This is one of the finest books I have ever read , and certainly high in my ranking of Bradbury 's novels . Bradbury paints a picture , in his very colorful way , of a completely governmentally-controlled society in which books are outlawed and television reigns over all . Guy Montag , a fireman -LRB- whose job description now involves burning illegal books -RRB- , finds himself stuck in this mixed-up world , and eventually make a decision between what he knows and what he believes in , illustrating Bradbury 's almost universal theme of conflict versus change . This novel is very applicable in today 's society , even though it was written nearly fifty years ago , dealing with topics that are still active in the present . Bradbury provides a moral of sorts within this novel which conveys many of his deep-set beliefs , such disdain for television , hatred for censorship , and Bradbury 's undeterrable love for books and the printed word . Very enlightening , reading this book will definitely cause one to think twice about many of today 's common practices . A very thought-provoking and well-written novel ; this book should be read by any fan of science fiction , if not everyone !
 This book follows the same outline of the great novel `` 1984 '' by George Orwell . This book deals mainly with the threat that censorship poses on a nation . Guy Montag , a fireman , has never had a problem going along with the norm until he meets a young girl who changes his perspective on life . He then begins to question why he burns books which leads him into trouble with his boss Fire Chief Beatty . There are many important lessons that one can draw from this book but mainly the idea that books never die and that they live on in people 's hearts and minds as long as there lessons are remembered . This book can teach young people to appreciate the importance of books , a must read .
 the book fahrenheit 451 was a decent book it involves a character named montag . he is a firefighter no , not the ones who put out fires . he burns books because its the law not to have them . later on in the book he grows to like books because of his own curiosoty , but he almost looses his life because of it . i wont give away the ending but if you want to know what happens then i suggest you read it . chances are youll like it
 Ray Bradbury 's account of a bookless world is realistic in every way . Farenheit 451 is realistic in how it describes situations , people , and places throughout the book . In the beginning of the book it describes Guy Montag and a book burning . The author describes the book in how the books `` Flutter around like birds and the sky burns as black as night.Guy Mantag is a firefighter who , instead of fighting fires , he starts fires . Guy does this because of a massive government censorship act in order to keep people in line with the way they think . It is sort of like a cover up . Society agrees with this because they do n't want to break the law.This book 's in depth descriptions are so good they pull you in and its like your there . Farenheit 451 will fill you with a new way of looking at things .
 I would recommened this book for anyone ages 13 and up . It 's a hard read , but has a strong theme and interesting characters . I enjoyed the whole book until the ending . I did n't like the ending because it was a little bit confusing and sad . Besides that I enjoyed this science-fiction which has a strong resemblence to the Giver by Lois Lowry .
 Just finished reading this book and found it quite entertaining . Instead of giving you a synopsis of the book as many other readers have done , I found it interesting how the entire premise of book banning has even resurfaced in recent years . The entire Harry Potter series has received significant press as to whether the books are appropriate for younger readers . Bradbury 's observations are not very far off those seen today .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was a very good book . The detail was very good . You could just picture the story . My favorite thing about the book was that you had to infer what happened to Clarisse . Was she killed , OR did she go to the railroad . I really think that the author Ray Bradbury is a great author because he puts the best similes in the the right places . For one example of a good simile is on page 3 of the book , `` With the brass nozzle in his fists , with this great python sitting its venomous kerosene upon the world ... '' This talks about the nozzle that Montag uses to light the fires that burns the books . This book is a good book and I would recomend this book to anyone who wants to read it . It is filled with everything you could ask for in a book .
 Guy Montag is a fireman who job it is to start fires instead of stoping the . In this backwards world of his he burns books and the houses that they are hidden in . In this future world reading a book is against the law because it gives peoples ideas . Guy never qustioned his job until he actually thinks what it would be like to read a book ... I never never really thought what our world would be like with no books , but now that I think about it I ca n't believe how monotonous and boring it would be . Now that I think about it I am glad I dont live in a world like Guy Montag 's . This book has become on of my favorites and I highly recomend you read it !
 Imagine a future where books are illegal , and the purpose of firemen is n't to put out fires , but to start them . The main character is one such fireman , his job to burn books -LRB- from where the book gets it 's title -- fahrenheit 451 is the temperature at which paper burns -RRB- , and does n't think twice about it . But gradually , he meets people he finds perplexing , a girl who talks about rain tasting like wine , a woman who stays with her books until she is burned alive . His life is transformed when he hides a book , and opens it ... Very engaging , but at times , so deep it makes your head spin .
 This book is very intriguing both in what its theme is and also in how much the main character changes throughout the course of the story . It has great discriptions even if they are abstract and also a great development of characters within an action plot . I would have to say that my favorite character in the entire book was Clarisse . She seemed so soft , so fresh , so new , and so likeable , especially compared with some of the other characters in the book . She was so full of life and the joys she could find in it that I really enjoyed her character and I was very sad when she dies . This book always kept me interested with its implications and its deep meanings and because of that it always kept me thinking . I would have to stop for a few minutes to think about what I had just read but that is a good thing and it made me feel like I became more familiar with the book becuase of it . Overall I think that it is a very well written book in every aspect . The main character though not very likeable in the beginning becomes someone you can and want to cheer for as the book progresses . I really enjoyed reading this book and am glad that I did pick this book to read .
 I keep coming back to science fiction written in the 50 's and 60 's . This novel is a perfect example of why I do this.I 've read this a few times now , and it 's always a pleasure to do so . It may not be the best written , but since it was one of Bradbury 's first novels , I 'm prepared to be tolerant of the writing style.The ideas presented here are still fresh and relevant today , and most certainly set the ground work for many of those which followed . It 's influence can be seen in King 's ` Running Man ' -LRB- the original Bachman book , not the screenplay -RRB- , and Ira Levin 's ` This Perfect Day ' . The central theme of the state imposing what the masses may/may not have access to , and that above all `` ignorance is bliss '' , can be seen in today 's society to some extent.This is undoubtedly a single-sitting novel . Whenever I pick it up to read it , I find that it 's easier to read to the end than attempt to put it down and come back to it later when I 'm half way through . It is easy to read , and the story flows beautifully from beginning to end . A perfect book for a wet sunday afternoon .
 I find most SiFi juvenile and shallow . This book is both thought provoking and an interesting study of human nature.I recommend it to readers of all types of literature . It is an excellent read .
 Ray Bradbury 's novel , Fahrenheit 451 , is an eye-opening science fiction novel that is definitely a recommended read for anyone with a passion for reading . Bradbury takes the reader into a dystopian society where many things seem backward . Firemen do n't put out fires - they start them . Books are not read , they are burned . The government tells you what to think and what to discuss . Free thinking is discouraged . Maybe the most starling thing about the novel is that free thinking is not craved . A vast majority of the citizens are satisfied with their ignorance . They are comfortable with being nave . This brings the reader to an unsettling but very real conclusion
 -LCB- my thoughts -RCB- - This book is interesting . It is futuristic and very engaging for the reader . It is about a guy named -LCB- guy montag -RCB- . He is a fireman but not the in customary sense of the word . Instead of putting out fires he starts them . The only fires started are the one 's at residences houses where the individuals have books any books . They are banned not allowed and therefore those caught with books are subject to losing all their worldly possessions . This book is about his defiance of such laws , his determination and his will to make a stand for things he believes to be wrong . This book is well written and and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it ! -LCB- reason for reading -RCB- - This book is a well known classic . I have been wanting to read for sometime . I had started it a few years ago but had misplaced the book . I know bad bad bad , but it does happen .
 This was a great book especially the ending of it . I thought it was confusing in the beginning but then caught on in chapter 2
 It was a statement about being aware . I admittedly have been watching tv and movies more often than I 've been reading and this book made me realize how important it is to learn and how easy it is to slip into thickheadedness
 &#34; Fahrenheit 451 &#34; is a smart , and possibly propheticbook on people 's growing lack of interest in learning throughcontext found in literature . A dystopian novel , Ray Bradburyhas excelled in painting a scene where books are burned ona daily basis , and people have n't a care in the world , contentwith spending their time listening to media devices to learn the barefacts of ... well , anything . This book really makes one reflect onpresent day youth losing interest in literature , and whatpossibilities that may bring for the future .
 This book , venerable in literature , gives tidings of a possible future where man destroys anything volatile to human ego or ideal . Books become the target of humanities vengeance , anything of conflict will meet the fireman 's flame . A great quick read .
 This was ordered for a teenager who had it on his reading list . It was an excellent used copy and a great value for the money .
 This was a book I had read in high school and really enjoyed . I thought this would make a great addition to my library at home .
 The book is filled with poetry that will stay with you . It 's a book about enjoying language and thinking , so you will have fun while reading it .
 I thought that this novel was great if you like fictional stories with a wierd but understanding ending . Bradbury 's novel Fahrenheit 451 was based in the future where fireman did not put out fires but started them . Speeding was legal , books were outlawed including no reading except for fireman which could have them up to 24 hours . If you were caught with a book in your house , the fireman and their mechanical hound would burn your house down . The theme of this novel was happieness . This novel was very well wrote . Bradbury had action , suspence which keep me reading and oh the quizzes my english teacher gave us , also wonderful description of the characters and what role they played in the story.The novel over all was great and i would recommend anyone who just likes to read to read it .
 Fahrenheit 451 , written by Ray Bradbury , is a book that attacks what our society is becoming . Yes , we have a long way to go to be in a state where books are outlawed and firemen start fires instead of stopping them . But still , we have a good head start . People come home from work and plop on the couch and watch TV . You have to be an intellectual to read books . It 's just not the norm anymore . In this book , TV has taken over people 's lives with wall to wall TV screens . The imagination is lost in the hours of meaningless violence and comedy that is blasted through cables to people 's homes . Then , through an array of events , the main character , Montag , starts to wonder about things and think for himself . With society frowning upon thinking , he 's in a world of trouble . Fahrenheit 451 is a book that makes the reader think `` What really is important in my life ? ''
 ... and not feel outraged at the well-intentioned censors of the world , then you probably did n't understand it . But then , you probably would n't be shopping here for books , either . In a world in which literature and philosophy and all `` deep '' writings suffer the fate of the lost library at Alexandria , Montag 's dilemma involves all of us .
 Ca n't drive slow . Ca n't think deep thoughts . Ca n't have individuale ideas . Ca n't go for a walk . Ca n't read.If you had to live in a society where these were the rules how would you perform ? Well in Ray Bradbury 's clasic novel Fahrenheit 451 , these are a few of the rules . This is a society where most people only care about themselfs . The firemen are more like policemen then firemen . They are responsible for up holding the law . If anyone if found to have a book it is the job of the firemen to take care of the situation . With flamethroughers in hand they burn not only the books but the building that houses them . It is said that firemen never have put out a fire . Guy Montag is a fireman . Occurring to Guy Montag
 I felt the author of the book should of described the war a little more . Still I thought it had some very interesting perspectives on how the world might become.I thought it was weird how all the fireman looked the same . The mechanical hound was a great part of the story . It had us guessing if it would attack Montag or not . Over all I felt this book was well worth reading .
 This book by Ray Bradbury was defintely an interesting book ! i encourage that all students read it ! This book made my imagination soar ! With all the situtations that occured in this novel , it 's so strange how it 's all coming true ! It made me wonder if the future will be like that with the 4-wall television and the mechanical hound ! also with the suicide rate as high as it is in the book ! At points this story was scary ! Also it was definely a cliff hanger ! i could n't put it down , i ended up so far ahead of my class that i had to stop reading so i could relate to what was going on in class!This was one of the better books that i have read in the past ! especially being assigned for class i was extremely surprised that i liked it as much as i did ! so i encourage that the future english classes of the sophomore year read this novel because it makes you think , learn what the true meaning of life is , and also improves your vocabulary and your reading skills !
 This book had some very good qualities . The novel leaves your mind provoked into hypothetical situations like the ones in the book . Knowledge is burned , individuality and poetry are frowned upon . Is this really too different from our society today ? No , it 's really not far off . This read has some interesting twists at the end and leaves you thinking .
 I think this is a very good bok , but I thought it was a little borring . I read this book as an English III assignment . It was very insightful to the society we live in today and yet in some aspects very far off . Bradbury 's predictions of how the future will be/is is very weird and cool and disturbing of how our society is and how he talked about school shootings long before they ever occured.I think overall this was a good book and a very good book for discussion .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a book that will make you think . As you are reading this book , questions pop up that you would have probably never thought of . Set in the not so distant future , Bradbury plunges you into the life of Guy Montag . He is a fireman who was always taught to ask how , not why . His job is to burn , not put out flames , never asking the reasons behind the burnings . He goes through life happy , not knowing anything is wrong . He lives in an unperfected utopia . Due to one event , his whole mentality crumbles and chaos emerges as he goes through a transformation , making everyone around him his enemy , except the few people who have gone through this metamorphosis . No longer ignorant he becomes isolated , pushing for some way out.This book is probably one of the best books I have ever read ; it might even be my favorite . If you like books such as The Giver , or the short story Harrison Bergeron , then this is definitely a book to read .
 Here 's another book that I should have read in school , but somehow never did . In a future where entertainment caters to the lowest common denominator , and in which books are forbidden , the job of the fireman is to burn contraband books . However , Guy Montag has a secret ... he 's a fireman who reads books . When his secret comes out , he has to flee for his life.Bradbury 's writing is wonderfully evocative , painting clear pictures of his vision of a dark future . In this era of `` reality television , '' this book has a definite prophetic feeling to it , as if we were actually well on the way down the road Bradbury warns us about . The importance of books and literacy for preserving knowledge and ideas must never be forgotten .
 Guy Montage is a fireman . But he does n't stop houses from burning down . He starts the fire . They light the houses with books on fire , becuase books are considered bad . Not all books , but some , like the Bible , and any book containing thought . Books like porn , and goverment writings were premited . This is how the goverment at the time controled the people . By not letting them learn.Montage meets his new next door neighbor . Her name is Clairesse . Which in Spainish means clarity . And she does live up to her name . She makes Montage think for the first time . She asks him the most simple question , that can also be the most difficult . `` Are you happy '' . Montage thinks about this and realizes that he is n't . he wife trys to comit suicide , and she lives in a alter reality . SO he turns to his `` enemy '' , books.He starts to wonder what is in the books that he burns . And he realizes that he has been stealing books all the time he has been a fireman . So he gets the illegan books and starts to read them . The he goes to an old professer and they hatch a plan to re-print these books.Durring this time Montage has to face his fireman captain , Beatty . He also knows that the goverment is bad for holding the knowledge back , that is in books . But unlike Montage , he is doing nothing about it.Through out this book there are glimpses of the people , who like Montages wife , are clueless . Montage yells at woman who only care about the `` family '' , a TV show that lets you interact with the characters . Then he finds that it is his house that is to be burned down . And that he has to light the match.Montage goes through many stages in this book . He starts like a new born baby , not used to the world that he is in . He grows as the book goes along . From a newborn to a fifteen year old child . Just exploring the world , and startign to make a change .
 This was a great book . It is very thought provoking and powerful.The future world he proposed gets more likely every year . It 's message gets more important.Even if you do n't like sci-fi or Ray Bradbury , this book is worth it just for the insights he makes .
 I read this book when I was 12 for school and it schoked me then . It shocked me even more the second time around . It is a '' timeless Must Read '' . RIP R. Bradbury
 I love the writings of Ray Bradbury and this book tops them all.Although decades old , it 's message is loud and clear . And I still think that the allegories and themes in this are still prevelant in today 's society .
 To reread these classics and then see how current and relevant it is for today is amazing . Parlor and screens , Internet and Facebook . Value of justice and human life each placed below entertainment all to be wiped clean and reset . We are all poorer at the loss of the author .
 I really enjoyed reading this book . I have read boks like 1984 and various other ones . It is a very good reminder when you stop thinking for yourself you allow to become a slave of someform . It is definately worth reading .
 This was Bradbury 's best book . He has an amazing ability to paint a scene without unnecessary description and create tension with characters you can truly identify with and live in their skin . He will be missed .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a story of conflict . Conflict between the work the main character Guy Montag does and his true beliefs . These beliefs have not been fully realized by him yet.We are introduced to Guy as the model citizen of this future world . He is a public servant , a fireman . Unfortunately , something has changed and now the firemen start fires instead of putting them out . Their mission is to find and burn books and the houses that are hiding them . Guy Montag was very good at his job and for the first many years , he did it without thinking or feeling.Several things happened to Guy that made him actually start thinking about what he was doing . He started wondering why he had to do what he had to do . Why was he burning old ladies and their books ? He met his neighbor Clarisse McClellan , a young girl whose family just moved in . Clarisse made Guy think about things that he never realized before . `` Bet I know something else you do n't . There 's dew on the grass in the morning . '' He suddenly could n't remember if he had known this or not , and it made him quite Irritable '' -LRB- p. 4 -RRB- . It was these little things that people did n't take time to think about anymore.Guy started spending more time thinking about his job and why he was doing it . This was partly because he saw Clarisse almost everyday and she evoked a different type of emotion that he could n't quite understand . By just pointing out that there are more things in life than work and television , she started to open his eyes . `` And as many times he came out of the house and Clarisse was there somewhere in the world . Once he saw her shaking a walnut tree , once he saw her sitting on the lawn knitting a blue sweater , three or four times he found a bouquet of late flowers on his porch , or a handful of chestnuts in a little sack , or some autumn leaves neatly pinned to a sheet of white paper and thumbtacked to his door '' -LRB- p. 13 -RRB- . After Clarisse disappeared , his world completely changed . He decided that he did n't want to continue down the same path he was heading down his whole life until this point . When asked what had changed in his life , Guy replied `` I do n't know . We have everything we need to be happy , but we are n't happy . Something 's missing . I looked around . The only thing I positively knew was gone was the books I 'd burned in ten or twelve years . So I thought books might help '' -LRB- p. 38 -RRB- . In the end , Guy has finally changed everything about himself and joined with a band of likeminded people . He has become what he spent ten years trying to destroy . He was now himself a book . `` Montag . Granger took Montag 's shoulder firmly . Walk carefully . Guard your health . If anything should happen to Harris , you are the Book of Ecclesiastes . See how important you 've become in the last minute ! '' -LRB- p. 69 -RRB- .
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the most famous works of science fiction , and with `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' represents one of the most memorable and haunting dystopias . In a future world , books are banned and firemen actually set fires instead of extinguishing them . The state exercises a form of social control through controlling what sort of information people have access to . It turns out that not all books are banned , only those that we would today consider `` great works '' - Plato , Shakespeare , The Bible , Darwin , etc. . For me one of the biggest surprises about Fahrenheit 451 was the rationale that was offered for the burning of those books . In a nutshell , they offended politically correct sensibilities and the authorities felt that they would undermine the social cohesion . This expunging of the classics from the culture has an uncanny resonance with the attempts over past few decades to expunge them from the undergraduate liberal arts curriculum . And rationale is also similar
 Fahrenheit 451 was a great book , definitely something you can discuss in a group setting . I enjoyed thinking about how realistic the future in Fahrenheit 451 is . Ray Bradbury does an amazing job of describing everything going on , from the emotions to the people . I would recommend the book to anyone , basically all ages . Great read .
 Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent book for someone who is into pondering the meaning of life and stuff like that . However , it 's not the light , entertaining book that some may be looking for . Most of the book is a metaphor , and if the reader is willing to think about what is represented so much can come from this book . The idea of the book is fascinating and Bradbury 's demonstrates his point perfectly with his amazing word choice . There are so many themes and life changing lessons that can be pulled out of this book . If the reader dives beneath the surface of this book , they will get a whole lot more from this book than they would from a cheesy love story .
 Ray Bradbury did an excellent job writing Fahrenheit 451 . Set in a future time period , Guy Montag is a fireman but he does n't stop fires , he usually creates them . Most of the time he burns books , one of the many things that are censored from the society in Fahrenheit 451 . Ray Bradbury is great at writing descriptions . On the first page he describes Montag burning books buy saying , `` It was a special pleasure to see things eaten , to see things blackened and changed . With the brass nozzle in his fists , with this great python spitting its venomous kerosene upon the world , the blood pounded in his head , and his hands were the hands of some amazing conductor playing all the symphonies of blazing and burning to bring down the tatters and charcoal ruins of history . '' The whole book is full of descriptions like this . Most of the time this is a good thing because it kept me interested but sometimes descriptions seem a little too long and are just dragged out.The story instantly captures you within the first ten pages or so . The book is generally an easy read and was interesting all through out and made me want to keep reading .
 Duh !! it is supposed to be unrealistic and outrageous it is Sci-fi . i though it was a good book but a little confusing i had to re-read it to nderstand it and i had to pay attention . Other than that it was a preatty good bok but it could have been longer .
 This book was really good and made me think a lot more about society and censorship . We are already at the point where everything we think about has already been thought for us -LRB- news , magazines , media , etc. -RRB- . I guess as long as one is happy with society we will always be ruled and brainwashed by the government . Anyways ... read this book it 'll make you think about real life and how lucky we are that society is n't as screwed up as it could be .
 People in our reality spend time watching TV . People in Bradbury 's novel spend time watching TV . Books are viewed as bothersome items by society in our reality . Books are illegal items that many in Bradbury 's novel 's society view as bothersome . Could our reality become similar to FAHRENHEIT 's reality ? Buy FAHRENHEIT 451 , read the book , and find out , before this book is burned .
 Bradbury is a master of the genre . In `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , he once again shows his literary genius . Proving points such as `` knowledge is thy strength , fear is not thine strength '' . He shows the importance of the written word and the dangers of censorship . This book made me think , which is contrary to this book . It made me think about how much we take for granted , even if it is just thinking . As they say , an oldie , but goodie . Not to be missed
 Really a mixed bag of reviews so far . Readers either like Bradbury 's style or they ca n't stand it . But any reader who 's at all awake has to respect him . His style is quite idiosyncratic , and so much the better . I consider him a master of what might be called the extended parable , and `` Fahrenheit 451 '' seems to fit that description . It would be sad indeed to imagine American literature without `` Fahrenheit 451 , '' especially since it reflects the tenor of the time in which it was written , the era of Senator McCarthy , when anti-intellectualism was , again , rampant in the U.S
 Bradbury create the book about one of the variant of future , and I want to hope , this variant will not become reality.Read more ... Thank
 Many people have already read and reviewed this novel . I willjust say that it is worth the 7 rating .
 This is a great novel , in which future is predicted , at least in some technological advances . Let 's hope the social side keeps far away from our societies
 A classic of Ray Bradbury 's , this book , like all of his books , is a product of a fantastic imagination . However , I found that the fantastic I expected from this Bradbury book was not as fantastic as I found in his other novels.The book storyline itself is very interesting . Indeed , Bradbury gets his point across . At first , the book seems Orwellian , as if there is a tyrant or Stalinist leader in America . But this is not true , and the actual reason _ why _ the books are burned is very interesting . The reason was a completely new concept I never really thought of.Bradbury makes you think.This novel tends to reflect heavily on Bradbury 's fear of `` the bomb '' and of course , the opression of book reading -LRB- as does his other classic , `` The Martian Chronicles '' -RRB- . There has been much critical review about Bradbury 's treatment of one of the main characters , Clarisse . Her ending tends to be unanswered and incomplete ; however , this should not have an effect on your choice of reading the novel.Overall , the book should _ definitly _ be read . I can not necessarily agree with Bradbury 's perhaps-paranoid version of the future , but his point is well taken and well respected .
 This book is in the vein of 1984 and other great books that show amazing foresight . Words of warning for the present and future .
 I originally purchased the Metric edition , Celsius 232.778 . I was thoroughly disappointed . Reading the original was a breath of fresh air , even if it was n't as renown by the International Organization for Standardization .
 I thought this book was amazing but on page 120 -LRB- i think that 's the page -RRB- the main character rips apart the Bible . Other than that the book is great !
 this is a very good science fiction book . it reminds me the important to read books . It is a book you should add to your library
 This book is wonderful ! It is full of surprises and weird ideas ! I love this book and I think Ray Bradbury did a wonderful job writing it . This book has a lot to do with cencorship . Everyone should read this book .
 No matter the age of the story or the age of the reader this is a great book . It is so believable ...
 My name is Laura , and I am doing this review for my english pre ap summer assinment from JMS . I thought this book had a good plot , but it was kind of hard fo me to understand . Some of the parts of the book I had to read three or four times to figure it out . Though at parts I was lost I did love the book , and I would definately recommend it to some one else .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 takes a good look into what could have been an alternate outcome of WW2 if the Germans had won . the book takes place in a society where everyone is meant to be happy and equal , with no other thoughts entering their minds . Books , the main type of individual thought which is being erased at this time are burnt when seen . The main character is a new type of fireman , one who burns down houses with books in them , rather than saving them.The writing in this book is amazing , parts of it you have to read twice just because of the amount of visual and symbolic words used . The book also gives a strong look into how people think , and what the world could come to . Ray Bradbury is a great writer , and although none of the situations he wrote about came true , the book will stand the test of time forever as a classic .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a worthwhile novel , if only to read about a possible future earth where books do not exist and to make one think about the impact of censorship . The book is short enough that you can finish in a single sitting , but you 'll want to savor parts of it , so I do n't recommend making this a one-sitting read .
 THIS BOOK IS ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE EVER READ !!!! i read it in 7th grade , read it in 8th grade and saw the play in 9th . I am a girl , and i LOVE it . This is my favorite book of all time !
 This is really the only science fiction I 've read , other than Tolkein . -LRB- Is he considered a science fiction writer ? Probably more fantasy ... -RRB- . Anyway , Bradbury 's story is intriguing and quite interesting . I enjoyed it more than I anticipated . A solid 4 stars !
 Fahrenheit 451 is a fantastic book . I bought the 50th anniversay edition to reread this classic . I had read it before in middle school but I lost the book . I was surfing on Amazon.com and saw that there was a 50th annivery edition available and I jumped at the oppurtunity to once again own the classic novel by Ray Bradbury .
 I read this book -LRB- and analyzed it to bits -RRB- in my sophomore honors English class . F451 is a really great book to read , but a fabulous book to discuss . We had some of the richest discussion about human nature and societal pressures during our seminars on this book . I liked this book so much , my essay on it made the exceptional writing board ! -LRB- which only happens when I really care -RRB- Most of the books read at school get a bad rep as overrated classics written just for English geeks who love slowly digesting and turning over every stone in the book , but Bradbury 's writing style is so warm annd easy to read , anyone can conquer this classic . Unlike other books of its genre -LRB- science fiction -RRB- its ideas of science fiction in a somewhat more approachable manner , stuff you could really see happening . Overall , F451 is a great read for anyone with some extra time on their hands .
 Fahrenheit 451 sees the future of the world , and it hates what it sees . People have become apathetic and worthless . No one cares about morality or the search for truth . Everyone is a mindless drone.As mentioned by other reviewers , the story is in many ways prophetic . It 's fascinating how the author predicts modern technologies like projection TVs -LRB- the TV parlor -RRB- , iPods -LRB- ear thimbles -RRB- , and even Bluetooth headsets -LRB- Faber 's `` green bullet '' -RRB- . My favorite part of the story is Beatty 's lecture in Montag 's house , just before he leaves . Through Beatty 's character , Bradbury warns of out-of-control government growth and the brainwashing and indoctrination of children . We 'd be wise to heed this warning.This book is a fairly easy read because it 's short , but it provides plenty of food for thought .
 451F refers to the trigger temperature for paper to burn -LRB- though 450C is more popularly thought to be the right temperature - no matter , since ` Celsius 451 ' just does n't have the same ring -RRB- . Set in a postmodern era , a lawless America has turned itself into an anti-intellectual state which persecutes anyone who is caught in possession of books and worse , reading their contents.Into this setting steps a new breed of firemen , who abandon their traditional roles by actually setting fire to these books whenever a ` concerned ' member of the public reports on their neighbour . Intellectuals and professors go underground as universities and higher institutes of learning are eradicated . People ` interact ' with their newfound virtual families , which are akin to real-time projections of our modern day talkshows -LRB- replete with canned applause and laughter -RRB- on their walls.Fireman Guy Montag is forced to question his existence and life as he knows it , when confronted with seventeen-year old neighbour Clarisse , who tells him of a past where people were not afraid to think and question.This book is so clearly ahead of its time with chillingly accurate predictions of the numbing -LRB- dumbing ? -RRB- effects of technology , which breeds complacence and unquestioning acceptance of status quo.One especially disturbing scene was the way the manhunt for the fugitive Montag turns into a televised spectator sport , not unlike reality TV programmes in the Noughties.Published in 1953 , this dystopian novel still remains relevant and current in the 21st century , though one wonders at the impact of e-books and the future of the books as we know them.Highly recommended - to be read as a companion to Don Delillo 's ` White Noise ' .
 My daughter has to read this for her 10th grade english class and I decided to check it out myself . It is not as well written or as compelling as 1984 but it is still a very good read . The author makes a number of excellent points . To me it felt like film noir mixed up with some comic book qualities in my imagination . Still , a very good read with lessons to share .
 This is a classic , a must read.A little sci-fi and a little eerie future reality of censorship in the extreme .
 This is one of those books that you see pieces of in all kinds of other books and movies .
 Great book . Scary look into a possible future if the censors get their way . One of several books assigned to high school students which intrigued me . Several selections in the high school cannon are introspective of the human character . The value of this theme is obvious considering the carefree attitude most of the youth have today . The afterword and the Coda point out some interesting things about rewriting books to include everyone . We do n't have to be politically correct ALL the time , especially if it is read it in the historical context it was written . Look at Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer .
 I really enjoyed this book , but the story line was a little different then I had expected it to be . This is always a fun book to read , which I will be reading in the future as well .
 Very interesting and prescient , considering it was written 50 years ago - it really foresees the advent of the computer age and lowest common denominator mass media . Saw the film a few years ago and it remained in my mind .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a great book that should not be taken in a literal sense , as it is jam packed with symbolism . In this futuristic setting , nobody seems to be concerned with anything but their own happiness . These people spend majority of their time on frivolous things like fast cars , large televisions , and a type of ear-piece radio . All of the books in the city are to be burned because they create conflicting views amongst the people , ultimately resulting in fighting and unhappiness . Majority of the people are unable to form their own independent thoughts , as the schools are even changed in a way that students only learn facts and not problem solving , logic , reason , or other philosophical subjects . The main character , Montag , is a firefighter that has always done his job -LRB- burning books -RRB- without questioning . However , after a strange series of events , he slowly begins to develop his own thoughts , and starts questioning the society he lives in .
 1950
 A book revolving about the burning and destruction of books seems kind of ironic , right ? But that is exactly what the plot of Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is based on . Taking place in the not so distant future , Fahrenheit 451 revolves around one fireman , Guy Montag , whose job was to start fires instead of stop them . Living in a world where is was a crime to read books , punishable by getting your house burned down , and where the government controls all forms of entertaining media , Montag never questioned what he did for a living . All this changes one day when he meets a strange seventeen-year-old girl on the way home from work one day , and asks him a simple question ; `` Are you happy ? '' This triggers a chain reaction within Montag when he comes to the conclusion that he is , in fact , not happy with his life . Throughout the rest of book , we see how Montag struggles with this and how he quests to do something about it.Bradbury breaks down Fahrenheit 451 into three parts . In the first , the reader is introduced to the protagonist , Guy Montag , and his life and background information up to this point . However , as mentioned earlier , when he meets the young girl , Clarisse McClellan , everything is turned upside down for him , making this the defining moment of this part . She asks him if he is happy which starts to make Montag really sit down and think , a rarity for the people in this particular setting . `` He felt his smile slide away , melt , fold over and down on itself like a tallow skin , like the stuff of a fantastic candle burning too long and now collapsing and now blown out . Darkness . He was not happy . He recognized this as the true state of affairs . He wore his happiness like a mask and the girl had run off across the lawn with the mask and there was no way of going to knock on her door and ask for it back , '' -LRB- Bradbury 12 -RRB- Through the author 's use of similes , it is easy to see that this is the beginning of the change within Montag after his encounter with Clarisse.From there on , the reader experiences the inner conflict raging within Montag , and then later , outside him . With Bradbury 's frequent use of symbolism and metaphors , the reader can get a clear picture of just what is going on in the protagonist 's head , yet not so much that the reader would not have to think about it . The way Bradbury writes with these literary devices also helps him depict the imagery of each scene . An example being : `` With the brass nozzle in his fists , with this great python spitting its venomous kerosene upon the world , the blood pounded in his head , and his hands were the hands of some amazing conductor playing all the symphonies of blazing and burning to bring down the tatters and charcoal ruins if history , '' -LRB- 3 -RRB- . Keeping with one of the themes of the book , Bradbury is also constantly comparing things to the aspects of fire , or fire to a blooming flower and he compares books to wings or birds of purity and peace . The unique style in which Bradbury combines these traits helps to distinguish Fahrenheit 451 into the classic novel that it is.Overall , I thoroughly enjoyed Fahrenheit 451 . I found the plot intriguing and oddly believable for a futuristic sci-fi piece . It was written in a way easy to understand yet not so simple that it takes away from the novel . The characters were well developed and the protagonist was likable as well as easy to sympathize with . There was little to complain about except maybe the ending seemed a bit too abrupt . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good science fiction story .
 I 'm a highschool freshmen and I read the book last year when was in 8th grade . I loved it ! It makes a very eerie reflection of what we are and what we are becoming . It 's about censorship and civil disobedience . Farhrenhiet 451 is a must read for young and old a like . If you have n't read it you 're really missing something .
 If it 's written by Bradbury , its got to be good . He is one of the best science-fiction authors , and Fahrenheit 451 is no exception . It is dramatic , with broken bonds , chase scenes , and runs with the law . The ultimate ending is powerful and strong and creates a great ending for a great book .
 Reading FAHRENHEIT 451 is like going to another universe . Once you read such an awkward book by the master author of science fiction , Ray Bradbury , youre ' bound to be memerized by the proceedings . This slightly short book sometimes made me ill at ease , or uncomfortable , because the book is self-conscious in a way . Bradbury 's book is almost a conspiracy theory in many accounts , because it deals with the banning of books in an almost non-existent world.The basic premise is that reading a book in this `` world '' is against the law , where the penalties are hugely severe . The heroes , or anti-heroes in my book , are the fireman . Instead of their priorties of saving human lives , the fireman are hired basically to burn books . When a unhappily married fireman named Guy Montag questions the burning of books , his view becomes to deepen more and more . He soons to appearicate books , yet his wife and collegues soon mark him as a lawbreaker . Montag soon becomes a fugitive , and details his found use of books toward other intelligent minds who also are fond of books as well.I love Bradbury 's interesting vision of the world his book . His beliefs in the future world are almost uncanny to today . But his future world is frightening and paranoid as well . I read the book twice , and I have become found of the characters and terrific and knowlegeable storyline . Yet , I feel FAHRENHEIT 451 should be taken not so lightly . The theme of this book feels so close to home , I feel like Bradbury 's `` world '' might become our society in the years to come .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a science fiction novel written by Ray Bradbury . The title represents the temperature at which paper burns . The author describes a future society where censorship becomes so severe , that the job of the town 's firemen is not to put out fires , but rather to start them by burning books . The government tries to prevent its citizens from learning their own or independent ideas . The main character is Guy Montag . He is one of the firemen . His job is to burn the books . At first he does his job , but later he meets Clarissa , a ghostly image that could represent his conscience , and begins to question his duties . He has an internal conflict because on one hand he wants to do his job , but on the other he does n't like burning the books any longer . Mr. Montag begins to accept books as a good thing . He starts to store them in his house , but his wife turns him in to the law and they confiscate his library . He escapes and joins an outlaw society that keep the contents of books memorized so that they could be written at a later time when such action is permitted by law . Mr. Bradbury 's goal is clearly to show us the extreme to which censors could control a society simply by controlling what we read . This is a great book -- read it ! Also I would like to recommend another novel
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a beautifully written book with a haunting image of humanities future . It portrays a world where censorship reigns and individuality subcomes to the `` common good '' . In this book political correctness is at an all time high and anything that would make a human think is destroyed for the common good of the society . Including books . Fire fighters no longer put fires out in this book but they start fires to destroy books and all other things that may prompt society to have an origional thought or two . They even set fire to all `` law breakers '' who refuse to give up their precious reading material.This book ; though it has a slow story line ; is a masterpeice and warning for today 's society . A lesson we should learn well as we can see the obvious comparisons between our society and the society portrayed by Ray Bradbury.Highly recommended to all with a good attention span .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a beautifully written book with a haunting image of humanities future . It portrays a world where censorship reigns and individuality subcomes to the `` common good '' . In this book political correctness is at an all time high and anything that would make a human think is destroyed for the common good of the society . Including books . Fire fighters no longer put fires out in this book but they start fires to destroy books and all other things that may prompt society to have an origional thought or two . They even set fire to all `` law breakers '' who refuse to give up their precious reading material.This book ; though it has a slow story line ; is a masterpeice and warning for today 's society . A lesson we should learn well as we can see the obvious comparisons between our society and the society portrayed by Ray Bradbury.Highly recommended to all with a good attention span .
 A well written tale of our dark future . The story hopes to show that humans are moving to an era of faster , louder , stronger lives and giving up thinking . Force feeding the people information and opinions and expecting no opposition is the goal of the government and the people feel good about their lives . But , in this world there is no happiness . In fact , the only emotions left are negative or false . I think everyone should read this book once and see if it opens your eyes . The story is a little futuristic and does get a little difficult at times but is still worth the effort . And if 200 pages is too much for you , then the future is coming sooner then we think - rent the movie .
 Farenheight 451 is an extrordinary piece of literature . It contains a number of symbols . Ray Bradbury has written a deep complex piece of literaature in Farenheight 451 . It is set to take place in the future . Everything isin a fast pace , and there is not a second to breathe in the world that it takes place . You can not walk along the road . Also you can not talk . The most odd things in this book are firemen start fires , and it is illegal to own books . After reading this book I am left to wonder ... will the future really be like this ?
 Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting , yet challenging book to read . Its use of symbolism was sometimes difficult to comprehend , but our teacher was helpful in helping us to interpret what these symbols meant through class discussions . For example , a beetle , which was a black car , represented evil -LRB- Satan-like -RRB- , and when Bradbury referred to a black cobra crawling down her -LRB- Mildred -RRB- stomache , they meant a stomache pump . Through all this symbolism , Ray Bradbury truly made this a great book because you had to piece everything together as if it were a puzzle . I liked how the setting took place in the future . Their world was always `` on-the-go '' and non-stop in a way that they had no time to socialize . They always had a controlled schedule . The government was very strict because they controlled what they were allowed and not allowed to do , and if anyone disobeyed these harsh rules , the consequeces would be severe and possibly fatal . If you like a challenge and enjoy reading through the similes , symbolism , and many other forms of figurative language you will love this book !
 Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting , yet challenging book to read . Its use of symbolism was sometimes difficult to comprehend , but our teacher was helpful in helping us to interpret what these symbols meant through class discussions . For example , a beetle , which was a black car , represented evil -LRB- Satan-like -RRB- , and when Bradbury referred to a black cobra crawling down her -LRB- Mildred -RRB- stomache , they meant a stomache pump . Through all this symbolism , Ray Bradbury truly made this a great book because you had to piece everything together as if it were a puzzle . I liked how the setting took place in the future . Their world was always `` on-the-go '' and non-stop in a way that they had no time to socialize . They always had a controlled schedule . The government was very strict because they controlled what they were allowed and not allowed to do , and if anyone disobeyed these harsh rules , the consequeces would be severe and possibly fatal . If you like a challenge and enjoy reading through the similes , symbolism , and many other forms of figurative language you will love this book !
 I liked the symbolism Ray Bradbury used in this book . I really liked Mildred and the `` mechanical dog '' . I really enjoyed reading this book and I 'm glad I read it in class so my teacher could explain the symbolism and metaphors to me . Other than that i really liked this book.Shoutz to 8-4 at Holy Angels !
 When I first started reading this book in my Language Arts class , I honestly did n't like it at all . It was very complicated and confusing , but Ms. O. , my teacher , helped explain the book . All of the metaphors and similes symbolized something . All of the symbolism in this book was so amazing once you understood it . Light and dark , symbolizing good and bad , was used often in Fahrenheit 451 . I loved this book once I understood all of the symbolism . Fahrenheit 451 was written 50 years ago , but is supposed to take place in the 24th century . It 's funny , because some things are reversed . The main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman , but not the kind of fireman you 're thinking of , a fireman in the future . They go around lighting peoples ' houses on fire if they have books . You 're not allowed to read in the future , because the government knows that books create curiosity and cause you to think . The future government does n't want anyone to believe in anything else except what they want the society to believe . You have a speed minimum , and if you drive slower then the speed minimum , you get a ticket . The whole world just rushes from place to place . The government knows that if people do n't rush around , it might give them time to think . No one talks to each other , and it seems as if no one loves each other . Teenagers kill each other for `` fun . '' In some ways I see our society turning into this , and I probably would n't be very surprised if it was like this in the 24th century . It 's just horrible to think that our world might turn into a mindless , hypnotized world . This book makes you think , and it makes you realize how wrong censorship is . It was written in 1953 , and that 's a little while after World War II , so Ray Bradbury , the author , probably got some of his inspiration to write this book from Hitler . If Hitler ended up winning World War II , I could DEFINATLY see our world turn into Ray Bradbury 's `` future world . '' Guy Montag 's big internal conflict starts when he meets Clarisse , a crazy-17-year-old . She 's different from everyone else , because her family talks to each other at night instead of watching TV . She asks Montag if he 's happy , and that one question starts everything . He realizes that he is n't happy , and he becomes curious about books . There is no book like Fahrenheit 451 . Its constant metaphors , similes , and symbolism cause you to think about things that you would never begin to think about . -- > Gabby ** Holy Angels Class of ' 04 !!! **
 I was surprised by how much I liked this book . I had heard people talk of it forever and always put it in my mind as a book to read , but I did n't think that it would necessarily be an enjoyable read . I finally got around to reading it when I heard that Michael Moore 's new movie is titled after this book . -LRB- Fahrenheit 9/11 The Temperature at Which Freedom Burns -RRB- So about the book ... It is not only a good story with a strong message regarding freedom of speech . It is beautifully written and very easy to read . The words flow , and each character is perfect in their contribution to the story . This book is pretty short . I think it is a must read for anyone . I 'm not going to say more , because you have to read it for yourself !
 One of the signs of a great book , in my opinion , is that it disturbs you - twists with your emotions and never leaves you . More importantly , that it makes you think.Farenheit 451 does this and more . As I read it , it horrified me how much it applies to today 's society . People are always offended about one thing , or they want you to delete that . Some people detest reading at all and are content to spend their days watching sitcoms - most of which are not funny and have no point to them whatsoever . These days , people seem to be longing for an easy , brainless , sacchrine happiness and existence . Farenheit 451 shows what happens when those people get their wish.A must-read for anybody of any age - five stars from me ! If you like it , and have n't already read other books of this genre -LRB- dystopias and such -RRB- - may I also recommend 1984 by George Orwell , Anthem by Ayn Rand , and The Handmaid 's Tale by Margaret Atwood .
 The real purpose of burning the books is clearly explained by Montag 's boss himself . Those books present opinions that might upset different social , racial , etc. groups . Look at our society where polical correctness so oftent replaces the facts , the truth , and just plain common sense . False sense of social stability achieved this way is the same fallacy that is so brilliantly explored in this book . Extremely relevant .
 This , I 'm sad to say , was the first time I 'd taken the time to read a Bradbury novel . I had no idea what I was missing ! This book deserves the status of a classic , all right . It has memorable characters , vivid sentences and scenes , and holds a mirror to the errors of society . Though fifty years old , the book is surprisingly modern in its perceptions.The story follows Guy Montag , a fireman . His job is to start fires , rather than put them out . When the station receives calls about homes that harbor books , the Salamander fire engine races out with kerosene hoses to douse the residence and destroy the threatening pages.What is really under attack in Montag 's world is thought , intellectualism , connection between people . The effects of TV and useless trivia , the conflict between art and entertainment , are highlighted here in the flames of Montag 's burning . When Montag turns the corner , deciding to combat this world gone mad , he faces deep and long-lasting consequences . And the world will never be the same.Bradbury succeeds in writing a very personal , yet very global tale . The heat of this novel still emanates today . Pick up this book -- at the risk of feeling the heat !
 Undoubtedly you will read reviews that reveal the plot of this book , and then state their approval or disapproval of it . What makes this book truly great is that it takes you on a shocking and -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- inflammatory journey and drops you off wondering `` if this could ever happen '' where you live . Great fiction does more than entertain briefly . It makes us think . Great fiction gathers us in its webs of intrigue and forces us to see our own world in new ways . This book is timeless . At any point in civilization we can see the effects of the control of information -LRB- for better of worse -RRB- on us as individuals , and therefore on each of our own very thoughts and actions that we believe to be so highly personal , the ` one thing ' that no one can take from us . It is for this reason that this book should be read by everyone at an early age . This book does not proselytize
 Its no wonder this book was flagged as one of the most controversial books of its time . But do n't let that scare you , it is a GREAT read . It makes you think , and Bradbury does a great job , style and themewise . I chose Bradbury for a Critical english report -LRB- not a review , as in , ~ 15 page critical analysis -RRB- and it is great just interpreting his style and themes
 Some of the reviewers have panned this book for the writing style . I thought it was wonderful and honest . The emotional , and some times totally unemotional , conversations are so close to true speech . I think it was probably easier to understand that in the audiobook format . The version that I checked out from the library had an afterword written by Mr. Bradbury , after looking at the story over 30 yrs after he wrote it . In it , he addressed some of the feedback he has received over the years about this book . He also stated , in no uncertain terms , exactly his views on censoring of books and even of opinions.I REALLY enjoyed this book and some of the conversations it has sparked with my husband and friends about the subject matter . I highly recommend it . Especially to those who think there is nothing wrong with the empty entertainment that is pressed upon us today . We need to start thinking and talking again about things that matter . So we , too , can remember ... remember ... I love it . Read it -LRB- or listen to it -RRB- .
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , focuses on Guy Montag . Montag is working fireman , but his job is to do the exact oppisite of taking down fires , instead he makes the fires . All is well , until he meets a professour who tells him about the dreaded future with new and advanced technology . It 's up to Montag to dispose the new future , that could be tomorrow , where burning a building gets him into big mess . In my opinion Fahrenheit 451 has a very unique and compelling plot that is dearly recommended to fantasy and science fiction novel fans . Fahrenheit 451 is also recommended to readers who focus on challenging themselfs because of some of the language and transitions the novel makes .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 takes a look into a futuristic where all books are banned , and simple things , such as being a pedestrian can get you arrested . The book was written around the end of World War II , and was probably influenced by Nazi Germany because of their effort to censor everything . The main character is named Guy Montag , who is a firefighter . He is not a typical firefighter that we would think of though , his job is burn books . His life changes one day after having a conversation with his neighbor , Clarisse McClellan , who asks him if he is happy or not . After this conversation he ends up on a wild journey that then leads him to fight to save the one thing that he used to destroy.This book has stood the test of time and is a true classic . It has been referenced to in many other books , TV shows , and movies since its publication in 1953 . Ray Bradbury does an amazing job of writing the novel , with numerous twists and turns . It had me on the edge of my seat while reading the book .
 Ray Bradbury does an amazing job at creating a wonderful tale . Reading this as a 14 year old , I think it we be much more enjoyed by an older crowd . It is a great book . It is very interesting in my opinion how one can completely turn around all his beliefs so quickly ... a wonderful story for everyone above the age of 8 .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a classic science fiction novel written by Ray Bradbury and published in 1953 . This book has followed in the purpose for which the genre of science fiction was created ; to predict and speculate about what will happen to humans in the future -- and especially -- to warn readers away from the less desirable futures . So much of what is written in this book has already or may come to pass that readers may find it disturbing to read.One aspect of Fahrenheit 451 that I thought was particularly well done is its realistic portrayal of human behavior . One instance where this was displayed occurs right after Guy Montag had turned traitor and started both reading and trying to save the books he was supposed to be burning . The very firehouse he worked for programmed a mechanical hound , called simply , the `` Hound '' to search for and destroy his DNA code . As the media built up feelings of antipathy and hatred of Guy , the public responded by growing increasingly excited and exultant about seeing him caught and killed , even to the point of following the media 's suggestion that everyone check to see if Guy is outside of their house . This , to me , sounds like an accurate representation of human responses to the media 's stimuli.Another aspect of Fahrenheit 451 I liked was that the main characters are given backgrounds and histories to make it possible to understand their actions , opinions , beliefs , and morals . For example , the book describes an occasion in Guy Montag 's childhood when power was down for an evening and he and his mother used candles instead of electric lights , and talked , instead of watching TV , which helps to explain Guys rationalizations for preferring real people and hating the characters on the three-dimensional TV . Also , Clarisse , one of the supporting characters has a very rich past that is highly developed . In her case , this takes on the form of her father and uncle , who greatly influence her opinion and provide the background and embodiment for most of her convictions . They never actually appear in the book , but Clarisse 's descriptions of them and constant references to them make them seem almost like characters themselves.One of the things for which this book is the most renowned -- and , in my opinion , is its most valuable feature is its philosophy . No matter which opinion is being portrayed , the dialogue and explanation of that philosophy is passionate and convincing . For example , when Guy first goes to the retired Professor Faber , Faber describes three things which men need if humanity is to be truly free . The first is , a wealth of information , the second , time to analyze this information , and the third , the right and ability to act on this information.I have given this book a five-star rating because I consider it to be one of the finest literary works of this century , because not only did he right it with fine character development , but also with a unique plot and profound philosophies .
 A great story to pass the time during travel , such as on a plane or in car , because it should only take 2-and-a-half Hours to read . It starts with Guy Montag , a fireman whose job is to actually start fires , primarily to burn books and their owner 's houses . After being encountered by a strange 17-year old girl who asks not only `` what '' things are about but `` why '' , and witnessing a woman commit suicide by lighting her house -LRB- bearing books -RRB- on fire rather than let the Firemen do it themselves , he decides there must be something else to books than just words and paper . The story is about his struggles to revive the book world and save it from certain destruction .
 In Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , the setting is a place in the near future in which reading books is prohibited and being caught with them is punishable . The book begins with Guy Montag , whose job in life is to go around and set fires to houses in which books are being kept . When a woman sets fire to her herself and her house rather then give up her books , Guy starts to question what exactly he is doing . At first he does not believe this is wrong , but when he takes a few books home one day , he is enlightened and realizes that the burning of such great works would be preposterous and their loss monumental . As soon as he has this awakening , he comes under danger due to it.This book is not only about censorship as although it may seem this way . This book portrays an eerie depiction about what the world would be like without some individual freedoms . No one wants to offend anybody in the city that is the setting for the book . Because of this , freedom of speech is limited . The book makes you dig deep into your own mind and really makes you think about how the world could be different.There were many strong points to this book . The first is the interesting and thought provoking plot . Through much excitement in the novel , it keeps you interested until you turn the last page . Another great strong point is the great details . I could truly sense that I was in the book and it played similar to a movie in my head . There is more then enough detail to give you exactly what the author wants you to see , while leaving some to the imagination as well . The only weakness of the book that I found was it starts off a little slow in the beginning , but other then that is an amazing readFahrenheit 451 is a pleasure to read and leaves you wanting more . The book is an instant classic and I suggest anyone who has any interest in science fiction to read it .
 Fahrenheit 451 absolutely cathes the reader 's attention of the importance of books . In this story the government has become so corrupt that it has banned the ownership of any sort of literature . It is not until the day when protagonist Montag realizes , while talking to a young girl , how unhappy and naive he actually was . Bradbury takes the idea of a Utopia society and turns it completely upside downThis book shows the damaging effects on the censorships of books and stresses the importance of literature . This is a highly recommmended book to those seeking to open their eyes and realize the truth of how society can be . However , the story moves at a slow pace and many undifined things are exposed in the begining . Other than that , this is an exceptioally good book with an even better moral .
 Ray Bradbury once called himself a writer of `` speculative fiction . '' He most certainly based that statement on this very book . Bradbury 's view of the future from 1953 is proving its merit now that it is beginning to come true . Similar to Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World and George Orwell 's 1984 , Bradbury 's novel tells of a world in which the government has entrapped society in a web of propaganda . Bradbury 's novel differentiates itself from the other two , however , in that it focuses on this oppressive government 's censorship of literature and the `` firemen , '' who burn these illegal books . Fahrenheit 451 also is far more entertaining to read , as it is in pure Bradbury style , with vivid , colorful writing , and Bradbury 's standard metaphors at every turn of the page . A great read for any Bradbury fan , a science fiction reader , or anyone who wants to see society with a whole new perspective . in sum , this book proves that Ray Bradbury has got the future 's number . That number is , of course , Fahrenheit 451 .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is an eerily prophetic science fiction novel written in 1953 . This book deals with concepts such as censorship which was prominent in the ' 50 's and today as fewer and fewer people read books . The story is based around Guy Montag , a futuristic fire fighter who does n't put out fires for a living but instead burns books . One day he meets a young girl named Clarisse who changes his view on books and life . From then on Montag is a changed man and attempts to overthrow the fire department and everyone else who is against books . After killing the fire chief he flees the city and meets up with a group of outcasts who are pro-books . They have memorized entire books hoping that one day they will one day again become accepted . This is a great book and I reccommend it to everyone .
 Ray Bradbury in his classical novel Fahrenheit 451 uses symbolism , imagery , and literary devises to create an abhorrent world filled with censorship . In Fahrenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury gives a frightening vision of the future where firemen do n't put out fires -- they start them in order to burn books . Bradbury paints society as holding happiness as there highest goal , where trivial , useless information is good and ideas and knowledge is bad . One of the most reoccurring literary devises in this novel is symbolism . We often see symbolism in the character 's names . For example , one of the main characters , Guy Montag can have two translations . Guy signifies Guy Faux a famous man we associate with effigy , and Mischief Day -LRB- Nov. 4 -RRB- , and Montag is the trademark of the Need American Paper Company , also a brand of furnaces . More symbolism is shown when we meet Faber . Faber is America 's leading pencil company and it is going to be the pencil that writes on Montag 's paper .
 Reading on and on , and flying through the pages of an exceptional novel , sums up my spellbinding experience with Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 . With its wide array of characters I shared their pain , sorrow , and excitement . Its many themes forced me to ponder about our civilization 's future . The picture that Bradbury painted of a particular community was magnificent . Most importantly , I encountered a society that seemed alien and threatening , but also familiar enough to be real . It is a story of censorship and consumerism , a novel concerning the future , a tale describing the transformation of a man are words that merely describe the power of this novel . Fahrenheit 451 is a well-written , organized encounter with the life of an ordinary fireman and his legacy .
 In the book , books are banned for making people 's minds corrupt . Firemen now don not put out fires , they simply just start them . Guy Montag , a fireman for 10 years , never questioned his job of destroying books . Until he met a 17 year old girl who told him of a great past . Then , Guy meets a doctor who tells him how he can save the planet from another dark age.Ray Bradbury , I salute you ! This book contains some of the most thoughtful sentences and words , and talks about such topics as censorship , politics , and the corrupt police . Too bad it was short . This is so good , I might read it again right now ! The only thing that 's stopping me is that it 's a library book . I NEED THIS BOOK !
 If you have not read this book yet , you are missing out . This book by Ray Bradbury exposes you to why books are very important . A must read .
 Ray Bradbury did well done job . this book exposes you to why books are so valuable . Reading is a gift from God . If you have not read it yet , you must because you are missing out on a terrific story .
 I chose this book because I have read Ray 's books before and enoyed them . The title seemed interesting , so I took it . His style of writing can be confusing , so you must concentrate while reading . I gave this book a `` thumbs up '' because it had an unexpected ending .
 In 1980 I had to read this book for one our class assignments . I was brought into the world of the book burner , and was scared ! This could really happen , I kept saying this over and over . I have been trying to locate this great book for years ! Now I can share this with my children , and hope they see what I did , and to insure that it never does !
 I think that Fahrenheit 451 was an outstanding book to read . At first I was mad at the point that i had to read as reading assignment for school . But as contiued reading I was very happy that I read this book . I also believe that this may happen in the future so be careful what you wish for . So if you have not read this book read now and you will see what I 'm talking about .
 I was actually forced to read this book for a high school english class , and fell in love with it . It 's simply chilling in it 's portrayal of the `` future '' and the deliberate ambiguity about Clarrise is very cool . The deeper themes in this book make it one completely rife with feeling . A very poignant book , it 's definitely a must-read .
 Bradybury proposed advertizing which is everywhere , kids who kill one another for no reason , people who no longer even bother to think for themselves because their thoughts are fed to them by TV . Tell me this is n't America in the 1990 's . And Bradbury had it right in the 50 's . And Clarisse stills haunts me , asking `` Are you happy ? '' I hear her every time I think to purchase something I have seen advertized , something I think will improve my happiness . She had it right , real experiences make us more alive , not what we buy .
 Kind of confusing , but is wonderful once you get into it . Really makes you think . I had to read for school but I would have even if I did n't have to .
 It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time . I could just visualize what was happening . It was the second-best science fiction book that I had ever read -LRB- the best book being the Giver -RRB- .
 I thought that this book was great and it really makes you wonder . This book was written by a person who had a great imagination , the best . And like Einstein said , `` Imagination is more important that knowledge . '' Which I thought was the moral of the book . I would reccomend this book to anyone who wants to read where one page makes you read the next .
 This book is a very important must-read for every person living in America at this time in history . The paralells that can be drawn from the story in this novel to the `` dumbing of America '' that is going on today are quite unnerving , and quite scary . This book should be required reading for everyone who has ever turned on the television to escape from the world -LRB- which is just about everyone in this country -RRB- .
 This is a thought-provoking book . 451 society and today 's society are frighteningly similar in many ways . Also , on a deeper level , Bradbury uses symbolism to make the work even better . This is a must-read .
 The stereotype of teenagers in general is that they hate to read books . Well I am one of those teens that fit into that category , and , having read this book for an assignment , I have to say that I do n't regret substituting passing notes for reading this book . The descriptions of the future are so exact and precise that it 's mind boggling . Clarisse -LRB- In Part I -RRB- portrays almost perfectly what nobody else could . There are parts of the book where you expect one thing to happen , and you get something totally different and say to yourself `` Whoa ... '' and you are almost forced to think about it . I ca n't reccommend this book enough .
 In my honest opinion Bradbury is one of the best contemporary authors , not only in US , but worldwide . Its a must read for a well educated person .
 Amazingly written !! Ray Bradbury is a visionary . The book was intriguing , and suspenseful . When I read it I could n't put it down !
 It seemed at first that the book was too far-fetched , that It could never happen . However the more I read the more I saw connections to life today . In many ways it has been very prophetic . It basically displays what happens when a culture values convenience and comfort over honesty and truth.great read , recommend it to anyone .
 The things in this book hold so true to the majority of society now . This is a true amazing classic .
 this is a book I read in middle school and I just had to have it for my child.this is a must have for any reader 's library .
 People believe everything is alright , but books like this just makes you realize how illiterate this world is becoming . Would recommend to anyone .
 This novel is brilliant and amazing . The plot centers around Guy Montag , a fireman who 's job it is to burn books and houses containing books . The world has made books illegal , making humans almost like robots who are lazy and obsessed with technology and fun . This novel is a definitely sci-fi , but it also could be considered future fiction or dystopia . There is a lot of action and adventure within the story , but I also like the philosophical implications that Ray Bradbury put in there . A wonderful read that will keep you captivated and thinking !
 A classic that I read years ago with a message that is as relevant to day as it was when written .
 This has always been one of my favorite Bradbury books . Just bought this for my kids and they have enjoyed it so far as well .
 This book , as many of Bradbury 's , is incredibly interesting . With symbolism and strangeness Bradbury depicts the future as it would be without books . Not only is this novel an amazing tale the first time it is read , but it contains the same excitement and wonder many times thereafter .
 Wow ! I just finished this book for my 8th grade reading class two days ago . It was the wierdest book I 've ever read , yet in an awesome way . The things Bradbury talks about in this book that should come as a shock are almost prophetic . I 'm not suggesting that our world will come to the point of men burning books for a living any time soon , but it 's kindof scary to think about the glimpses of some of these things -LRB- ex . TV `` families '' -RRB- that we are already beginning to see . I think that we should take this book as a warning not to let ourselves be so worried about being happy that we let ourselves be trapped in the kind of world Bradbury illustrates . This was an awesome book .
 As a gifted student I deal with things relating to this book all the time . I have found that the school systems , in order to please everyone , find a way to mask stupidity and praise every child meaninglessly . In Farenheit 451 the lack of books is like the school system 's mindless praise . There is nothing that displeases anyone . I find this classic novel a shockingly truthful account of the not-too-distant future . A must read book for anyone .
 This book is really good because it offers a different perspective on life . Some of the things in the book are coming true already . For example as soon as my sister comes home from school she turns on the TV and watches talk shows and soap operas .
 This book was wonderful . Fahrenheit 451 is an great testiment to , not only the writing ability of Ray Bradbury , but also his ability to write in the future . It is an exemplary piece about the consequences of living without free speech and free thought . It 's a creepy book that easily mimics our future society if we are suppressed . Absolutely fascinating . A philosophical and an exciting read !!
 I read Fahrenheit 451 in my English class , and the class is still reading it . I 'm one of the few in my grade who understood it , but I 'm not sure why . I thought it was a never-put-down novel , because Montag starts out loving to burn books , then a young girl -LRB- Clarisse , 17 -RRB- sets him straight . He realizes all the work that has been done for the books to be written , so he starts working against the firemen , who burn the books . He gets caught with books , and his house is burnt . He is considered a fugitive , and at the end of the novel , there is a very exiting chase , to the death .
 I read this book in 8th grade as part of a requirement . I found the book to be excellently written and with an amazing plot line . You 'll despise the hound while pondering Montag . I recommend this book for ANYONE who enjoys a bit of imagination .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book that I highly recommend , particularly to today 's youth , because I feel that the message is one very much needed in a society dominated by television . The book was a sort of prophesy by Bradbury in the 50 's , warning Americans of what may happen to young minds today and in the future , if we allow television to blindly influence our lives and society . I view the `` families '' as the television , dangerous because it delivers suggestions to the brain , before one can approach it with analytical thought . Visual suggestions can alter your way of perceiving life if one does n't approach it with question and analysis . Books , however , allow one to analyze and reason out ideas for themselves . This is a point clearly illustrated in Brabury 's book , the importance of reading ; the enhancers of free thought . Once again , I strongly recommend Fahrenheit 451 be read , particularly by the youth of the 90 's and the millenium . This is definitely a book needed in our age of runaway technology .
 A book you have to think about , and that makes you question society and the way you think .
 What a treat to re-read this book with the added bonus of the Coda at the end and the Conversation with Ray Bradbury.In my memory 451 was about book burning , but it is actually about the death of thinking and conversation and culture . Anyone who watches TV today knows we are certainly headed in that direction with the dumbed down shows and news casts . We are certainly not supposed to question authority . Our library checkouts and bookstore purchases can be monitored for daring to read outside the boundries of correctness.Dare to read this book and think about what Ray Bradbury foretold .
 I have to be honest and confess that my rating is really three stars + one star for the historic value . This is the novel that 7th grade English teachers across the US recommend to teach children the value of books -- I guess that that fact alone earns it a star.Bradbury creates a vision of a world where Firemen burn books when they 're found instead of putting out fires . People have wall-sized interactive television which has taken the place of family life . Teenagers are encouraged to drive as quickly as possible when bored , and bearing children is officially nearly forbidden . One fireman , spurred on by a non-conformist neighbor , begins to question his task and becomes alive to the value in books.While some of the messages certainly are still relevant , the book is not as strong of an effort of other Bradbury novels . The tone and the heavy message focus date the book and tend to say more to someone interested in the concerns of the 50s then they really appeal to modern readers.Difficult not to recommend , all things considered , but do n't expect too much .
 Ignore the people who claim this book is boring , horrible , or even offensive-this is one of the best books written , and paints a future that sometimes does n't seem that far off . A book worth reading again and again .
 In Ray Bradbury 's Fahenheit 451 , we get to look at a futuristic world where books are banned and reading is prohibited . The narrator is a firefighter named Montag and unlike the firefighters of out modern society the firefighters of Montag 's world start fires to burn books as opposed to extingushing fires to help citizens . Through the novel , we see how the government controls society by watching the citizens everymove and controlling what they may see or hear by using their own propaganda . This can be seen through Montag 's wife , who is a drug using zombie addicted to watching government TV twenty four hours a day . Montag eventually becomes a victim when becomes interested in the books he is hired to destroy , steals them and hides them in his home . Through Montag 's experiences we get a close look at how individuals in his world have no control of their destiny . However , when it seems most bleak and Montag is close to being discovered , Bradbury introduces some savior like characters . Fleeing from the law , Montag finally discovers the Book People living in the forest . These people memorize books and then they repeat the book to others so that books will live on forever in their memory even though they are being destroyed by the government . Although Bradbury builds a complex plot , the message is simple , when a society tries to control peoples basic freedoms so that they can manipulate them with their own propaganda , its time to start heading for the woods .
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is a classic story of censorship , in an overprotective society . Stories are told of people 's happiness , newly found after learning from the many banned works of classic authors such as Shakespeare . This distopic society uses feigned happiness to mask the true meaning of life . They are overwhelmed by external stimuli to prevent them from learning anything new from within.This is an excellent book , and I reccommend that anybody who has had any experience with censorship read this . Anybody who has already read Fahrenheit 451 should read it again , and again , to see how society has changed to , or away from this form .
 Bradbury 's classic is another look at how the world could be headed for literary distruction . In his own thoughts at the end of this novel he compares the actual burning of books to the figurative slow burning of books by abridging . He believes that every book should be left in it 's original text as the auther so intended ; every verb , adjective and comma.This book is a must read for all appreciaters of any type of literature . It reinforced my forgotten belief of a book 's true value.So throw down that remote and pick up a good novel , unless of course there 's a good episode of Seinfeld on ... or a good movie ... and of course you have to watch the world series , and every other sports playoffs ... . ahhhh forget books they take up to much time anyway . That did n't last long , did it ?
 I had to read this book for my 8th grade reading class . I 'm not much of a reader , in fact I do n't read at all unless I have to . I thought this was a good book , but could have been better without all the elaboration . Every little thing that he talked about whether it was the firehouse or the match he described it to the nth degree . Overall I thought it was a fairly good book .
 `` A little learning is a dangerous thing ... shallow draughts intoxicate the brain , and drinking largely sobers us again . '' - Alexander PopeCuriosity and learning were foreign concepts to Montag , a book-burning fireman . But that was before Clarisse , before the books . No longer able to stay blissfully ignorant of the wrongs of the society around him and the misery of the people so engrossed in their technology , he begins his journey for knowledge . But how far is he willing to go?Ray Bradbury sobers us with the world he creates , leaving us to wonder - could our future be heading down the same path ? With odd and many sided characters , such as Mildred who calls television actors her family during the day and downs sleeping pills at night , the book refuses to be put down.In his book , Bradbury proves that knowledge lives on long after it is created ; even when the source is gone , things can still be remembered and often still ring true.Within a single novel , hard to find in this day and age , a story that transcends time is found , one where you hope and worry for the protagonist . Is there any chance of success against government as a whole and is rebellion and knowledge worth it ? That 's for you to decide after reading this book . For we are taught that , though knowledge sobers us , we must be sober to be ourselves.With an unpredictable ending and realism not found in most books today , you will regret it if you miss this book . But wait until you are ready to decipher it , because symbolism is found everywhere , from salamanders to people .
 Fahrenheit was an interesting book to read . I am one who does not enjoy reading , but after seeing a roommate read the book I became interested . It has a good plot to it and it is not a very lengthy book . Because if this it makes for a very quick read and is great for those that do not have lots of time for reading . In the past I have read other dystopia novels such as 1984 and I did not enjoy them . I find them to be disturbing and rather boring to me . On the other hand I was able to keep focus while reading this book and I actually enjoyed it . It is good to finally read a dystopia novel that would not want to give me night terrors at night . I found the book to be helpful and made me think about what if these things were true in today 's society . There are times when the book can be a little confusing and boring to read , but that is the same with any other book you will read . You just have to be patient and continue to read it through . Over all I thought this was an excellent book to read and I highly recommend it .
 I am a 13-year-old girl in an Extended Projects Program English class , and so I read this book -LRB- because it was a classic , and that fulfilled the assignment -RRB- . I think that this was a very futuristic and imaginative story , as other Bradbury creations . I would reccomend this book to any bright student who enjoys any type of books ranging from sci-fi to plain fiction , or anyone who just likes to read classics . I must admit that there were some facts and happenings in this book that I did not necessarily understand completely , or a line of events that seemed out of order or somewhat confusing . This is definitely not an easily interrupted book - one must have a long period of time on his hands to get through a few chapters . Overall , I recommend any of Bradbury 's books to anyone with truly good taste in books . :--RRB- Thank you for reading this On-line Review .
 This book epitomizes what is most wonderful about Bradbury 's work ; he tells fairly simple tales but they can also be explored for their depth of meaning . As we see in other books like `` Brave New World '' , the primary characters in `` Farenheit 451 '' may appear to be naieve or even stupid , at times . But , one does n't have to look very far or very hard to see examples of blind acceptance of ideas and leaders . To intelligent , critical minds , this acceptance is often ludicrous . Look back 60 or 70 years and you see a whole nation succumbing to stupid ideas - and 6 million people died . `` Farenheit 451 '' is a prime example of what science fiction can often do better than any other type of fiction - give us parables or lessons of those things that are best and worst in ALL of us
 Bradbury tells a bizarre tale of a world were firemen burnbooks , books are banned , and vidio media rules . What ismost frightening is the stunning reality of his tale.Bradbury saw to the future , even most of this novel ` stechnology is correct with today 's society . All in all , a fine book , true to nature , and exciting .
 At age 41 and as a former college English major , this is perhaps an unusual book to have just read for the first time , especially since most people seem to get to it in high school . For some reason , this was not part of my high school 's curriculum and it has evaded me until now . However , with Mr. Bradbury 's recent passing and in his honor , I decided now was the time . This is a book that has fairly embedded itself in American popular culture so , despite not having read it and having seen bits and pieces of the 1966 film starring Oskar Werner , I was already familiar with its basic premise and themes . And as they say , the book is better than the movie!As is the case with great science fiction , it continues to be as relevant today as it was at the time of original publication . Especially relevant is Bradbury 's emphasis on electronic media 's usurpation of peoples ' attention . Everyone has a `` Wall '' -LRB- i.e. big screen television -RRB- that spews mindless entertainment . Everyone interacts with a disembodied `` family , '' which might be like the Internet-based social networks of today . With the addiction to these media , people stop knowing or caring about what 's going on around them to the point where they even begin to forget why they do what they do or even how they met their spouses . Superficial interactions supplant true human intimacy . Most significantly , they lose their capacity for critical thought because their society has promoted the idea that individualism leads to conflict and avoiding conflict is paramount even if it results in a society of conformists . Ignorance , as they say , is bliss . The irony is , while Americans may not be fighting amongst themselves , they are fighting with the rest of the world . Their abdication of critical thought keeps them placid and easily tractable , but provides no salvation.If you 're trying to understand why you should read this book , the reason is basically this
 Awesome book ! Should be mandatory reading for everyone . May you rest in peace , Ray ! What a talent !! I was shocked hear of Ray 's passing !
 I bought this for my English 10 class and we used it to begin our reading . It matches the novel perfectly and allowed us to stop and discuss often !
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is a controversial book that takes place in the future . It revolves around a firefighter named Guy Montag , but is very unlike firefighters of our time . In Fahrenheit 451 , the job of firefighters is to burn books and houses where they are kept , even if that means burning the people in the homes . The people of authority believe that books are bad for society because they cause conflict between groups of people . They also make people think more than necessary , which always causes trouble . Because of the censorship in society , the citizens have become no more than robots ; the few people who refuse to conform are killed by the government . Montag finally sees the truth to the life that he has been blindly living for thirty years and decides that there is need for reform in society , and that he can help to change it.The main characters of this book are Montag , Mildred , Clarrise and Fire Captain Beatty . Montag is a fireman from the third generation that burns books . He is not often aware of the actions that he takes . But when he meets Clarisse he opens his eyes and starts to realize the true meaning of books and life . Mildred is Montag 's sick wife . She is suicidal and her only life is with her fake `` family '' within the walls of her parlor . Mildred does n't care about Montag , nor does she understand him . Clarisse is an intelligent and adventurous seventeen year old girl who becomes friends with Montag . She introduces him to the meaning and beauty of life . Clarisse is very different from other because she `` ask 's ` why ' rather than ` how ' '' . Captain Beatty is perhaps one of the most interesting characters of the story because he is the enlightened man who has given up because it is simply easier to lose than to fight.The main themes are censorship , ignorance , and redemption . Censorship is shown in destruction and fear because authoritative figures burn houses down that have books and other material that is harmful to the community ; books , magazines , and anything that is educational that might cause someone to question the community that they live in . For example , the firefighters burned an elderly ladies ' house because she questioned the community . The leadership is so corrupt that they end up burning the old lady as well because she wanted to stay with her books and they did n't feel like trying to get her to leave . Montag shows ignorance when Clarisse starts sharing her ideas with him and he thinks that she is crazy even though almost everything she says is completely true . Eventually he starts to question his own actions about burning houses . He redeems his ignorance by listening to her and finally by having a paradigm shift and fighting back against his own fellow firefighters and society 's structure.One of the strengths of the book was a strong use of imagery . One example being what Montag said about his wife Mildred
 Timeless work on a futuristic society completely and utterly ignorant of any reality except their corporate jingles , giant TV 's , and fake families . A look into a shallow desensitized self censored society where intellectuals are targeted as criminals , books are outlawed , and those who refuse to submit are tracked down by the mechanical hound.Fahrenheit 451 is a frightening look inside of a corporate dystopian hell where there is no ` We the People ' just ` we the market ' and the State is omnipotent . Out on the fringes of the state 's control remains a remnant of society , mostly hobos , who are dedicated to preserving the words that many will never read . A classic example when people stop thinking for themselves .
 Ray Bradbury 's story of how he wrote this genius book in the UCLA basement on a manual typewriter at 10-cents an hour is such a perfect start . The nine days in dimes that he spent came to so much good . This is a classic because it is science-fiction that predicts our world today . If you look closely , you 'll see ipods and cell phones and flatscreen TVs in Bradbury 's artistic vision . The message is obvious but insidious . We know that books are the knowledge of our anscestors , that writing is ideas and that without them we would be vapid , yet we still do n't actually get it . Bradbury has created a world with evil every bit as tempting as our own , then turns it all around into a greater good . It 's magic !
 The reviewer who said there are frightening similarities between the book and what we see happening today is bang on the money.I first read the book in highschool , then reread it several times when I became an adult . I hope they still give this book to high school students to read . It 's written clearly and cleanly and is easily digestible . Much like brave new world , we should be shocked at the society portrayed in the book . But if you look carefully around you we are more like that society that we care to admit . I have a friend , a university grad , who refuses to read any books because she thinks they are geeky and dry . She prefers the world of TV and glossy magazines with few words . How different is she from the main characters wife?It 's an excellent book you will read quickly but think about for ever .
 It 's hard to write a review for this book that is different from all of the others.All I can say is this is a classic story of censorship and and government intrusion in our lives . This is the 50th anniversary edition and I really enjoyed the author notes in the back . Over the years , Ray had been asked by many people asking to modify his work so it 's slightly less offensive , something specifically talked about in this book!Certainly makes you think .
 What would it be like to live in a world where firemen go around burning books to `` protect '' citizens from thinking ? What book would you be if you could be a book ? This is one of my favorite thought-provoking dystopias about freedom of the press . A companion book for discussion could be God 's Smuggler which talks about smuggling Bibles -LRB- a forbidden book -RRB- behind the Iron Curtain . Both books are age appropriate for teens and adults .
 I just finished reading this book for the third time and it simply gets better with age , like a vintage wine . How can we picture a world where there are no books , particularly novels?Like most of us on Amazon , I 'm a voracious reader and have been since I was in elementary school . Books transport us to another world and allow us to have insight into lives , situations other countries that we may never otherwise experience . Good books pose tough questions about ethics , coping with adversity , and dealing with loss , sorrow or facing hard choices -- for example , Sophie 's Choice , when she had to choose between which one of her children she would save from the Nazis.When I was 19 and I first read this book , I thought it was just about banning books . I did n't fully comprehend the depth of mind control that would be involved in restricting information , and consequently creating a reality that is so sanitized that it bears no resemblance to real life . No wonder people were glued to the flatscreen TVs and hooked on mood altering substances to get through the day.As always , Ray Bradbury does a fantastic job of making us think long and hard after we put this book down . The video version is also quite good , but I sometimes had trouble making out people 's accents , and it was created in the days before subtitles were available . Altogether , a terrific read that bears rereading over the decades .
 I read this book for the first time when I was probably 13 and I have loved it every since . It truly is an amazing book and one you can never forget . Randomly during a regular conversation even 10 years after reading this book I find myself connecting coversations to things in the book . A book everyone should read . I ca n't wait to have my daughter read it in a few years !
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the most famous works of science fiction , and with `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' represents one of the most memorable and haunting dystopias . In a future world , books are banned and firemen actually set fires instead of extinguishing them . The state exercises a form of social control through controlling what sort of information people have access to . It turns out that not all books are banned , only those that we would today consider `` great works '' - Plato , Shakespeare , The Bible , Darwin , etc. . For me one of the biggest surprises about Fahrenheit 451 was the rationale that was offered for the burning of those books . In a nutshell , they offended politically correct sensibilities and the authorities felt that they would undermine the social cohesion . This expunging of the classics from the culture has an uncanny resonance with the attempts over past few decades to expunge them from the undergraduate liberal arts curriculum . And rationale is also similar
 Wonderful story . Never gets old . I can read it over and over again , which I do . I recommend people to at least read it once , it 's a classic .
 The Audio book `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was purchased by me as a gift for a friend who has limited eyesight . He reports that the book is of exceptional quality and very easy to use . I would recommend this book based on his comments . I have read this book in hardback , and it is a very good book by Ray Bradbury .
 Simply put , society has always been caught up in the pursuit of happiness . And after so much time , we of the modern world have almost achieved it . The only thing that holds us back is the incessant racket caused by thinkers , and all the time we spend pondering their works , to gain no `` fun '' out of it all ! Better than , that we ignore -LCB- or even burn ! -RCB- their holier-than-thou books and live blissfully in our ignorance -LCB- or should we say pure euphoria ? -RCB- . Analyzation and thought have only ever given us misery ... That Bradbury can create a world so perfectly grasped by this reasoning is an incredible literary feet . This argument has slithered into every mind to the point where you can hardly resist believing it yourself as the novel seamlessly flows from page to page.Guy Montag himself composes the perfect vessel through which to traverse Fahrenheit 451 's future . He is wracked with doubts and utterly shaken by his fears ... that he is the only person in the entire world who notices its paramount shift towards the abandonment of all the lessons we have learned . Bradbury 's writing style impeccably mirrors Montag 's convoluted thoughts , his words whipping back and forth along every end of the emotional spectrum , capturing every nuance of Montag 's terror , rage , anguish , and sheer morbid indifference to his environs ... Those environs that perfectly mirror the -LSB- ... -RSB- of our society . At first glance the book might take place in the modern America in which it was written , building a sense of unconscious connection with the reader ... A connection which is soon brutally shattered by the seamless integration of nightmarish facets of our -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Read this book years ago but in having a conversation with my friend 's 16-year-old nephew , i thought i would hope on and give a review to a profoundly impactful book . i tossed bradbury my friend 's nephew 's way when i heard it was not required reading -LRB- i read in high school -RRB- . the reason being
 While some authors may have ruined this book by hammering the central theme of the novel with hackneyed phrases and over the top situations , Bradbury succeeds in twisting a tale that manages to nudge the reader towards his point of view . Brilliantly crafted and downright cunning , Bradbury proves to be one of the greatest writers of his , or any generation .
 A quick read with a big font , and only 170 pages , yet it was so good.A terrific story of a fireman who does n't fit in with the rest of the group and then goes a stray.If the book has multiple introductions , prefaces or whatever only read one , -LRB- preferably the longest one -RRB- otherwise its just repetitive , though somewhat interesting .
 I recommend this book to people so that they can finally see whats happening to our society . They ca n't keep taking things away from us , or this is how we 'll end up . We have to be allowed to think for ourselves , not told what we should think .
 `` The whole culture 's shot through . The skeleton needs melting and reshaping . Good God , it is n't just as simple as picking up a book you laid down half a century ago . Remember , the firemen are rarely necessary . The public itself stopped reading of its own accord . '' -- Faber to Montag in Fahrenheit 451Montag is a fireman , but not in the sense we understand . In Bradbury 's bleak vision of the future , houses are fireproof , freeing firemen from their traditional roles . Instead , firemen burn books , which have been banned by an oppressive government . A fireman for ten years , Montag takes great pride in his work , but has always harbored curiosity about the objects he destroys.Montag 's life is changed by a chance meeting with his new neighbor , a young girl named Clarisse . At the end of their initial encounter , Clarisse asks him if he 's happy . The question reverberates in Montag 's consciousness , causing him to question his ideas and attitudes , especially on the subject of books . Simply put , Montag 's life and psyche are transformed by an idea . At novel 's end , he has become a fugitive from justice , but he 's happier than he has ever been , for he has discovered the power of the written word.Bradbury 's classic novel has only improved with age . Reading the book , you have to be impressed by his prescience in predicting the advent of political correctness , teen violence , the ascendancy of television , the sound bite , and the general decline of our society . You 'll also be impressed by his economy with words -- in less than 200 pages , Bradbury conveys a powerful , moving message about overwhelming social problems . If you have read it before , it 's time to reread it . If you 've not yet had the pleasure , you 'll get to enjoy a sublime reading experience .
 Fahrenheit 451 is such a classic , and sadly , I had never read it . Now that I have , I can see why it 's a classic and can see why it will always remain one and remain relevant . This was a very powerful book . Picture a world engaged in war , a world full of censorship , a world where there is no speed limit , a world where people do not engage with each other , but rather engage with the walls . This is the world that Ray Bradbury has created in Fahrenheit 451.451 is the number that the firemen wear on their uniforms . The jobs of the firemen are not to put out fires , but rather , start them . Books are banned in Bradbury 's world . Books are seen as not real , silly , impersonal , influential , propaganda and will not be tolerated by the government . So it is that the job of the firemen is to burn every book in existence and to imprison the owner of the books . Quite a scary thing . One of the firemen , Montag -LRB- the central character -RRB- has kept some books of his own . Upon reading them , he finds that books should exist , and you can see the dilemma that this could cause . That 's all I 'll say so as not to ruin the story for those who have never read this.This is also my first Bradbury work , and I 'm very happy that I 've finally discovered him . He is Orson Scott Card 's favorite author , so I figured he had to be a pretty damn good writer ... and he is ! I look forward to reading more of his work . I have Something Wicked This Way Comes sitting on my shelf , so that 'll be the next Bradbury . I also have a short story by the name of The Homecoming illustrated by Dave McKean.It 's very ironic that this book has been banned seeing as the book is about books being banned and censorship . My thoughts on why it may be banned is because of Montag 's challenge of authority . This is shown as a good thing in this book and he is the hero , and it 's generally not well taken in our society when one goes up against the government or any form of authority . I think it 's ridiculous to ban this book though . This book speaks volumes about power in the wrong hands , ignorance , and many other themes that I could go on forever about . Bottom line is that this is a wonderful book and although it has been banned in some places , I 'm glad to see that it is required reading in so many other places .
 The reason I chose to read Fahrenheit 451 was because my teachers and my group chose it for me . . It was n't a book I knew much about in the beginning . Some of my peers and friends throughout my school had already read it and the reviews by them would have probably been a bit more harsh than mine . Despite persuasion and influence by my peers , I still think it is an excellent book that is definitely worth reading . After I finished Fahrenheit 451 I discovered it is a very controversial and inspirational book.It 's a book that is understandably controversial . It did n't surprise me that it was . The book is based around a main character named Guy Montag who was a fireman but not just your normal fireman . Firemen in this book actually make fires . They make fires to burn books . The society in Fahrenheit 451 believes that books are wrong . They think that it is filling your brain with nonsense . A lot of characters in this book are n't very intellectual ; they do n't have very deep thoughts , and seem to all have a very short attention span . This was the same for Montag until a teenage girl named Clarisse comes into his life . Clarisse is a deep thinking character that had a great influence on Montag . Montag was persuaded to question everything including his job of burning books , which he never had a problem with before . He realizes the truth about books and about being intellectual . He decides to take actionn.This book is not an easy read in my opinion . It uses a lot of rhetoric throughout the book . It contains many metaphors and a lot of the times the sections you are reading mean much more than what it might appear . I had to read these parts several times to understand them . It 's not a book that you can skim or really read in one night with ease . It really causes the reader to think . It really helped that it was a group project in my class . That way I could get someone else 's opinion on what a certain section really meant or I could get someone else to explain it to me in a better way than I could explain it to myself . It 's a really superb book if the reader has someone to discuss the book with and here other opinions to influence the reader 's opinions on what a section or area really means.Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting , inspirational , and controversial book . It shows how a character changes from calling out other people for `` thinking to many things '' to a character that is very intellectual and begins to go into deep thoughts such as `` The sun burnt every day . It burnt Time ... Time was busy burning the years and the people anyway , without any help from him . So if he burnt things with the firemen and the sun burnt Time , that meant that everything burnt ! '' This quote proves how Montag progresses through the book but it also shows how the book can be analyzed to get a better understanding of the book . Overall this is an exceptional book . It is n't a book anyone should read if they do not have the time , because of this I would recommend buying it to allow the reader to have unlimited time to read and analyze every aspect of the book . It is an inspirational and controversial book about many meanings , such as censorship and rising against unjust leadership and despite Fahrenheit 451 being a difficult book to read , I would still recommend it give it four out of five stars .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a frightful vision of what the future may have in store for us . The novel follows a fireman , not just any ordinary fireman that puts out fires and rescues people . This fireman , Guy Montag , creates fires . They are required by law to destroy all books and the houses that contain the books . Weird , I know ! Montag 's society believes books bring harm and destruction to people mentally and even physically . However , Guy soon begins to realize that all the ideas he once believed in were all morally incorrect and he begins to embark on a quest to cease this destruction and find true meaning in himself and in society.I chose this book for an independent reading assignment for school and I first thought , `` Wow , this is gunna suck ! '' However , like they always say dont judge a book by its cover . This novel gave way to a new way of thinking about how the future may end up . It was realistic and I guess that 's why I enjoyed it . I do recommend this book to anyone that likes easy reading and realistic fiction , though I dont recommend doing four seperate essays afterword for a test grade !
 Fahrenheit 451 is a read rich with a delicious story and social commentary . Guy Montag lives in a world made ironic because of the stark contrast to the way we wish our society was today . Firemen do n't keep people safe from fires , they bust into houses starting fires . Scholars and professors live on the outside of society because of their love for books , philosophy , and sociology where in our world professors are on the inside and the ignorant majority are on the outside because of their lack of interest for the said disciplines.Literature is correctly portrayed by the leaders of Montag 's twisted Earth as a tool that helps people keep in touch with their government and the reality of the world in which they live . This realization by the government lead to a life in which people are encouraged to live ` within ' the television . Not literally within the television , but completely enamored by a world of entertainment , visual images , and trivial information symbolized by the television . I have a feeling this society is n't hooked to the Discovery Channel.Some go as far as to suggest that our world today is headed towards being like the world of Fahrenheit 451 . The explosion of television , fashion , cinema , video games , and the internet certainly suggest that our society is very much interested in entertainment , and probably at the expense of intuitive thought . However entertainment is not a crime , as we all enjoy being entertained . The publishing business is thriving , and so are newspapers , blogs , and other sources of text . It will be interesting to see how far our Earth will progress towards the world of Fahrenheit 451 .
 I was at the Foreign Language Bookstore on Yanan Road here in Hangzhou when I saw this classic on the shelf . Would you believe I 'd never read it ? We read some Bradbury in school about 25 or 30 years ago , and he did n't make much of an impression on me . I ca n't remember why . But knowing the fault could 've been mine , I gave him another shot . Books are cheap here , and hey , it 's famous , right?Well , folks , it 's famous for a damn good reason . Many , in fact . Fifty years old , and it is perhaps more relevant than ever . But so what ? Is it good writing ? Does it entertain ? Does it have real characters ? Is it more than just an oh-so-correct theme dressed up as a novel ? Oh , yes it is ! It 's absolutely fantastic and I just plain ca n't recommend it enough.If you love sci-fi , great . If not , it does n't matter . I can say `` transcends the genre '' with a straight face . Yes I can . I 'll be reading this one again , folks . I did n't write it and I 'm just sick with jealousy about it , okay ?
 Fahrenheit gives me a new appreciation of future based plots , it tells of a futuristic world where people have no love of art or creativity , and their lives consist mostly of TV viewing and speeding . Guy Montag , is a firefighter in this strange world , and instead of putting out fires , his job is to start them and to burn all books because they are not wanted because of how they make people think and consider things . This puts us in a place of a heartless society that is , in many ways , like our modern day society.The book is written in an eerie manner that makes you feel uncomfortable about the art deprived world that is being portrayed from the book , which is entirely a good thing . When Montag comes to realize that the world he lives in and the world he has been destroying could be a great place , he decides to stop his work and attempt to create a better world . He finds himself heading through a well detailed journey to create a world with free spirits rather than ignorant drones . The writing of the book is not cryptic however it still has a lost and ghostly feel to it , that really makes you think about our modern day society . For a book written in the 1950 's , the idea still applies to today and how our society is in ways heading towards the deprived society that is portrayed in Fahrenheit 451 . Bradbury creates a timeless point of how reading , art , and nature are the most important elements of someone 's life .
 I usually do n't like books that look into the future , but Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is an exception to this . I like how the author vividly describes the future . He makes you feel like you are there when the firefighters light the houses on fire . Firefighters of the future do n't put out fires but start fires.People of the future wanted to only be happy . They felt that books make you sad and were n't real . Books were made illegal and if you were caught with a book your house was burned and you were put in jail or burned with the house . I like the main character , Guy Montag . Montag is a firefighter with the numbers 451 on his helmet . He takes great pleasure in seeing the bright orange flames that engulf the books and the house were the books were found . The smell , the excitement is all that he needs to be happy . That is until the day he meets up with the `` crazy girl '' . The story gets more interesting when he listens to the girl who asks too many questions and she was curious about everything . She opened his eyes to other things around him and he is amused by her curiosity . He becomes more interested in books the day when the old lady gets burned in her house . Montag tries to get her out but all she does is chant about books she has read . She makes him realize that books must be important if she was willing to end her life for them . Then a book falls into his hands and a page opens and he reads a few lines . This is the beginning of his interest of books . He wants to learn more and read more but it would be suicide . He 's willing to take the chance.I recommend this book because it has a different perspective of the future . It is very interesting and exciting . Some parts are a little slow but once you get past those the rest is good . There is an unexpected twist at the end that adds to the book . Fahrenheit 451 makes you stop and think about the impact that books have on our lives .
 What makes an excellent story ? Many people have their own thoughts and opinions on this subject . But , what makes a book a bestseller ? How does Romeo and Juliet , Animal Farm , Lord of the Flies , and other legendary titles sell ? Some of the reasons might be that the titles makes the reader comprehend their thoughts . Another reason could be that the story might make the reader gain knowledge of a life lessons or it might just make the reader emotional towards the story . Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury does all three of those things . Fahrenheit 451 is a tremendous read because it makes the reader comprehend their thought about the consequences of their actions , gain knowledge about life lessons on how to be human , and makes the reader feel emotion through out the story.Bradbury does a superior job in his book Fahrenheit 451 on making the reader think through their thoughts about the actions they take through out life . He introduces a confused and semi-depressed main character into his book named Guy Montag . Guy works for fire department in future America not putting out fire , but making fire to burn books . Right away one sees that Guy is not satisfied with his life at all . He is very puzzled about where he should go in life . Guy sees the pain and agony he brings to people because of his job . One day when he burns a women who would rather be burned with her books then die without them , Guy begins to reflect on why does he do what he does . The reader also starts to think about ones actions towards life . The reader begin to see that Guy has made the wrong choice in becoming a firefighter for it brings to much pain towards others and himself . The viewing of Guy 's unhappiness forces the reader think about how ones own actions affect not only other people but one 's self too . Seeing how one 's actions affect one 's self and other people is not the only thing that Fahrenheit 451 shows , it also show simply how to be human.Reading through out the book the reader sees that Guy has tons of choices to make . Guy seeing that since people are prepared to die for their books there has to be something amazingly special about them . Guy starts to hide books for future reading . He has a choice to make . He can read the book and jeopardize his life or he can keep on living depressed , with out looking for answers on how to get better . He makes the choice to read the books so he might learn how to live . The reader can see that Guy made the choice to be human , to risk his life so that he might live life to the fullest . The reader picks up that in order to live life too , one will have to take risks also . Guy finds that poetry helps him become less angry and irritated when he reads it . Not everyone in his life thinks the same things . His wife and her friends think that literature is pointless and when he reads it to them , some go to complain . Through this the reader can see that making the right choice to live like one thinks a human should live does n't always agree with everyone . The reader starts to feel emotion for Guy . What should guy do about this situation ? The book does another victories job on making the reader feel for the book and the outcome.Bradbury hooks the reader into the story by forcing one to be emotionally attached to the story . Guy is a character that everyone feels for because somehow one can relate to him . One can relate to Guy by knowing how hard it is to make risky choices , being depressed about life , having a job , or even not knowing what to do about certain situations . Guy has gone through all of those situations and more . After Guy 's wife 's friends turns him in , he goes back to his job and burns the book he was reading . Right after that the firemen gets called to go out to burn books . Guy finds out that he has to burn his own house . Guy ca n't stand this fact and kills the firemen and escapes from the law . The reader starts to get even more emotionally attached to the book by the suspension of if Guy will get caught or not . The book does a stupendous job of keeping the reader in the story the whole time . This is the best reason for why the book is not just a ordinary book but fanatic tale of a man who chooses to live rather then to die.From getting emotionally evolved with the book , to learning how to be human , and even making the reader comprehend their actions , Fahrenheit 451 is an extraordinary book . The novel desires not only to be on being on the bestseller list of all time but deserves to be on every shelf of every house . For this book is not just a book but a masterpiece of art .
 I taught `` Fahrenheit 451 '' as the example of a dsytopian novel in my Science Fiction class , although it is certainly one of the most atypical of that particular type of narrative discourse . Compared to such heavyweight examples as George Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World , '' Yevgeny Zamiatin 's `` We , '' Ray Bradbury 's imaginative meditation on censorship seems like light reading . But the delicious irony of a world in which firemen start fires remains postent and the idea of people memorizing books so they will be preserved for future generations is compelling . Of course , there have been more documented cases of `` book burning , '' albeit in less literal forms , since `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was first published in 1953 , so an argument can be made that while all the public debate was over how close we were the Orwellian future envisioned in `` 1984 , '' it is Bradbury 's little parable that may well be more realistic -LRB- especially in terms of the effects of television -RRB- . The novel is based on a short story , `` The Fireman , '' that Bradbury published in `` Galaxy Science Fiction '' in 1951 and then expanded into `` Fahrenheit 451 '' two years later . However , those who have studied Bradbury 's writings caw trace key elements back to a 1948 story `` Pillar of Fire '' and the `` Usher II '' story from his 1950 work `` The Martian Chronicles . '' Beyond that , there is the historical record of the Nazis burning books in 1933 . The story is of a future world in which everyone understands that books are for burning , along with the houses in which they were hidden . Guy Montage is a fireman who has been happy in his work for ten years , but suddenly finds himself asking questions when he meets a teenage girl and an old professor . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is not only about censorship , but also about the inherent tension in advanced societies between knowledge and ignorance . Reading this novel again I am reminded about Pat Paulsen 's editorial on the old `` Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour '' -LRB- a series well acquainted with the perils of censorship -RRB- about how we might enjoy freedom of speech in this country but we do not enjoy freedom of hearing because `` there is always the danger of something being said . '' Censorship , in practical terms , is the effort of those who do not want others to hear what they find offensive , for whatever reasons , basically because it leads to people thinking thoughts they do not want them to be thinking . Through the rambling diatribes of Captain Beatty , Bradbury makes this point quite clear to his readers.Even though this is essentially a novella , Bradbury 's work retains the charm of a short story . The recurring use of animal imagery throughout the story , the use of the mythic ideas of the salamander and the phoenix , make `` Fahrenheit 451 '' more poetic than any other dystopian work . Even if it is predominantly a one note argument regarding censorship , it is impossible to deny that Bradbury makes a clear and convincing case for his position . Besides , there is something to be said for any work that insures that beyond the point at which water freezes the only other recognizable number on the Fahrenheit scale is the point at which book paper starts to burn .
 It 's true
 I have owned this book for a very long time and have read it more than once . In this day of computers and a near-paperless society , it would be tragic indeed if , for some reason , books were not only banned , but special `` fireman '' would come to collect and burn them , not to mention the prosecution and punishment of the book-loving individual . This work by Bradbury is among my other favorite sci-fi works , old and new
 Fahrenheit 451 was a good book . There were some good aspects but also a few bad . The first aspect of the novel is how futuristic it is . It was hard to follow in some places . One example is `` And the uncles , the aunts , the cousins , the nieces , the nephews , that lived in those walls , '' -LRB- pg . 44 -RRB- . This is talking about a tv family that Mildred watches but she talks about them like they are her real family.Also Bradbury discribes some things in a way that is difficult to understand . For example , when he describes the stomach pump used on Mildred , `` One of them slid down into your stomach like a black cobra down an echoing well looking for all the old water and the old time gathered there . It drank up the green matter that flowed to the top in a slow boil '' -LRB- pg . 14 -RRB- . This was hard to understand . I had to look at Sparknotes to figure out what he was talking about in some of the parts.Bradbury is very descriptive , which allows you to picture the novel while you read . `` With the brass nozzle in his fists , with this great python spitting its venomous kerosene upon the world , the blood pounded in his head and his hands were the hands of some amazing conductor playing all the symphonies of blazing and burning to bring down the tatters and charcoal ruins of history , '' -LRB- pg . 3 -RRB- . This really describes how he burns books in great detail . You can picture it in your mind what he is doing and how he is doing it . `` Her head was half bent to watch her shoes stir the circling leaves . Her face was slender and milk-white , and in it was a kind of gentle hunger that touched over everything with tireless curiosity . It was a look , almost , of pale surprise ; the dark eyes were so fixed to the world that no move escaped them . Her dress was white and it whispered , '' -LRB- pg . 5 -RRB- . This shows how he describes his characters in great detail . He uses character developement so that you get a feeling for all of the characters . He also does n't have so many characters that you get lost.The book as a whole is very good . The meaning behind it about the society could happen in the future . One day society could get as bad as it is in Fahrenheit 451 . They tried to make everyone happy but there was still war and death which make people sad . They were hiding people from the truth of the world by not letting them read books . I think this is a good book and I would recommend it ; just be aware of how futuristic it is .
 When I first began to read the book I was excited at the idea of a fireman 's job was to burn books , not read them . As I read more I realized that this is what is happening to today 's society but not to the same level of watching TV and not reading as much . People watch more TV than ever before and read less . You can ask anyone about any TV show and they probably have seen it . Reading books has become a inferior form of entertainment since the invention of TV and radios and other forms of entertainment.Montag , the main character in Fahrenheit 451 , is a fireman who does n't any longer put out fires , but starts the fires . The job of the fireman is to burn all books because they are illegal and not wanted in society . People have turned to wall TV 's or parlor walls and seashell radios that fit in your ear for entertainment and pleasure and enjoyment so they do n't have to have feelings and choose between right and wrong . People no longer care about their government or even their on children . Montag thinks that everyone is happy with their chosen society but he meets a girl named Clarisse who is a teenager that moved in next door to him . She talks to Montag about what firemen used to do and Montag could n't believe what she was telling him . She asked him questions that made him think which he did n't like . She confused him but he listened to what she had to say and walked home from work with her everyday.A few things that changed Montag 's views of their so called happy society was when he found his wife lying on her bed having overdosed on her sleeping pills which could have killed her . These men came in to help her by cleaning out her stomach and purifying her blood stream and then they were on their way . Montag realized that this was an everyday event for these men and many people have tried this suicide attempt . Montag understands that the people may enjoy their entertainment but they are still unhappy . He and his wife were even unhappy and he was going to change this . A second reason was when they were called on duty to burn some old ladies books . The police usually would come and arrest the person committing the crimes but they had not come yet and the old lady would n't let them burn her books . The firemen covered the illegal books in kerosene and the lady actually lit the match that burnt her and her house down because she did n't want to live without her books . Montag did n't understand why someone would die for their books . What was so good about them ? He got fired from his job for having books and ran away to try to change society . He met up with other men who used to be professors at a college and they decided to leave their city and try to start again somewhere else . As they left a bomb was dropped on their city and they saw the remains of the city and turned around to go and start their new society.I really liked this book because I can relate to it . People in our society are reading less and enjoy the entertainment of television and radios just having fun in life . I do n't think it will ever get as extreme as written in the novel but is closely related to it . I really enjoyed the book and would recommend it to anyone .
 A book to sit side by side with ' 1984 ' and ` Brave New World , ' Bradbury 's classic on censorship is less bleak in execution than 1984 and more focused than ` Brave New World , ' resulting in a thoroughly readable tome that remains as relevant today as it was years ago . Not as good as ' 1984 , ' nor as overrated as ` Brave New World , ' F451 is a pleasing mix of warning , cynicism , and pure future paranoia . Very nice.As always with Bradbury , expect a steady pacing to his prose with an almost melodic rhythm . Bradbury reads well , especially aloud , and rewards readers who allow themselves to sink into the pace of the book.You 'll note , 9 out of 10 bad reviews of this book on Amazon come from disgruntled high school students who found Bradbury 's phrasings too unwieldy or the story to be too `` slow . '' -LRB- i.e. , not action-packed enough -RRB- . Not unexpected , and rather ironic , when looked at from a certain point of view , as these narrow-minded children would live quite well in Bradbury 's fictional future . Bradbury 's warnings ring true.Bradbury readers should pick this up without pause . Those who enjoy bleak stories of potential futures , too , should explore this important work .
 A standard in the dystopian utopia that Brave New World and 1984 also capture , this is the third in a triad of phenomenal dystopian books written that everyone should read . While banned in some jurisdictions , the idea of book burning and reading being illegal is still a serious issue . We ban books in our library systems , and in our schools . While we do not burn books on a regular basis , the vision timeliness of this book still has not faded since it first came out in print.The book centers on a `` fireman '' Guy Montage and how he has to adjust his beliefs in line with the people around him that he meets , especially the Professor and the teen-age girl that provide an interesting counterpoint to the vacant wife that he lives with . Books are dangerous , and in the society here , even more so as books are burned , and the newspaper is reduced to a comic strip without words . As he looks around the environment that he lives in and compares his needs to the way that the world is going , supervisors , wife , and friends all notice that he is pulling back from long held beliefs . This is the problem , and the reason that the book works so well . While the society is not constantly monitored like in other books , friends and family eventually have a major impact on where Guy goes , and what Guy does throughout the course of this book . It is almost like he has no control or purpose outside of what others think , say , watch , or do.This is probably the best Bradbury book written , and should be on everyone 's bookshelf . Five of Five stars , the more copies in the house the better .
 True FictionThough this book -LSB- Faremhieght 451 -RSB- is a piece science fiction , it relates in its own little ways to the way the world is today . I , for one , can see this world of ours turning into a world with the same basis and same ideals that make up this book Farenhieght 451 ; a world which trys to keep everyone happy and careless about everything to the point of making people seemingly mindless , and in the process of doing so they destroy everything that brings people feeling and a individual way of thinking . Farenhieght 451 is a must read for anyone who likes a good philosophical novel .
 I am a few years out of college and most people are shocked to find out that I have never read `` Fahrenheit 451 . '' Given how much of an avid reader I am , it is rather shocking that I had never read this . I was never assigned this in High School , though in retrospect I would have rather read this than the books I read in High School , such as John Steinbeck novels , my arch nemesis . I was also shocked to see that as I 'm writing this 79 people gave this book a rating of one star . Clearly these people do not know what is out there ; this book is not that bad . Granted I have some misgivings about the book , but it brings up some excellent concepts and I ca n't help but feel these people lack the education level to go beyond what the book is about . Maybe I am simply thinking on this level because I am older and can no longer truly identify with the High School mentality , but I do n't think I ever did . There is this factor and the fact that their reviews were quite poorly written for the most part , so they clearly lacked literary prowess and their reviews do not hold much weight.Either way you look at it this book is now considered quite the classic . It is usually lumped together with Orwell 's `` 1984 '' and I do agree with others that `` 1984 '' was the better story . Orwell created a much more vibrant and tangible world , Bradbury on the other hand did not succeed nearly as well . I ca n't help but think that Bradbury likely had read `` 1984 '' and thought of a slightly different worldview and thus did not feel the need to flesh his ideas out nearly as much . Whatever was the motivation for this , it was not a great move . This book starts off fairly slowly and ends on a rather sour note making the reader want to know what happened after.Essentially the reader is thrust into a futuristic world where it is illegal to read or own books . Thus most of the population is borderline mentally challenged and gets most of its information through news blips on their television screens or these radio earbud things . -LRB- Strangely we have earbud headphones now that are quite popular . -RRB- During this technological advancement they also made houses fireproof and thus no longer needed firemen , but they eventually developed a new job for them ... burning books . Guy Montag , a fireman , is our protagonist throughout the story and after meeting a young girl that sends his mind reeling he ends up unconsciously working against this perverted society . He starts to slowly figure out that his wife is essentially a zombie to this society and she does n't have any substance to her person . The book focuses more on his emotional responses to learning all of these things , and thus in heightened emotional states he does n't make very great decisions . Although , his Fire Chief , Beatty , is the main antagonist and pursues Montag after he figures out what is really going on with his employee . Beatty was probably one of my favorite characters because he was so eloquently spoken . Unfortunately Montag was no real match for such a man 's intellect and there was never a real battle of wits between them . Eventually Montag 's disgust for society grows to paramount levels and he naturally becomes the outlaw of the land . Naturally , I could n't help but see the parallel to 1984 's characters . A great fugitive chase takes place and his chased by a robot dog , which is pretty much the only major weak part of this futuristic world , mostly due to the fact it 's a goofy idea . Anyway , Montag covers his scent , though I ca n't help but think this is unrealistic even for this novel knowing what I do about genetics , pheromones and computer systems . Technically a robot dog primarily used for its olfactory sense should be able to detect him no matter what , because on a molecular level you still emit your scent.I do n't want to give too much away , but suffice to say the book eventually abruptly ends . I felt like it was rather lacking at this point because I wanted to know what happened afterwards . I ca n't really give away the ending of the book because there really was n't an ending . Of which , I left a ton of stuff out here and never even explained what actually happened in full , so do n't feel cheated out of the adventure of the book . Once you get into this book the middle section is great and moves along quite briskly , but it trails off eventually.The book is important from a literary perspective because it really shows some of the major dangers in censorship . It even outlines things that are done now . How about the part of this book that points out that it all started off catering to the minorities ... how often is that done today . We need to accommodate the small groups so that everyone is happy , it does n't matter if it 's wrong ? This is happening more and more in the world today , like if a child has problems learning then it 's not the parents fault , it 's the schools fault , or it 's some obscure genetic related fault , thus it is no the child 's responsibility to learn anything anymore . How about making books abridged today to bolster a High Schoolers interest in getting to read a classic ? Snip off a few words here , a few words there . Obviously they would n't find these books interesting so we have to dumb them down to their intellectual level . Naturally this will help progress society?That 's how it all starts , and then people start to wonder why they need the full text at all , why not a paragraph summary ? Why not a single sentence ? Bradbury spells it out plainly for us in this book that that is exactly what happened in his imagined future . How long before simplicity replaces completeness in our society ? Now we learn today that blurbs mean everything and people get a major amount of information from quick blurbs to feed our fast paced society , so they just write clever headlines and people think they have the news . It 's progressively happening more and more . People do n't want to take the time to read , so they get Cliff Notes . They do n't desire to comprehend on their own half the time , so they watch a movie about it where there is less internal struggle to see from the characters . People who think that the problems this novel portrays are n't happening today are n't living in the same world the rest of the intellectual community is living . Those people are living in Orwell 's world , in Bradbury 's world . And pretty soon they will be the ones making decisions for everyone else in this world when they are the ones who eventually come into power because they are the best at writing clever headlines for two bit readers .
 Farenheit 451 deals with the anti-intellectual society that is America . How everyone distracts themselved with materialistic values and does n't take ahold of education as well as they should . This book was released ahead of it 's time and is beautifully written . The way Bradbury describes each situation helps to place you right there with Montsg -LRB- the main character -RRB- . It 's a must have for any personal library .
 Everything that needs to be said , already has been in other reviews . All I will say is this book is one of the best I have read in a while . The scary thing is , it is n't to far from the truth as well.People who do n't like reading SHOULD read this book . It will make you think , and it only takes a few hours to read . So why not read it ?
 Fahrenheit 451 is a futuristic fantasy set in an America in which reading is forbidden , firemen burn books and everyone rushes without taking time to `` stop and smell the flowers . '' I believe that the people who compare this work to McCarthyism and Nazism are missing the point . It depicts a world in which reading has fallen out of favor , people watch television constantly , engage in shallow conversations and are in incessant rushes to get somewhere . Funerals are banned because they bring sadness and people have forgotten to appreciate nature , contemplate beauty and love one another.The principal action of this book occurs when a seventeen year old neighbor introduces the protagonist , Montag , to the world of nature . The book progresses as Montag gradually changes into a person more to our ideal.Although set in the future , this book contains much that is familiar . Portions remind the reader of Lost Horizon . More moving than that are factors which we see in our own world . Have we arrived in a world in which television has decreased reading and shortened attention spans ? Is our literature and discourse made blander because minorities and special interest groups demand protection from anything which may hurt their feelings ? Do we try to equalize the weak by weakening the strong ? I am afraid that we see much of this future world in our own . Fahrenheit 451 provides , not only a pleasant read , but also a wake up call for all who are concerned about our culture .
 This is one of those books that leaves you thinking after reading it , one of those that would have been destroyed in Bradbury 's story . A tale of a future where books are burnt so that people do n't have to think . They 're only allowed to watch TV , especially sports and soaps . Does it sound you familiar ?
 Simply a classic piece of literature , there is no possible way you can read this book and not take something valuable from it .
 So everyone else seems to praise Bradbury 's cultural observations and what-if scenario that man is eventually destined for , which I appreciate , a lot , but you can read about in other reviews.When it comes down to it the writing of the book is n't entirely great . Bradbury intentionally made the characters childlike and naive , and the writing had the same feel . I want to think this was on purpose , but it was probably more because it was easy.Why is it in great novels where the world has become a giant conspiracy that there is always only one or two random , seemingly normal people that figure it out . `` 1984 '' and `` Brave New World '' also do this and it drives me nuts . There 's no real reason why it all of a sudden dawned on the character that the world that has been presented to them is flawed . Why is it only one person ever realizes it , and for no real apparent reason . They just wake up and say `` wait a minute ... '' . I also wish these books went 1 . more into the reasons why the society got to the way it is and 2 . more into how the character reconciles the truth of the situation and carries on for a better world . The plot is too simple of a line . Society is dumb , man realizes society is dumb , man calls it out , society tries to shut man up , society does something dumb to itself , man says `` ha , i told you so '' . As far as a thought proviking warning to our culture and framing a plausible future to teach our kids with , this books succeeds . As far as being a well written literary masterpiece this book is overly simplified . But then again , that could be what truly sets it apart . : -RRB-
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 was a very good book about Guy Montag who is a fireman . In his world fireman start fires instead of putting them out because the government had banned books so the population does n't over come the Executive branch.Montag meets Clarisse who changes his life , he see 's interesting books can be.My favorite part in the book was when Montag started to run from the police . He had got very mad at the firemen and went crazy . He burned the fire chief with his flame thrower then ran to try to get out of town . The whole city was looking for him and the government even had a mechanical hound that `` never failed '' when it came to chasing and finding someone . Well I guess the hound could fail because Montag jumped into a river as he goes out of the town . He wound up on a railroad track with a bunch of other tramps . They would read books and remember them . They were the only library in this world.I recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a very exciting book that draws you in and you 'll never want to put down . Fahrenheit 451 kept me reading it till I finished . It has a lot of action and has a really creative story line . It is scary how realistic it is . I wish Ray Bradbury had made a sequel to this book to see what happens to Montage once he followed the train tracks . If you like books that keep you on the edge of your seat and that mesmerize you then you should read `` Fahrenheit 451 '' by Ray Bradbury .
 This book is not only about censorship and government control but is also about mankind 's denial to confront the very things that make us human . Control is a good thing in society however to much control can make you paranoid and a threat not only to yourself but to society . This book is very relevant to even today 's time when we seek to censor not only books but anyhting we deem harmful . This book is even being censored as I write . Such cnesorship has its basis within a lack of understanding and puts our society on the path of retrogression.This is book is probably best for those who are just beginning to tapp into their conscious mind and examine the world around them . I recommend this book for a mature , discerning mind
 I believe that the book Fahrenheit 451 was very well written and very interesting . Mr. Bradbury made the book have a lot of good vocabulary for a 12 year old to learn . This book is one of the better books that I have had to read in school . Prior to reading this book I never really liked science fiction books . This book has changed that dramatically . It also taught me fun facts like -LRB- before reading this i did n't know -RRB- paper burns at 451 degrees . WOW if a book can just do that , i do n't even know why people would ban them in the future . LOL : -RRB-
 Fahrenheit 451 is a story about a sick and twisted future in which books are forbidden by a Totalitarian Regime . The concept of this story originates from the time of WWII in which Hitler 's Regime was burning libraries across Europe in an attempt to prevent the distribution of knowledge and other negative ideas that could affect his rise to power . This book is an exciting tale about a world in which firemen no longer extinguish fires , but instead start them . The firemen in this world burn all the books and the houses in which they are contained.We feel that this store , despite its dark tone , is a well-written modern day classic that makes the reader better respect books and not take them for granted . I highly recommend this book to anyone that wishes to read a thought-provoking story that provides insight into our future . An interesting aspect of this novel is how well it connects with our world today . Our society is becoming more and more reliant on technology and is becoming less interested in education , which sadly enough , is the same story in Fahrenheit 451 . Could this be a reality for our world in the near future ?
 The world of tomorrow , where no one knows what could happen next . Everyone has their opinion , and Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a great example of a realistic future . This book is a cautionary story . The message is that we should consider the dangers of electronics , if we do n't , people will start to forget the value of books , reading , and learning . I really enjoyed this book and reading what the author thinks the future holds.Fahrenheit 451 is based in the 24th century where electronics and television are valued more than school , learning , and books . Reading is considered a crime . Firemen are now used to destroy books . Guy Montag is one of those firemen . After meeting a neighbor , Clarisse McClellan , he is left wondering about his world and what it has come to . Upon Clarisse 's death , Montag considers books and what is going on . He starts stealing and reading books . Montag says in part 1 , `` There must be something in books , things we ca n't imagine , to make a woman stay in a burning house ; there must be something there . You do n't stay for nothing . '' Turned in by his wife , Mildred , Montag finds himself having to destroy his house and getting arrested . He manages to escape by murdering his chief . While hiding from the police , Montag meets a group of men hiding for the same reason . In the end , Montag leaves his city as it is being bombed and a war has begun.Fahrenheit 451 teaches us that we need to realize the value of books , reading , and thinking . Also , it 's showing us the dangers of electronics . Every day some new technology comes along and people tend to rely on it way too much . This book is trying to tell us that we should realize and understand how addicting electronics can be , and that we need to always value books , reading , and learning.Fahrenheit 451 is very good and I really enjoyed reading it . It was very suspenseful and you always wanted to keep reading to find out what happens next . It is n't a very hard book to read , and it also is n't very long . It only has a couple flaws . It felt very rushed in the beginning , and it did n't give a good description of the characters . However , people should read this book because not only is it a very interesting story , but it also cautions us about the future . I give it 4 stars out of 5 . If you enjoy this story , some other books like it are
 Ray Bradbury wrote the novel Fahrenheit 451 in the spring of 1950 , while living with his family in California . At the time that Bradbury was writing the novel , the surrounding society began to read condensed versions of books , not wanting to bother with thinking too much about the actual full-lengthed book . This little bit of information found its way into Fahrenheit 451 and is part of one of its larger themes that deal with ignorance and censorship.In Fahrenheit 451 , Bradbury builds a futuristic environment in which books are degraded by burning , a method which enables society to achieve equality . The title is significantly chosen because it represents the temperature at which books ignite . The majority of the members of this revolutionary society do not want books destroying their equality ; they hate to feel inferior to others who have read more books and have obtained more knowledge.One of the key elements that Bradbury stresses in this novel is `` knowledge versus ignorance . '' In a society with no books , there is a better chance of equality among the people . If all the books are banned and then thrown into an incinerator , the envy and jealously of knowledge stops , which in turn makes society content . Because of this lack of knowledge and experience with books , the general public becomes consumed with technological advances , such as `` Seashells '' which are described as electronic devices , situated in the ear , that speak directly to the user . Books are burned in answer to differing opinions . If no one reads books , then no one can be offended by what the books have printed in them . It is all a systematically planned structure to endorse `` sameness '' among the members of society.Montag enjoys burning books until he meets his neighbor , Clarisse McClellan , who gives Montag a shove towards a new way of believing . She does not fall victim to the censored society norms and views the world from a different perspective , playing a key role in enhancing the plot . She is described as having `` odd habits '' which often times included nature , spending time by herself , and asking questions ; all activities which were frowned upon by other members of the community . Clarisse tragically gets hit by a high-speed car and dies , only encouraging the idea that Montag 's life needed rearranging . After all , Clarisse was the first one to ask if Montag was really happy in life and only after her tragic death does he realize how unhappy he has become.Truth is what one has faith in . Montag begins to have faith in books and the knowledge that he gains from them , and so he commences to find his inner truth . Bradbury devotes a small section of the novel to the discussion of truths in the chapter entitled `` The Sieve and The Sand . '' While Montag is struggling over what the books offer to him and what he reads , he has a flashback to a time when he was on the beach attempting to fill a sieve with sand to win a dime . With this task came frustration because no matter how hard he tried , he could not fill the sieve up with the sand . A similar situation arises with Montag in his present state ; he knows that something good will come out of the books , but he just has a hard time `` filling up the sieve , '' or figuring out what that something is . In a theological sense , the sand can come to symbolize the concrete truth that Montag desperately tries to find , while the sieve represents the intellect seeking a truth that is much greater , indefinable , and impossible to seize.Throughout the novel , Montag increasingly becomes estranged from his wife , his co-workers , and society as a whole . As he becomes more interested in books , he loses the common beliefs that tie him to the society in which he lives . No longer is he victim to the violent overthrow of nature , knowledge , and books . Montag is able to fight against his doubts and separate himself against the others in hopes of a better tomorrow.Montag stumbles upon a group of men sitting around a campfire , a fire which is comforting and inviting ; a stark contrast to the fire that Montag is used to . Granger , the leader of the group , quickly welcomes Montag and describes the group as the `` Book People . '' The group is part of a nation-wide network of people devoted to saving books . Each member memorizes a book and waits until the opportune time to tell the retained knowledge . Montag is given a title to remember and recite and thus is initiated into the book society . The novel ends with Montag 's spiritual revitalization - own intellectual journey - and the complete destruction of the city due to the war that very few citizens were aware of . Bradbury leaves Montag and the `` Book People '' to revive the city and with hopes of a new society where books will flourish.The `` Book People '' are alienated from society in that their ideas and theories are different from the accepted beliefs of the city dwellers . Instead of burning books , the `` Book People '' acknowledge a book 's worth and capture the words of wisdom in their memories . The members of this elite group live outside the city , on the outskirts of the woods or wherever the path of knowledge leads them , thus separating them from civilization.The futuristic environment created by Bradbury may have been influenced by society at the time , however , society may actually be slowly slipping towards this censored environment . Just like in the novel , modern governments now censor news and media to influence the opinion of its people . Internet sites like Facebook , YouTube , and Twitter are just a few examples . By promoting censorship and `` sameness '' you limit societies progression that is gained the knowledge included in reading . If this trend continues we may all change our names to Guy Montag and hope for the phoenix to rise from the ashes of our destructed society .
 im in highschool right now and had to read this book for summer homework . normally i find reading books for class to be strenuous , but i really enjoyed this book . being the first time i read a piece of bradbury 's work , i definently came away impressed with his unique writing style . it makes you re-think how we use technology in our daily lives and offers a future that is frightening to consider . a really good story to top it off , this book is well worth a read .
 Fahrenheit 451 was the first book I had to read for school that I actually liked , and was therefore to a large extent responsible for keeping my love of reading alive into adulthood . That was nearly two decades ago , and rereading it now has been an equally delightful experience . It is a truly great novel , and this is even easier to appreciate after having read the earlier versions `` The Fireman '' and `` Long After Midnight '' , which by comparison and contrast serve to highlight the structure , the richness of descriptive detail , the astonishing variations in metaphors about heat and fire -LRB- and their opposites -RRB- throughout , and more . Even apparently trivial lines of dialogue are laden with layers of meaning , as when Montag 's wife tells him , `` You do n't look so hot yourself . `` It is also fairly philosophically sophisticated . While the novel is about a fireman who burns books , and Bradbury is clearly enamored of books , they are just a symbol
 When Ray Bradbury died on June 5 , 2012 , his classic novel `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was sitting on my bedstand . I had picked up the 50th anniversary edition while romancing a quaint , quality bookstore -LRB- yes , some still exist -RRB- in Montpelier , Vermont . -LRB- Sorry , Amazon , it was just a fling , but oh what an affair . -RRB- It was a book that I had somehow neglected to read up to this point in my life and thought it high time that I did so.Published in 1953 , the story takes place in an American city several decades in the future -LRB- which would be , I guess , about now -RRB- . Bradbury depicts a society in which the state picks up where the public left off
 The book I read this quarter is called Fahrenheit 451 . The author of the book is Ray Bradbury . The book takes place in the future . Some of the environments include
 hot hot hot ! hot hot ! hot hot!It 's on fire !! It is smoking ! Whooo !
 I read this book for a school project . I go to a school in Maine and I am in eighth grade . I read this book for an honors English class . I am not a really big fan of reading because I find it to be extremely boring and useless . In fact the only reason I am writing this review is because I am being forced to . This book was one of the better books that I have been forced to read over my school career . There have been some pretty horribly boring books than I have been forced to read but this one is n't that bad . In fact it is a somewhat exciting book . I would recommend this book to a student that is being made to read a book that is like this or if this book is on one of there book lists . This book was somewhat good . I am not really sure what I think about it . The book was very confusing and I found it hard to read . Now that I think about it this book was not very good . I can see why they wanted to burn books in this book because I was n't a very big fan of this book . It was very confusing and hard to believe and a little to old . I recommend this book for people that are old enough to understand it . In my opinion this book was an OK book but for certain people .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 was a great book that I really enjoyed . This book takes place sometime in the future . It is a story is about a fireman , he is not a fireman that you and I think about ; instead of putting fires out he starts them . He is a book burner . Because in the society that he lives in books are outlawed and are to be burnt . There were four main characters in this story . The most important was Guy Montag . He was a tall black haired man that questions society and himself . He is a fireman that burns books for a living . He makes a lot of changes throughout the book . By the end of the book he is a wanted man . The next character was Clarisse McClellan she is a young girl that is not like everyone else . She is a free thinker . She helped Montag get started on his journey . Montag 's boss is very important in the book . His name is Captain Beatty . He seems grumpy and he enjoys burning books . Towards the end of the book he is murdered . Professor Faber is an old professor that helps Motag learn about society and how it used to be . He is weak and can not act out what he wants to , so he and Montag act as a team . Mildred Montag is Montag 's wife . She is the perfect example of the rest of society . She believes that books are horrible and have nothing to offer . All she cares about is her family that was on T.V. and not much of anything else , just like the society she lived in.Guy Montag questions his job and what he wants to do with his life.One of the best parts of the book is the cat and mouse game that Fire Captain Beatty plays with Montag . Beatty is seen as a man who once had been infected with the bug of individualism , but had since ` cured ' himself and now is determined to cure Montag . Beatty explains how his society came to be and Montag learns that somewhere along the line , the process went horribly wrong.I think that this book is a very good book , it kept me interested the whole time that I read it.It only took me about 3 days to read it and that was between work and school . For those of you kids that have to read a book for a book report this would be my choice .
 To an avid reader this book is a nightmare . This is a world where firemen come to burn books because they are illegal . Guy Montag , a fireman , starts to question everything when one girl asks him a simple question . - `` Are you happy ? '' Thought provoking and beautifully written , Fahrenheit 451 is a classic for a reason . Showcasing the disadvantages to censorship , it makes me glad to live in a world where we can read and enjoy what we choose .
 I read this book in one sitting . It 's fast paced , captivating and highly applicable to today 's MTV generation . I 'm going to seek out other works by Mr. Bradbury !
 This book was incredible . I really liked how the main character had ethics change as the story went on and how he turned around and made sure that he not only stopped burning books himself , but that he brought justice to those who wanted this done . I also liked the idea the author painted of the value of books . His characters actually ran away to a far place , where they could each memorize a book and retain that knowledge . The scary thing about this book is that hiding of knowledge is actually being done right now . Maybe not by burning books , but by degrading them and making the population so dumb by drugging the , we no longer retain knowledge as a culture . It 's a little different than now , but it 's exposing what happens when people are not allowed to learn and know things . Very interesting story and I 'm glad this is recommended reading in schools .
 I 'd been meaning to read this book for some time , so I decided to purchase it recently and found it to be so gripping that I did not put it down except to sleep.For a novel written in 1951 , the truth behind it remains timeless . It takes little stretch of the imagination to relate society to this dystopian future , filled with constant bombardment by media and shocking absence of books .
 Farenheit 451 supuso un antes y un despu&eacute;s en mis gustos literarios . A partir de su lectura , dej&eacute; de lado las lecturas de adolescente y me sumerg&iacute; de lleno en la madurez literaria . Me resulta imposible olvidar muchas im&aacute;genes de la novela , como la de la anciana ardiendo entre sus propios libros o la de los hombres-libro , al final de la novela , aprendiendo de memoria un libro cada uno para que no se pierda jam&aacute;s la literatura.Farenheit 451 es una met&aacute;fora de la intolerancia aplicada a la cultura , a la raserizaci&oacute;n y eliminaci&oacute;n de la conciencia humana . Teniendo similitudes con 1984 , para mi gusto la supera por la simpleza de su planteamiento
 Beautifully written , Fahrenheit 451 is set in an era where firemen create fires to burn forbidden books ; books are after all evil . Guy Montag questions everything he has known , challenges the status quo and the result is an excellent story that portrays the affect that censorship and brainwashing can have on society .
 I am reading this book in 7th grade advanced language arts . Most students do n't like it and think that it 's confusing , but i love it .
 Fahrenheit 451 , is a fine novel . It belongs to the kind of sci-fi , which is really imbued with meaning and consequence . Thus I would group it with other great , litterary accepted , sci-fi novels , like `` Nineteen Eighty-Four '' or `` Brave New World '' . I was quite surprised about the abrupt ending of the novel . I think it 's too short . It 's kind of like a novella . While reading I was thinking whether there is an allusion to the tremendous fear or reds and the communists during the 50 's in the U.S. ?
 Written in 1953 and set in the Future , Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 tells the story of fireman Guy Montag . As a fireman , Montag has the job of burning books . However , Montag starts to question what he is doing after he befriends Clarisse McClellan who is not afraid of firemen . Montag is also influenced by Professor Faber who believes that books are important for three reasons
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the most famous works of science fiction , and with `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' represents one of the most memorable and haunting dystopias . In a future world , books are banned and firemen actually set fires instead of extinguishing them . The state exercises a form of social control through controlling what sort of information people have access to . It turns out that not all books are banned , only those that we would today consider `` great works '' - Plato , Shakespeare , The Bible , Darwin , etc. . For me one of the biggest surprises about Fahrenheit 451 was the rationale that was offered for the burning of those books . In a nutshell , they offended politically correct sensibilities and the authorities felt that they would undermine the social cohesion . This expunging of the classics from the culture has an uncanny resonance with the attempts over past few decades to expunge them from the undergraduate liberal arts curriculum . And rationale is also similar
 I read most of Bradbury 's books when I was a teenager , I read some of them again in my twenties , but it was `` Fahrenheit 451 '' that I had to review in the literature section of my Ph. D. work on loneliness . Censorship certainly is the main theme , but another aspect of the book really touched my and might increasingly become critical for the 90s
 Twenty years ago I had to read Fahrenheit 451 as part of my required reading in the ninth grade . At the time reading was n't my `` thing '' . But for some reason , the book never left me , even though I could never remember why . Nothing about the book stayed with me , just the title.Now twenty years later , I have reread Fahrenheit 451 and know , without a doubt , why the book stayed with me.Imagine a world where books are burned . A world where firemen no longer come to the rescue to put out fires but come to burn your house down if you are caught with books . They no longer wield water hoses , but flamethrowers . That is the world that Guy Montag lives in . He is a fireman , and for years he 's rejoiced in the destruction that his flamethrower produces , burning the hated nonsensical books of the past . And you know what the ironic thing about that is , books are illegal , yet not because of our government , oh no , because the citizens of our country made it so ! It was the peoples choice to turn their backs on books . Life is not happy when you can think and criticize , form opinions , argue points . It complicates things . So what do they do ? They dispense with anything that will allow for that type of communication.But then one night after work as Montag is walking home he encounters a young girl , Clarisse . She is a strange one . But why is she strange ? She is strange because she actually talks and listens and looks and observes the things around her . And Montag is fascinated by that quality . He begins to question his job , his life . And then to further tempt his questioning curiosity about books and the reason they are so hated , a job comes in . Another burning is to be done . But this time the lady whose house is the next victim of the torch , sets herslef on fire along with her books . She can not bare to be witness to the destruction and still live . But before the bonfire begins , Montag secretly snatches one of her books . Disturbed and unstable , Montag goes home and we learn that that is not the first book that Montag has lifted from a burn site . He has collected many books over the last year , secretly wanting to learn what the big deal is about reading and books . His life is not happy like it is supposed to be . Everyone is supposed to be happy without books . Without needing to think , to question , to wonder . He wonders what life was like before life became `` simple '' . But in reality , the simplicity of life is not the outcome from life without books . With murders and suicides and violence and life at high speed , life is very much complicated . People have only brainwashed themselves into thinking that life is simple and happy , because they no longer think for themselves.I read this book just in time for banned book week . I find it very interesting the reasons people choose to ban this book or that book . Religious content , political views , profanity , nudity , sexually explicit , homosexuality . And you know what I gather from those reasons , the people making the fuss are simply insecure individuals . Each one of those reasons are part of our everyday life . If you are secure in who you are , then you would not feel threatened by its content . But you know , this whole thing with banning books due to content actually promotes the non-thinking , non-opinionated aspects of the society in Fahenheit 451 from happening . When a book is banned or is labeled controversial , it makes people wonder . It piques curiosity to learn what is within those pages that someone finds offensive . Take The DaVinci Code for instance . 80 million copies sold in 6 years ! 80 million ! That is a staggering number , especially in the short amount of time it 's been in print . Now if you took away the controversy , and no one made a fuss , how many copies do you think would have sold ? I doubt that many ! So I say fuss over books , it brings them to light to some one who may not have known about it otherwise . It promotes critical thinking , opinions , and who are we without our opinions and thoughts ? I do n't agree with banning books , just because the content is written down does n't mean it 's going to become part of society , because you know what , it already is ! So who cares if it 's written . People do do drugs . People do have sex . People do say bad words . People are homosexual . And yes , people do have different religious beliefs . Just because you ban a book , does n't make those things go away . We are individuals . We are who we are . And no one should be able to take that away by saying we can not write this or that .
 Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is one of his finest works . It was first published in October of 1953 , and then serialized in the March - May issues of Playboy magazine . The novel originally began as a short story `` Bright Phoenix '' , though that was not published until 1963 , and from there it was lengthened into the novelette `` The Fireman '' which was published in February of 1951 in `` Galaxy Magazine '' . It is a novel of a dystopian society , and stands along with George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' and Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' as the best early examples of that type of work.Though it is easy to find similarities between `` Fahrenheit 451 '' and the other two books , there are some key differences between them . In the earlier two works , the State appears to be the controlling force . We see this in the education centers in `` Brave New World '' and every aspect of the society in `` 1984 '' , but in this work the society seems to have evolved from this through a change in social norms . People are judged by the number of wall sized televisions they have ; books and intellectuals are spurned and eventually considered harmful to society . One should be happy , so news of the war is all in the background , and even the attempted suicide , or someone 's death are mentioned in only in passing quickly and then the focus is back on happier subjects . People spend more time being entertained by a program called `` My Family '' then they spend interacting with their actual family , and for some children are a nuisance , so they are either not had , or if one has them they are sent off and only seen for short periods.One of the most effective parts of this short novel is the way he incorporates the feel of the society into his writing style . One of the key descriptions of the life which the hero , Fireman Guy Montag , is living is noise . He ca n't think , because of the noise of the televisions his wife has on , and it is apparent that he did n't even notice this until he met Clarisse McClellan , a free-spirited teenager who has moved in next door with her parents and her uncle . His conversations with her are different , they require thought , and there is time for him to think because they happen outside of the noise of life . This noise continues and gets worse when Clarisse disappears from his life , but she has helped bring forward his natural curiosity . The noise continues , and as Guy deals with his wife , her friends , his boss , the mechanical hound , the other firemen , the signs of war , an old professor acquaintance , etc. . This noise is felt by the reader two , as Bradbury throws this mix together , though leaves it clear enough that the reader picks up on what is really going on.This noise is there through the first two sections of the book , and into the third section where at last Guy is pushed over the edge and commits the most desperate of acts , and by doing so he frees his mind . From then on , Guy is able to focus on the situation at hand , his being hunted , his escape , and his desire to save the thoughts and words of the books he has been destroying for so many years . He is able to discuss and think about the war and about Clarisse , his wife Mildred , and his actions ; even though those are mostly sad and disturbing thoughts . The reader also feels the noise pressure is lifted , though he is certainly in danger.This is a tremendous book , though very short as far as novels go . It is not simply a rewrite of `` Brave New World '' or `` 1984 '' . Those works were produced first , and those authors are often given more literary merit while Bradbury is too often thought of as a writer of speculative fiction . Those works teach us to be wary of the government becoming too powerful , while this work teaches us to be wary of our own laziness and the anti-intellectual movement of our society through entertainment such as television . This work also teaches us to be tolerant of those who are not like everyone else . This work was selected to receive the Retro Hugo in 2004 for novels written in the year 1953 .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 , '' a book in which the future is a scary place . In the beginning , however , it does n't seem that way . Guy Montag is a fireman . His job is to create fires , not stop them . He burns books . Books , in this day and age , are illegal . Why ? Because books promote thinking , and thinking creates ideas , and the leaders of the world do n't want people thinking anymore.Montag steals one book , and then another , and another . He becomes fascinated with them so much , that he kills his superior officer when he finds out Montag has books.This book , although calm through most of the story , is a frightening look into the future . People do n't think , so therefore , when someone gets killed , no one cares . There is a huge war going on , but no one knows why , and still no one cares.Bradbury really took the name of science fiction and put it to work , creating a book that was so unique it stretches your imagination beyond all belief .
 When I was in high School many moons ago , there were three books about the future that were required reading . Brave New World , 1984 , and Fahrenheit 451 . All three novels were dark looks at the future of a society that had lost its way . Fahrenhiet 451 is an a dark tale about the problems of modern life and how normal things taken for granted can be turned inside out . Bradbury 's hero Montag , is a firemean that has the job of actually setting fires to burn books . For those of you who do not know , Fahrenheit 451 is the temperature that paper catches fire . His world is about modern convenience and the lack of intimacy that society had developed over time . His chance meeting with another leads Montag down a path from book burner to exile on the run trying to save what he once destroyed . Bradbury tells a tale of the redemption of a man and the hope of society by learning what is important . It is an excellent read and very thought provoking . For those of you who do not think that books can ever be burned , I named this review what I did because this book is on an official banned book list in the United States . What do those who want to ban books to our children fear from this book ? Makes one wonder .
 Play the man , Master Ridley ; we shall this day light such a candle , by God 's grace , in England as I trust shall never be put out . - Hugh LatimerGuy Montag is a Fireman , but in the future envisioned by Ray Bradbury , firemen do n't put out fires , they start them . Firemen are responsible for burning books ; all of which are banned , so that the people of this dystopia will not be troubled by difficult thoughts . Instead of reading , they watch endless soap operas on large screen TV 's and the government provides for all their needs . Guy has had some qualms about his job , but he 's never really thought through exactly what it is he 's doing . But then , in short order , he meets an odd young neighborhood girl named Clarisse McClellan , his wife nearly kills herself with sleeping pills and , finally , when the firemen are called to an old woman 's house , she refuses to leave : Montag placed his hand on the woman 's elbow . `` You can come with me , '' `` No , '' she said . `` Thank you , anyway . '' `` I 'm counting to ten , '' said Beatty . `` One . Two . '' `` Please , '' said Montag . `` Go on , '' said the woman . `` Three . Four . '' `` Here . '' Montag pulled at the woman.The woman relied quietly , `` I want to stay here . '' `` Five . Six . '' `` You can stop counting , '' she said . She opened the fingers of one hand slightly and in the palm of the hand was a single slender object.An ordinary kitchen match.And before they can light the fire , she lights it herself and Guy is forced to consider what it is about books that would make a person do such a thing . As he tells his wife : Last night I thought about all the kerosene I 've used in the past ten years . And I though about books . And for the first time I realized that a man was behind each one of the books . A man had to think them up . A man had to take a long time to put them down on paper . And I 'd never thought of that before.As it turns out , the old woman has , like Hugh Latimore , lit a fire that will change the world , because Guy joins the nascent resistance to the book-burning government.He remembers meeting an old man named Faber in a park some time earlier and the hunch he had that the man had a book . Indeed , when Guy tracks him down , it turns out that Faber was a professor and he explains to Guy why books are of value : Number one , ... quality of information . Number two
 Fahrenheit 451 depicts the futuristic world that we all fear
 Guy Montag is an ordinary fireman , if you consider a book burning , flame-thrower wielding zealot to be just that.Ray Bradbury -LRB- author of The Martian Chronicles and Something Wicked This Way Comes -RRB- tells the story of a society so frightened by its own intellectual and creative potential that `` book learning '' becomes a criminal offense.Montag , along with his equally ambitious coworkers , burns the home of any man or woman unfortunate enough to be hiding printed literature . But when one woman refuses to leave her home and then stoicly burns beside her collection of books , Montag dares to wonder if all books are so dangerous as the government has trained him to believe.Of course , I ca n't forget to mention Clarisse , a young woman who seems interested in helping Montag decide for himself whether or not his line of work is justified or foolishly cruel.Fahrenheit 451 is about censorship and the lengths that a future government might go to to restrict the public 's ability to access past knowledge . Orwell 's 1984 was a slightly better example of this kind of story , but that does n't take away from the satisfaction of Mr. Bradbury 's finely written classic . The book 's pace becomes incredibly exciting as Montag learns of his mistakes and decides to go against the common will . The fugitive chase and scholarly transients who keep passages of important texts in their memories -LRB- the Bible seems a popular choice of Bradbury -RRB- is a near perfect final touch.Go ahead , read this book . It has a lot to say about an important and complex subject and easily keeps your attention throughout .
 I am writing an essay for my 8th grade AP English class about this book . This is definitely one of the more thought provoking books I have ever read in my 13 years on this earth . Considering that it was written nearly 30 years ago , it is quite remarkable in its prophecy . Just look at what 's happening in this country today - countless numbers of mindless chatterboxes on every one of our 325 or so cable stations babbling on about Monica Lewinsky or OJ Simpson or George Bush 's alleged cocaine use , or some other utterly senseless topic . And just look at all of these old fools in congress and the senate with nothing better to do than talking about Monica Lewinsky and preaching morality to all of us while they 're all sleeping around on their own wives . I think the time is already here . There is no desire in this country for any meaningful ruminations of philosophy or history or the meaning of life . We have become that nation of vain , selfish dullards with no other goal in life except to make ourselves happy with our big screen tv sets and our armies of idiot babblers to tell us what to think . Mr. Bradbury , please write another book to help snap us back into real life .
 The lessons learned from good authors are timeless . Reading this book today one wonders how a writer 50 years ago could have so much insight into the society we live in today.Yes its about censorship , but its also about today 's media and advertising culture . People are fed the news and told what opinion they should have about it ... why bother thinking yourself?The parts of the book about television and how the media ties into law enforcement are chilling , in light of the new `` Amber Alerts '' adopted across the country.Good books make you think about your world , and this one makes you wonder how Bradbury could have known.The afterward -LRB- or coda -RRB- was priceless , and its comments on censorship and `` editing '' are far more frightening than people showing up to burn your books . `` I will not go gently onto a shelf , degutted , to become a non-book . ''
 This book points out while at the absolute extreme mind you what the negative effects of censoring books can be . It is Ironic that this book is on the list of top 100 books challenged between 1990 and 2000 . Besides being a great social commentary/civil liberties book , it is an exciting book . If you are in the mood just for a good page turner , read the book , if you are in the mood for a good social commentary , read the book.The story is basically about a man with an empty life who 's job is to go around burning the homes of people who own books . A very good example of how empty a person 's life can be without being able to exercise their mind . I think anyone who likes to read , will like this book .
 It 's been a long time since I 've read a book that I was so totally engrossed by . Fahrenheit 451 could have been written yesterday in as much as it relates heavily to todays world . When you read about this society in which people spend their lives glued to giant televisions , in which books , intellectual thought and art are forbidden , you can visualize it so perfectly in your mind that it 's scary . This is not one of those simple books you pick up , read , and put back down . This is one that you will read again and that will stay in your mind as you ponder the meaning of the world around you and appreciate the fact that you are allowed to read at all .
 This novel by Ray Bradbury is a very interesting book . Fahrenheit 451 is one of those books that you just ca n't put down . It 's hard to say why , but you pick it up saying to yourself , `` I 'll just read a few pages , '' and you end up reading for an hor or two because of the way it puls you in . The conflict starts imddediately , solving the problem of a slow beginning that some novels have . The very first few paragraphs show Guy Montag 's love for fire that eventually becomes his personal struggle as well as the struggle of the world throughout the novel . There is alot of foreshadowing that you do n't really recognize until you see what it 's lead to , such as how Beatty does n't run out of the kerosene-filled house as the others , but walks slowly almost delaying when the old lady pulls out a match . In leads into something very strange later on , but I do n't want to give it away . This novel plays off the old concept of how you never really know how valuable something is until its taken away , playing on something as important as making books not only rare but illegal in the future . It also shows how destructive the world has and will become , with wars lasting technically 48 hours , and are decided in less time than it takes to blink . All and all it is a very interesting and entertaining book , and I would recommend Fahrenheith 451 to anyone , whehter they are heavy readers or not so heavy readers , such as myself .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a very interesting book . Written by Ray Bradbury in the spring if 1950 , this book gives a somewhat scary view of the future . In this future knowledge is suppressed . Fireman burn books , and start fires instead of preventing them . Life has only one purpose
 This book is just one of those you must read . The style is very good and it 's loaded with phrases and metaphors for you to figure out well into the night . Nevertheless , I loved it and it 's one of my favorites .
 FAHRENHEIT 451 is a grim yet thought-provoking novel of a dystopian future . Other novels that show a bleak future -- 1984 and BRAVE NEW WORLD come to mind -- focus on what their authors see as the root cause of the implosion of human values . Ray Bradbury envisions this implosion as a gradual process of extreme cultural homogenization that , in the words of the novel 's antagonist , Fire Captain Beatty , reduces ` everyone to the consistency of paste pudding . ' Whatever it is that stamps one individual as different from another , the society of FAHRENHEIT 451 ruthlessly if not mindlessly grinds down and out that uniqueness that once marked a creative thinker.Guy Montag is a fireman who likes his job , which is to start fires and not extinguish them . He burns books to ashes , and then burns the ashes , as his firemen 's slogan boasts . He sees nothing wrong with that , and at the start of the book , he is not unlike nearly everyone else in his acceptance of the Way of Things . Yet , Bradbury hints early on that Montag 's mind and soul are ripe for a literary infection that is just as contagious as the Black Plague ever was . He meets a young girl Clarisse , who insists on asking him questions whose apparent nonsensical purpose is really meant to probe the paper thin layer of protection that Montag had built up over the years . She asks him if he is happy . She asks him if he has ever looked at the moon . With these seemingly innocuous questions , she infects Montag with the forbidden desire to know the ` why ' of things . By the end of their first meeting , Montag now knows that his life has been a cotton candy lie . For the first time in his life , he can see that the society in which he lives is dedicated to the ultimate communistic ideal
 This one of those books that are like no others that I have read . A story of censorship where all fire men instead of put out fires they start fire but only to books . The book was written in the early 50 's and is a novel of what is to be the future of all books , there are to be set ablaze . A man soon sees that it is wrong to set books on fire and tries to stop all that are against books . I think this is really a book like no other .
 I originally picked up Farenheit 451 for a summer reading book but in being touched deeply by this book and the realization that the book was n't on my summer reading list I realized it was much more than just a quick read . I love reading but this book really made me think about how some of my friends despise reading . Now , it does n't seem like much , but in Guy Montag 's society , the main character , reading and just owning books was a crime . I started thinking about how much knowledge can be attained through books , and this book made me think about what books offer . That is because this book offers so much to the reader . The only thing I did n't like about this book was that it had no closing to the story . I personally like closings but some people like to imagine the end and it always works for teachers to have a finish the book kind of project . But anyway , this is a truly great book .
 Guy Montag , a futuristic fireman , works for the fire station where the goal is not putting out fires , but starting them . That is what they do . In this futuristic book , books are not allowed . If you are caught with books , your house will be burnt to ashes . One day on the job , Montag is sent to a woman 's house to destroy it . The woman refuses to leave the house and is killed in the fire . Montag wonders what would possess a woman to do such a thing . Montag remains bothered by his event for a long time . He is unable to go on with his daily routine as he did before . After meeting with professor Faber , an old friend of Montag 's , he receives a book from the professor and takes it home and begins to read . Montag quickly falls in love with the literature he is reading.Montag 's life begins to fall apart when his wife reports him to the fire department . While on duty one day Montag answers a call to his own home . He arrives just as his wife , Mildred , is leaving . With Faber 's advice , Montag rebels against the society killing his ex coworkers . Montag escapes the law and finds a group of people much like himself . Together they cultivate the knowledge they have gathered over the years and await a time in which they will be able to share the knowledge.Fahrenheit 451 is a well-written novel that invokes thoughts and questions in the reader 's mind . Bradbury is a descriptive writer who paints a picture of a society that is not unrealistic or unimaginable . Written just after the era of Stalin , Fahrenheit 451 deals with oppression and an overly powerful society . Complete with futuristic technology and entertainment , Fahrenheit 451 is worth reading .
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is an interesting tale of a strange and ominous future which is hauntingly convincing . It is the story of a man named Guy Montag , who 's job it is to burn books . He loves his job until he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan . When she disappears Montag begins to further question his job and his world . I thoroughly enjoyed this book . The story was quite fascinating and I could often relate to the characters . I also liked Bradbury 's descriptions of various objects in the book . However , the most amazing thing about the book was that the strange and twisted world it describes did not seem that far off . This is especially remarkable as the book was written forty six years ago . Bradbury was able to predict many things that would happen , for example the increasing picture quality and use of the Television . I would recommend this book to people who like science-fiction or futuristic books . I would not recommend it to people who prefer more traditional books . I would also not recommend it who will get annoyed by an eccentric writing style or find it hard to understand as even I did a few times .
 Being one of the first Anti- Utopian stories I 've read , it was very formative on how I look at life . The facts that society can have it 's way with us , and we sometimes miss what it did to us in the first place . Going along with the what everyone does , seems to be another point here , and that the ones that stick out , are the ones with open minds , and not set patterns . This book is crucial reading material ...
 Okay you guys , I have to admit I actually liked this book . Ehh ... and I really do n't admire reading that much . I can compare this futuristic story with that of Huxley 's Brave New World and Orwell 's 1984 , both of which I read right before this one . I kind of think that this one was totally more interesting that the other two , no doubt about it . It 's primarily about a fireman , Montag , who works for a book-burning fire deparment . One day the thought of reading those books that he burns crosses his minds . As a result , he steals some and hides them in his home . His wife , Mildred , reports him and all of a sudden he becomes a wanted fugitive . You wan na know how to the book ends ? I suggest you read it . =P It makes you actually wonder about what the near future will bring us . Kinda spooky , eh ? When you 're not allowed to voice ur opinions like I 'm doing now . Anyways , to make a long story short ... just go read it and quit wasting ur time here looking for some good summarys . Ok , not to be rude or anything . =o-RRB- L8rz .
 highly recommended reading by Bradbury fans as well as those not familiar with his work
 As an English teacher , I felt like a loser because I had never read FAHRENHEIT 451 , so I picked up a copy and read it.It 's pretty good . I guess I avoided it because it was written by Ray Bradbury and I did n't consider him an accomplished author . Now I do . The book just might surprise you . It is science fiction at its best .
 This is the most wonderful book ever . For those of you who hate it , or say that it is ofensive to your religious beliefs , you are extremely inmature . This book makes a very important point about censorship . As others have said , '' May no book burn again . '' I urge people with an open mind to read it , because if you have a closed mind and refuse to like anything different , new , or outside the lines or crowd will dislike it . Believe me . It is worth a trip .
 This Book is very cool . I liked it a lot , because of it 's seeming reality to real life . The reason this book is so freaky is that it 's slowly coming true . I really liked the way it ended , also the way you struggled with Guy Montag -LRB- the hero -RRB- as he struggled with himself . This book is really cool .
 Fahrenheit 451 is about a fireman named Guy Montag . He lives in a day and age of very high technology . Instead of having televisions they have ` parlors ' . Which are rooms where pictures are displayed on the walls and it is very interactive . Guy 's job as a fireman is not an ordinary fireman 's job . In this future time houses have been made fire proof . Therefore there is no need for firemen who go put out fires . However the government has banned all books from the United States . They figure any book can cause disagreement by someone . Even the smallest minority could find a book that they think is prejudice towards them . Hence , Guy 's job as a fireman is to burn any and all books that are found . However , a young girl moves in next door to Guy . She stimulates his interest in books . At first she just tries to get him to slow down in a world that is constantly speeding up . She tells him to stop and smell the flowers . This girl is found dead , but she left an impression on Guy Montag . Guy collects books from the ones they go and burn . He begins to hate is job as a fireman . He finds a man that also likes books and has been planning to destroy what the fireman do . Then , Guy Montage is reported to have books in his house . While on the job the fireman receive a call to go and burn some books . Guy is startled when they pull up in front of his house . The head fireman gives a blow torch to Guy and has him do it himself . Guy burns his entire house down , but by now he has almost gone insane . He ends up killing the head fireman and running . The authorities chase him for hours . Guy is able to escape down the river . He finds a group of people who all have ran away because they love books . Soon after he leaves the city the next world war starts . Guy 's city is one of the first to get flattened by bombs . The people in the city had no warning . They were told it would never come so close . Guy Montag and the head fireman , Beatty , where actually very much alike . In the beginning they both went out and burned books with no second thoughts . However , Guy soon begins to think about what he is doing . This is when we find out that Beatty also once read books . Beatty found burning the books as an escape to loving them . When Beatty is about to be killed by Guy , Beatty does no try to move or jump away . He seems to just stay in place like he is ready to die . He has burnt enough books and he is ready for it to end . Death is his new escape . In this novel , Ray Bradbury shows us the importance of books and what could happen if we forget about books and what they teach us about ourselves .
 This book is a bit boring once you start reading it , but it is a good book after you get into it . I would love to have read this book a long time ago . The plot is not hard to follow also ! I love it !
 - I saw the way things were going , a long time back . I said nothing . I 'm one of the innocents who could have spoken up and out when no one would listen to the ` guilty , ' but I did not speak and thus became guilty myself.-Whirl man 's mind around about so fast under the pumping hands of publishers , exploiters , broadcasters that the centrifuge flings off all unnecessary time-wasting thought.-Not everyone born free and equal , as the Constitution says , but everyone made equal.-Now let 's take up the minorities in our civilization , shall we ? Bigger the population , the more minorities ... It did n't come from the Government down . There was no dictum , no declaration , no censorship , to start with , no ! Technology , mass exploitation , and minority pressure carried the trick , thank God.-You ca n't rid yourselves of all the odd ducks in just a few years . The home environment can undo a lot you try to do at school . That 's why we 've lowered the kindergarten age year after year until now we 're almost snatching them from the cradle .
 The ideas and the issues `` Fahrenheit 451 '' addresses are reason enough to read this book . Those deeply passionate about reading and literature will be greatly disturbed -LRB- and even devastated -RRB- by the bleak world Bradbury depicts in this novel , a world in which books are illegal and burned.I loved that this book gives us pause to think about what books mean to each of us and what their role and purpose is in society and to humanity as a whole . A small tome , it is rife with provocative and serious questions that could lead to many lively discussions . There 's a lot of great symbolism running throughout , and is very meaty intellectually speaking.However , there were a few things about the novel that were somewhat regretable , in my opinion . First , the book felt very dated to me ; without knowing when exactly it had been published , I was able to identify the decade based on the prose . Also , I generally did not respond to Bradbury 's writing , which I found to be folksy and inelegant . I do not think that this book is considered a classic because of the magnificance of the author 's writing , that 's for sure!Ultimately , this is an important book that everyone ought to read and discuss . It will probably have the greatest impact if you read it as a teen , but if you missed out on it during your high school years , as I did , better to read it late than never . It 's a shame about the actual writing , but the issues it examines transcend the weak prose .
 A wonderful read . A commentary borne from the risidual fears from WWII . Belongs in the same category of Orwell 's 1984 . I like to write short reviews that get to the point , and not ramble on . Read it ! If for no other reason , than seeing the parallels between Guy Montag 's world and the type of world George W is trying to create .
 I was reading this book for Lang . Arts and at first I thought it was boring . But the more I read the more intresting it got . My favorite part was when Montag fought of the Mechanical Hound .
 Well , I consider myself really late in joining the wagon of Fahrenheit 451 , considering it is written in 1953 . Maybe it is because it is outshined by the other more well-known dystopia
 A compelling book , creating within a desire - a thirst - for knowledge , and a sense of need - need to be an agent of change . Bradbury uses the illustration of an elder who has passed , and when the elder is passed , the mournfulness is n't for the elder but for the what the elder will never do again ; hands that had always been active , creating , crafting , and mending would never again create , would never again craft , would never again mend , would never again influence the lives of those around them . For what will you be remembered ; for what will you be mourned - for what will I be mourned.Read it - and be changed . `` And on either side of the river was there a tree of life , which bare twelve manner of fruits , and yielded her fruit every month ; And the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations . `` Rating System * = tripe ** = okay read *** = good read **** = excellent read ***** = life changing read
 Very interesting perspective on what the world might be like if automation took over and humanity accepted it !!! Kind of scary to think about.Classic book that I have been trying to find time to read for years.Glad I did .
 What can be said about Ray Bradbury 's F. 451 ? It is a wonderful a classic for every generation . Ray will be missed since his passing at 91 years of age . A real lover of books . Love the reasonable price Amazon offers .
 Great book with a smooth storytelling style . The moral is by far the best part will definitely make you stop and appreciate life a bit more after reading .
 There is n't anything I could say that has n't already been said in the last sixty years . It 's a short read . Short , poignant , and scarily accurate for today 's world .
 This is the fourth time I 've read this book , though the first time in over 15 years . It 's a science fiction classic about firemen who burn books in a not too distant and far too dystopian future . Bradbury is a great storyteller and weaves an amazingly lyrical narrative . It first grabbed me in childhood as an exciting adventure with a very vivid portrayal of the life of Guy Montag , fireman turned rebel.One of the delightful things I discovered in this re-reading was the idea of the proper relationship to books . The government represented by the firemen sees books as a hazard that causes both inequality -LRB- reading books makes people think they 're better than others -RRB- and rancor -LRB- people may disapprove of how they -LRB- as minorities -RRB- are depicted in books -RRB- . The citizens have fallen away from reading and are constantly plugged in to their living rooms , which are now nothing other than parlors with wall-sized TVs on every wall . Montag 's wife wants them to buy a fourth wall TV to complete the room . If she is n't watching TV , she 's listening to audio programs on little seashell devices in her ears . Books do n't even register as reality for her ; when Montag brings them into the house she is filled with horror at what they mean . Not that they contain horrible ideas , but that their house will be burned down if they are discovered . It 's as if the government had already won their point.On the other hand , Montag learns to appreciate books , first by meeting Clarisse . She 's the seventeen-year old neighbor with the funny family -LRB- her uncle was once arrested for driving too slowly at 40 miles an hour -RRB- . She is interested in nature and people . She has real conversations with Montag about things that matter . She is a catalyst for Montag to explore the forbidden fruit he has been roasting for so long.Like any amateur , he makes a bit of a mess in how he handles things . He tries to convince his wife 's friends that they should listen to books but they all recoil in horror . He tries to play cat-and-mouse with his boss at the firehouse but he is not up to the challenge . He eventually has to flee for his life.He falls in with a group of people who have been memorizing books , to preserve them for the time when the culture is ready . Interestingly , they constantly tell themselves that they are not more important or better than others for what they are doing . They are keeping a trust for civilization . In one scene , Montag is talking to Faber , a former professor who has been keeping a low profile though is in touch with the book people . Faber explains the difference between four-wall TVs and books : . '' . . you ca n't argue with the four-wall televisor . Why ? The televisor is ` real . ' It is immediate , it has dimension . It tells you what to think and blasts it in . It must be right . It seems so right . It rushes you on so quickly to its own conclusions your mind has n't time to protest , ` What nonsense ! ' '' -LSB- Montag :] `` Only the ` family ' is ` people . ' '' `` I beg pardon ? '' `` My wife says books are n't ` real . ' '' `` Thanks God for that . You can shut them , say , ` Hold on a moment . ' You play God to it . But who has ever torn himself from the claw that encloses you when you drop a seed in a TV parlor ? It grows you any shape it wishes ! It is an environment as real as the world . It becomes and is truth . Books can be beaten down with reason . But with all my knowledge and skepticism , I have never been able to argue with a one-hundred-piece symphony orchestra , full color , three dimensions , and being in and part of those incredible parlors . `` The difference is between what 's engaging and what 's overwhelming . Books are a help in understanding reality , not a substitute for it or a way to tune reality out -LRB- though certainly some have used books that way -RRB- . They help the reader to understand other people , other times , other places . But they do n't force you to agree with them . The proper attitude toward books is not one of hostility or fear or submission . It 's of wonder and learning and growing.The book is definitely worth reading and worth re-reading . Bradbury 's death a few months ago really is a great loss.Hear some better commentary on A Good Story is Hard to Find , which is what inspired me to re-read the book . And now I am finally starting Jane Eyre , which they discussed quite a while ago .
 This gripping dystopian classic hooks you from the start and thrills as the narrative moves eerily forward . Bradbury 's ephemeral writing style may not be instantly accessible to some , but readers can lessen the distance they might feel between the Fahrenheit 451 world and characters by simply diving into the text and enjoying the surreal ride while not getting caught up in specific verbiage . Censorship remains a relevant topic and all those interested in science fiction and socio-political trends will find this tale fascinating .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is part of the troika of great dystopian novels of the 20th century , along with `` 1984 '' and `` Brave New World . '' What makes this book even more disturbing is the seemingly voluntary oppression of ignorance of a fun-seeking society turning fascist from within . Ray Bradbury considered this his only work of science-fiction , where he defines the genre as something that would at some point become possible . Contrary to expectations of self-preventing prophecies , these books are at least as relevant today as they were 50 years ago . We are faced with questions of personal freedom where it interferes with national security . Social media changed and continue to change our private life in a way that lets a handful of companies monitor our every move already . We can find almost any information on the internet which may just cover up the relevant and confirmed facts in favor of those that are spread the fastest - we 're happy as long as we are entertained -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . This book is a great piece of literature that will keep you thinking for a long time after putting it down . There is an afterword and a coda to the story which reveals a little more of Ray Bradbury 's own thoughts . For me , this was probably the most controversial part where I was missing a clear distinction between censorship and an editing process . I do n't think that minorities threaten the liberty of arts - nor should they - when it comes to civil rights and equality .
 I never really enjoyed science fiction , but something about this book caught my eye . The story revolves around one lone fireman , Guy Montag , who , oddly enough , sets fire to books instead of putting them out . He lives in a world that does n't like to see unhappiness and the real truth , so they destroy books and all that causes unhappiness . When he meets a girl who , unlike all of the others , `` thinks , '' not only about life and the deeper meaning behind the events which happen in our daily lives , which we do n't acknowledge because we are all so busy , he becomes obsessed with finding out the truth behind those books and behind life . Along the way , he meets Faber , the elderly man who guides him on his journey . There is a certain tragedy in this book , and although the events in this book do n't happen in life verbatim , it is remarkably similar to events which happen in everyday life . This appeared to have been a spiritual experience , not only for the characters , but for the author Ray Bradley . The characters are so tortured inside , caught between what they are expected to do and what they know is right . This book made me think more about what life really is about . And , as demonstrated in this book so many times , you never know when your life is going to end , so as it says in the book
 We were assigned to read this book in our English 9 class , and never before have I read something nearly as interesting as this . It was complex and never before thought of , written by an extraodinary author !
 Fahrenheit 451 is a great book . I read it in my Language Arts class . Fahrenheit 451 is my absolute favorite book of all time . It has twists and turns . A terrific book to read for people of all ages .
 I liked how this book relates to the world we live in . The way it portrays the Government as an all powerful force that silences original thought through the burning of books and the voices of the authors . I pray that this fantasy never becomes a reality . But I fear that such a future is n't to far off !
 This classic dystopian novel must be read by anyone with a passion for literature . It reminds us in enormous sharp signs that books will only maintain an importance in our lives if we keep them actively alive by relating them to our present society . Montag is like many of us , going through every day life and responding to things in the correct way . When one day he receives a kind of wake up call . Revived to life he struggles with his moral sensibility over whether to abandon his home or remain in a life clustered in routine mindlessness . Clarisse is the beacon of hope in our lives . She is our belief that a common sense will prevail in the wake of senselessness . The depictions of our society as media-drenched placid reflections of ourselves is indeed accurate . In almost every creation Mr Bradbury made in this novel a direct parallel can be found in our society such as Montag 's wife 's television family where a popular computer game today is call The Sims where you create your own families . The statements he makes are n't much more complicated than that , but it is a powerful message indeed and a highly creative and entertaining story .
 In a world where imagination and fantasy are shunned upon , there is n't much room for Clarisse McClellan ... the young teenage neighbor of Guy Montag . Montag is a fireman unlike the ones today ... his group is employed to burn the books the radicals conceal . Ray Bradbury 's prediction of the future shows a world in which questions and ideas are damaging , and the only information you are given are minor details . The books are burned for this very reason , Fire Captain Beatty explains this best , ` ... and the books say nothing ! Nothing you can teach or believe . They 're about nonexistent people , figments of imaginations , if they 're fiction . And if they 're nonfiction , its worse , one professor calling another an idiot ... you come away lost . ' Clarisse McClellan is Montag 's guide to see the way life was . Enjoying the finer things we see and take for granted , like picking dandelions and skipping on the sidewalk . Simple pleasures have become insignificant , and Montag realizes he 's part of the problem . After Clarisse mysteriously disappears , Montag begins to hide books in his house , beginning to regain what he never knew he lost . At home he 's not alone . In fact he 's married and living with his wife Mildred . Mildred is a constant reminder of the pathetic not-so distant future that lies ahead . She spends most of her time with her ` television family ' , a collection of three large walls in which you interact with the sets . As Montag begins to learn about the past , Mildred gets suspicious and turns him in . The end may surprise you when Montag realizes what he 's supposed to do ... This book portrayed a hazy , gray picture of the future , much like the book 1984 . Although , it did not emphasize key points of the books with any tension or suspense . Overall , this book laid an important lesson upon me , and that is to take this book not as a lesson , but a warning .
 This masterful work of future prevention as Bradbury furvently declares it speaks volumes about the ease in which even a society such as our own -LRB- especially a society such as our own -RRB- can censor the voices of freedom that speak through books . Even though some of the material and references employed are a bit dated , as I said before , this was not intended as a prediction , only a warning . Are we wise enough to heed its message ?
 The book Farenheit 451 is a fabulous book . I think that it is like the book Z for Zachariah in the fact that they are both in the future . Also the people in the books are , at first , leading boring , uneventful lives . Then suddenly their lives change drastically . They are also alike in the fact that the main character in each book makes a dangerous escape . They are dislike because Montag 's life changes mostly because of outside influence that he could have stopped . Anne 's change could n't have been stopped by something that she could do . the only problem that I have with Farenheit 451 is that it does n't have a sequel . I like the the style of writing that Ray Bradbury uses .
 This book is still one of my favourites . It is still as compelling to me now as when I read it in high school at my brother 's suggestion . I wo n't give a plot detail here , but just say that this book is as relevant today as it was when it was written . Ray Bradbury is an excellent author who 's writting is compelling and magical.A must read for anyone who loves books .
 I LOVED THIS BOOK.When I read it first in 6th grade ... . I loved it . And now after reading it in 9th , almost 3 years later , not much has changed.From the very CONCEPT of the book , to the actual plot and characters , there was nothing I DID N'T like.It 's one of those books you can get absorbed in , and one you 'll definately wish would never end .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is about a future where there is no freedom of speech . A future where every person is a mindless automaton with no feeling . They go about their life wondering whats going to be on the screen next or what they 're going to eat for dinner . Worst of all it is a future where there are no books . It is a future where firemen do n't douse fires , it is a future where they start them . Their job is to rid the earth of books by burning them.Montag is a firefighter who is questioning what he is doing . Lately he has been stealing books from the secret libraries he burns for a living . He finally realizes that without books people are mindless automatons who 's only purpose in life is not to think.This is a great book and it makes you think of what life would be like if our only purpose in life was to be happy . We would n't be able to think for ourselves , just like the characters in the book . I give `` Fahrenheit 451 '' five big stars .
 Fahrenheit 451 takes a look into a world that is overloaded with censorship , has a lack of knowledge , and is full of ignorance . I was quickly captivated to read the book after the first chapter when I learned the main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman who 's job is to burn books . This makes the novel begin with a very unique twist since the world is accustomed to firefighters putting out fires instead of starting them.Bradbury takes us though Guy 's experiences that change his opinion of book burning . Starting with his encounter with a young girl named Clarisse McClellan , Montag is intrigued with her love of people , nature , and her stories of people who were not afraid of books . She causes Guy to see how dissatisified he is with his life . I feel for Montag as he goes through several disturbing events -LRB- his wife attempts suicide , an old woman chooses to burn with her books in her house , and Clarisse was hit by a car -RRB- and I understand why his eyes are opened to the bland life he has because of how censored the world has become . I would feel the same too , if I lived in a superficial world were everything is based on fast cars , TV , and radio and did n't include time by yourself , time to enjoy nature , independent thinking , books , and meaningful conversations . Nothing would be left in the world . That 's why this book almost frightens me because it shows where censorship can lead to . What if our society just decided to get rid of free thinking to stop conflicting opinions ? This novel makes you respect freedom after you begin to wonder if world could one day become like Montag 's . At least there was hope for Guy as made friends with a retired English professor -LRB- Faber -RRB- and decides that Faber can help him understand the books that he hid away from his own fires . The most emotional moment was late in the novel when the fire station gets a call . Montag realizes it 's his own house and his wife turned him in . It 's sickening how everyone turns against him because he wants to gain knowledge about the old world . This lead to an intense chase that makes you almost want to cheer outloud for Guy as he escapes the Mechanical Hound , Beatty , and other firemen.The final chapter left me somewhat satisfied . It 's vagueness at the end makes me yearn for a sequel . That 's about the only problem I had with the book . Overall , I recommend this to anyone who has an open mind and loves sci-fi .
 This book is unique in its own way . What goes on in here is not what people usually want to hear . Burning of houses , burning of sacred classics , even burning people . What makes this book likeable is that it makes you step out of your comfort zone into reality . As if it was going to happen if we do n't stop doing what we are now . I like this book because of the interesting technology and characters . Clarisse of course is my favorite character . She reminds me of the bright , young , smart , and clever people that live in this world.The main character in this book is of course Guy Montag . He is a fireman , that burns books . Unlike other firemen , Guy Montag is more friendlier . Even Clarisse said so herself . She said he made her forget about him being a fireman at all . Which sets apart Montag from the rest of his group . Which makes him special.What happens is that Montag is apart of the fireman group 451 . Being tempted , Montag steals a book , and more and more with each job he does . His captain of course notices , since near the end he said every fireman does this one time in his career . But , soon enough Montag is caught . Therefore being caught , he is forced to be on the run constantly , in fear of the Mechanical Hound , the invention used to catch `` criminals . '' Yet , there is a surprise ending , and to see what it is , you 'll just have to read and find out .
 This tale is far more than a simple scary novel about burning `` unacceptable '' books . It is a red flag warning about the ever-present encroachment of censorship in the world about us . It is not surprising that this book was indeed heavily `` edited '' when it was first published . The censors saw their own reflection ! Fahrenheit 451 is a book , which sends a strong message we should all heed . `` Social criticism '' in the written form is all-important to improve our society and prevent our freedoms from being eroded . There are not many other books along this line , but I have found two very enjoyable books , which really do fit into the `` Fahrenheit 451 social critique/satire '' genre . They are both by the skilled author C.B. Don . One is entitled , `` MANAGEMENT BY VICE '' ... it is a critical , hilarious satire on interactions of technical staff and managers in high-tech industry ... and the other , `` ACCUSED BY FACET-EYES '' ... is a fairytale-like science-fiction , which is heartwarming , yet with a sharp ecological message critical of our thoughtless polluting , human practices . Like the classical much recommended Fahrenheit 451 , these two books are also our 21st Century must-reads , ideal for every student of satire/social critique ! I enjoyed all three books and walked away thoroughly enlightened and with a new perspective on society and life !
 Ray Bradbury 's vision of a world without books is genius . However , I do n't think he was able to convey all that he wanted to with this book . It could be that the almost-novella length left him without the option to fully develop the characters . I was vexed not knowing what happended to Clarisse , and I was intrigued by the idea of the literati outcasts who roamed the rails . I think that in and of itself would have made an interesting novel . I could n't understand the reasoning behind the book burnings . Captain Beatty 's explanations left me wondering if that was the full story ? Humanity is flawed in the extreme , but this seems to suggest a reverse in evolution - human intelligence on a steady downward spiral . I hope that it would take a little more than the explanations given by Captain Beatty to inspire the world-wide destruction of books - especially in this manner . Would n't incinerators be much more effective at destroying books than torching houses and buildings ? I realize that the book was written very quickly , and maybe Mr. Bradbury got caught up in the passion of writing it , at the expense of character development . But I rated this book 4 stars anyway , because I respect the brilliance of the idea , and Mr. Bradbury made a very bold statement by writing about a topic he felt strongly about . It makes you think , which is more than I can say about the vast majority of literature published .
 Fahrenheit 451 in my mind is a very well-written book by Ray Bradbury . Sometimes this book did get very weird , but it all had a purpose towards the end of the book . The author of this book had a very good idea for a story like this and he wrote it very well.Guy Montag has had his job for ten years as a fireman , but books were for burning and the houses in which they were hidden . This man goes out on midnight , runs and watches pages become inflamed in fire . Then he meets a professor that tells him in the future when people could think , and then he realizes what he has to do.I enjoyed this book quite a bit and I would recommend this book for you if you like Science Fiction .
 I had to buy this book for school . At first when I was reading it , it seemed a little boring because it was n't the type of book I usually enjoy reading . But after I got about 20 pages in , I could n't put it down ! I loved every description and foreshadowing , and how much of the technology was similar to today 's , even though the book was written in the 1950 's . I was so happy with it that yesterday I went out and bought another of Bradbury 's books , The Martian Chronicles !
 The book had a good beginning that brought you right into the action of the story and showed you the view that the main character had . It had a captivating storyline that was able to keep you interested .
 If you have ever heard the saying `` Do n't judge a book by its cover '' , you 'll notice how Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a perfect example of that . Since I was assigned this book to read , I did n't get that enthusiastic with it at first , especially with that title . I thought it was going to be a book were I had to struggle to keep myself awake to read it . After reading the first 4 or 5 pages though , I was proven totally wrong . I became engulfed in this book and could n't stop reading it . The story felt so real that I could picture it happening in our society without a doubt in my head.I enjoyed reading about how Guy Montag 's character unfolded throughout the story and how he realized that just because something was the law did n't mean that it was exactly right . It is good how he followed his beliefs and did n't let anyone tell him that he was wrong . A downside to this book though is that my favorite character , Clarisse , was run over by a car . I believe that Bradbury just added that part to just take her away . I believe if Clarisse would have lived , she would have been at Montag 's side and the overall story could have been so much better.Also , I believe that Bradbury could have changed the ending a little . That was the least exciting point of the book . The jets flying by overhead and the city being destroyed was very exciting , but after that , the overall excitement of the book just died off . I am not going to be stereotypical and say that all of Bradbury 's books have a dull ending -LRB- because I have n't read any other one -RRB- , but I will say that he should have fixed this one up a little.All in all , Bradbury has written a good book . Not perfect , but good . I think that this is a book that few should be without reading because it can actually knock some sense into them to not be fools and stand up for what they believe in . The book portrays a world that could possibly be our own in a few years . The fate of this world though , will rest upon our own hands .
 If you are looking for mindless entertainment you might find Farenheit 451 a difficult or boring read , but if you are seeking a book that will make you think , or stimulate your own philosophical ponderings , then you are right on target.Like Huxley and Orwell , Bradbury expresses his concerns regarding the human condition through the dialouges of his characters . The language might seems a bit dry , but one must consider the time and environment in which it was written.This book is truely a classic , so grow yourself and those around you ; Read this book and then share it with someone willing to discuss it with you . Or you can just watch TV ! ; -RRB-
 It was just amazing ! It was required reading in high school and then again in college where I had to buy the book . I will always recommend this book to anyone who is interested in it .
 I was assigned to read this book when I was in 7th grade and I LOVED it . It opened up my eyes to how the world really is . I 've been looking at some of the one-star reviews ... So many people have been saying , `` I do n't believe our society could ever become that pictured in this book ... BURN IT ! '' I ca n't even find words to describe how ironic that is ... Anyway , I 'm an 8th grader and Bradbury is my favorite writer . I highly recommend this book Or anything else by Bradbury for that matter .
 Purchased for my child who had a reading assignment.He does n't like to read , but enjoyed reading this book.Purchase price very reasonable .
 This has always been one of my favorite books after reading it when I was young , and it never gets old to read . Bradbury did a great job building a world that is fairly easy to visualize with the technology of today , making it even a more enjoyable story ,
 This is still a good read . Given when it was written you must admit it has prophetic qualities , though the media people are addicted to these days are increasingly ones that Bradbury had not imagined . There are uncanny parallels between the ` family on the screen ' in the book and the way many people relate to media like facebook . The reason why I do n't give it a higher rating is because I personally think the style of writing feels a bit dated . The text contains many features that I myself would have edited away in my own writing . I wonder if a modern agent or publisher would have commented that the manuscript needs polishing before being publishable . It should be stressed that these are my private opinions and I am sure many do n't agree with them . Read it and decide for yourself . This is a powerful story about being entertained to the point of loosing touch with everything that matters in life . Though our media landscape is not the product of an evil society there are many similarities between the way we and the characters in Bradbury 's book live through the media .
 This is a futuristic novel in which history of the past as contained in books is forbidden . Into this scene develops a convert from a man who was part of the team that burned discovered hoards of books to one who wanted to protect them for their beauty of ideas and important lessons contained within them . It is a story about an inner struggle and an outward struggle to survive.The ending is weak but in it there is some optimism .
 I hate reading by hits book was really interesting and kept me wanting to read more . This book is fantastic and the details are very intriguing . You see an image of it all happening .
 This has been a comfortable experience . . Got here on time ... no problems . . Thanks for the effort ... I will buy again . . Thanks again
 It 's a classic . If you appreciate 1984 , Brave New World or the like ; you 'll probably enjoy this . Interesting insights into culture and population control .
 In Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- the temperature at which books burn , for the curious -RRB- , the Ray Bradbury evokes a terrifying America similar to our own in all respects but one - the fireman there burn books . With the aid of a mysterious girl , Clarice , who says she is `` seventeen and crazy , '' fireman Guy Montag chooses to defy society and is forced to run for sanctuary , even as a nuclear Armageddon approaches . Bradbury 's love of books is evident in his theme , and his love of language is evident in his linguistic acrobatics . Anyone with a burning love of books should read Fahrenheit 451 - it is truly a masterpiece
 If you are interested at all in literature , I think this is a must-read . To me , it centers around the notion of censorship and how culture can seemingly determine the sense of happiness which can only really be derived from within . The characters and events seem futuristic in a sense but completely current . The writing style is not ` heavy ' , but the content certainly is . I believe this book is extremely well written and organized , and very applicable in a time when few people examine the substance underlying the superficial perceptions that are shaped by external forces .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is one of the greatst books i have ever read because it shows what the world might become if we stop asking questions and only do what we are told . The main character is Guy Montag who lives in a time where books are outlawed and firemen burn them . He is a fireman who liked his job and never asked questions about the things that he did until he met seventeen-year-old Clarisse McClellan who was not afraid to ask questions . She along with a professor he meets helps him open his eyes to the truth . He knows now that he must turn against the very people he works for.I liked this book because it is very realistic of somthing that could happen in the near future . The book can become confusing at some points and is told in third person . This book is good for people who like to read about future `` what ifs '' . I highly recommend this book to people who like to read books that change their outlook on life .
 I had to wait until age 38 but it was worth the wait . It touches on some issues that are quite relevant today - espeically the state of our educational system.It was a very quick read , but thoroughly entertaining . I loved it !
 Really , the story itself ends on page 165 . This is a fascinating book , but it left me wanting more . You probably already know that the book is about censorship and book burning in the future , but you also see a little of the political correctness and revisionist history that led up to this future . There is not much more told about how this society evolved.It seems pretty far-fetched , but you can also see some similarities to today ... fast , loud , shallow `` reality '' TV ; hints that the rest of the world despises an arrogant , prosperous U.S.A ; and Americans that are too distracted to pay much attention to a war they know little about ... Another odd thing is that nobody is WRITING . The firemen are still tracking down stashes of old books , but there is no mention of anyone being caught writing anything new . With all the talk of how important books are , you would think some rebellious soul would want to create something new . On the other hand , characters who also happen to be writers can be such a clich&eacute; . Bradbury managed to write a book about books , and not include a single writer among the characters .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a book I 've been meaning to read , was on my list , but was only spurred on to pick up by Bradbury 's death . I read The Martian Chronicles and Dandelion Wine ages and ages ago so it was with pleasure that I returned to rediscover Bradbury 's brilliance.Guy Montag was a fireman whose job it was to start fires . And he enjoyed his job . He had been a fireman for ten years , and he had never questioned the pleasure of the midnight runs or the joy of watching pages consumed by flames , never questioned anything until he met a seventeen-year-old girl who told him of a past when people were not afraid . Then Guy met a professor who told him of a future in which people could think . And Guy Montag suddenly realized what he had to do ... I did know going in that Fahrenheit 451 was set in a dystopian society in which firemen burned books . All books . To ashes . Which made it hard for me to breathe . That feeling persisted throughout the entirety of Fahrenheit 451 . Thank goodness it was a quick read . To be honest I skimmed over some passages , much like I would a gory , overly graphic horror scene . `` It was a pleasure to burn . `` From this iconic first line on , Fahrenheit 451 moved at a fast , intense clip . It 's refreshing to be reminded of how a great story does n't need to be stretched out into two-three book series like so many books I come across nowadays . Bradbury 's writing is economical and compact ; despite the radical vision he 's presenting , Fahrenheit 451 does n't indulge in tedious info-dumping or an unnecessary scenes . Though the plot is full of shocking action , it also has many scenes that illustrate Montag 's internal struggles.Reading Fahrenheit 451 was very disturbing . Not so much because of the horror of book burning , but because the alternate history that Bradbury painted stemming from censorship is possible , even in this day and age . The unquestioning , drugged-like state of the general population is frightening because it can happen and does happen to some degree today . Everyone is numbed by artificial , dumbed down entertainment . Instead of TVs , there are entire TV walls surrounding people . Seashell earbuds fill their heads with ceaseless , lulling noise . No one has face-to-face conversations anymore . People accidentally on purpose overdose on sleeping pills - yet they do n't even know how unhappy they are . Everyone goes around in a haze of oblivion , so much so that no one knows there 's even a war going on.The symbolic figure of this dead and deadened world is Guy Montag , a fireman who sets fire to books . In the beginning of Fahrenheit 451 , he revels in the power and spectacle of burning these hated things . But in the course of meeting a girl and an old man , both of whom infect him with the idea that the world was once different , Guy suddenly finds himself having a massive crisis of the heart , mind , and soul . From then on , life as he knows it explodes.One thing that bothered me about Fahrenheit 451 was the kind of books that `` rebels '' held as worth saving at all costs , even their lives . First of all , no books by female authors . Secondly , the Bible plays a big role . Which is ironic to me since most censors and book banners cling to the Bible as their reason for banning books in the first place . '' ` Do you know why books such as this are so important ? Because they have quality . And what does the word quality mean ? To me it means texture . This book has pores . It has features . This book can go under the microscope . You 'd find life under the glass , streaming past in infinite profusion . The more pores , the more truthfully recorded details of life per square inch you can get on a sheet of paper , the more `` literary '' you are . That 's my definition , anyway . Telling detail . Fresh detail . The good writers touch life often . The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her . The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies . ' ''
 Bradbury struck bullseye with this novel . It seems almost ridiculous to have firemen to burn down houses because the obtain books in them . But is it really ? Today 's American Society has already started the burning of books and persecution of those who own them . There are already banned book lists that are preventing the youth of today from expanding their minds . It is a travesty that this is happening , but the fact remains that it is . By preventing High School students from reading `` Huckleberry Finn '' because it uses a derogatory term towards African-Americans is ridiculous . We are forgetting what the word `` satire '' means . To ban Vonnegut 's works because they are different is insane . We may not have begun to burn down houses , but we are not helping books to survive . We are too locked into computer screens and televisions to remember what it is to be human . The human-experience can never come from a computer or a television . We must protect what keeps us human . Forget being politically correct , forget Jehovah , Allah , and any other diety ... BE HUMAN ... READ BOOKS .
 One of the best books I have ever read ! Guy Montag is the epitome of courage . The reality of much of Bradbury 's fiction is horrifyingly consistent with today 's society . The future 's view of books is accurate with that of a variety of people today . A great book for high school students -LRB- if you can get them to read it -RRB- to think about thinking and conformity . Make a loved one read it today .
 This is a great book . I loved it because it was so confuseing . I bet that is hard to believe , but I love confuseing books alot . If you a good book to read , read F451
 This is one of the best books ever written . It shows what could happen if people refuse to think and let the goverment think for them . It shows that if let one person tell you what to do , read , or even watch t.v. that the censorship can grow and eventually you wo n't even br allowed to think for yourself .
 I believe this book to be one of the very best I have ever read . It inspired me to use it as one of my research topics in an english paper . And to look more into the rules bu wich are nation is governed . Who else would know that fahrenheit 451 is the temperature at wich books burt into flames Except Ray Bradbury .
 I read this book the other day -LRB- it ai n't that long -RRB- . It scared the crap out of me . American society is ` nt that far from this . The people who gave this book bad reviews prove it .
 This book is amazing , whether you are forced to read it or not . The only people who do n't like this book , are the fools who do n't understand what 's happening around them . Chances are , if you give this book anything less than a 9 out of 10 , then you are just too uneducated to appreciate this work of art . Remember , your personal lives and interpretations bring meaning to a book , and the book is therefore as good as you understand it . Bottom line
 This was one of the most thought filled pieces of work I have read since `` Homer '' . However , do not attempt to read this book if you are not prepaired to use your mind . Many have hated it for this reason . Open up your mind to a new view of the world and government while experiencing the SiFi tradition .
 This is a marvellous book . I found it full of compelling text and did not want to put it down . I recommend this book to anyone whom likes a good ca n't put down book .
 I love this book . It is exciting and thrilling . I love the idea of people not being able to read books or think for them selfes . I think that this book should be read by all .
 Through all of the metaphors , complication , and similies , Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent book to read . Ray Bradbury made this book very interesting especially with his similies and metaphors . In order to get anything out of this book you really had to read closely to enderstand what Bradbury was trying to communicate to the reader . Also , the reader had to use their common sence to understand the story , because it is very different from our world today . The scary part of the story , was how it was written fifty years ago , but the reader can see how the society of today is becoming more and more like the book.Amagine a world were reading certain books ment that you were breaking the law , with possible punishment of death . This was the world Guy Montag lives in . He was a fireman that started fires . In the story 's day and age this was a common job . Houses that contained books were houses that needed to be burnt down . Montage enjoyed his job because he did what he was told , and never thought outside of the box . Until he met a girl named Clarisse who made him think outside of the box with three words she asked Montag , `` Are you happy ? '' To learn more about what happens to Montag , you will have to read the book .
 I first read this book when I was a junior in high school , and I immediately loved it . Five years later , I decided to read it again , just to keep my memory refreshed.Wow , had I forgotten a lot . I mentioned I thought it was great the first time ; the second , it was even better . It is easy reading , so I managed to get through it within a couple of days , and would 've been able to read it in its entirety if I had had a whole Saturday to myself . As other books that I would group into this general genre -LRB- such as `` 1984 '' and `` On the Beach '' -RRB- , it projects a frightening future in which firemen do n't put fires out , they start them -- in the homes of people who are reported to possess books . As a raging bibliophile , this is one of the most frightening scenarios I can imagine.Ray Bradbury is a masterful writer who commands your attention like few I have read before . He succinctly depicts the struggle of Guy Montag , the main character and a fireman , as he slowly begins to realize that perhaps his job is not as spectacular and wonderful as it once was . He lives in a climate of violence , where people driving run over pedestrians for sport , and wars come and go as frequently as the change in tides . And , most of all , it is a world where books are viewed as a waste of time , considering TV shows have been condensed to five minutes long and billboards are two hundred feet long so that drivers may see them as they drive by at breakneck speeds . Bradbury paints quite a grim picture of the future , along with his contemporaries , Nevil Shute and George Orwell , that seems frighteningly near . Have n't we heard the news stories about how the younger generation does n't read ? And Montag 's wife , Mildred , interacts with her `` family '' on wall-sized TVs in the parlor ... an interactive `` reality '' show that seems like it may be drawing closer by the second with the advent of all the reality shows in the past year . Rather than having her own life , Mildred seems to live her life in conjunction with these characters on the screens.Bradbury gives us an ominous warning about what may be in the future . We should definitely all pay close attention.This book is more pertinent than ever , and I hope they 're continuing to teach it in the schools . It is important that we read these books , so that when things begin looking eerily familiar , we can stop it before it gets to this point .
 This book is by far one of my favorite books ever , along with Lord of the Flies . It starts out where Guy Montag is a happy , yet braindead fireman who seems to love his job . Which is burning houses that contain any books . Set in the future , everything seems backwards . Television seems to run their lives . No one reads . People on the street drive more than eighty miles an hour , which causes them to knock people over . And no one seems to care when someone dies . They just drive around knocking people over . Montag 's wife Mildred -LRB- if memory serves -RRB- is just as braindead and likes to watch `` the family '' and that terrible clown show where the clown gets run over by a train in the walls , which are like giant TV screens that completely surroud her and engulf her . But Montag meets a girl who shows him the beauty of life outside their brainless conformaties . She tells him that , long ago , firemen put fires out , not started them . And he starts to wonder why there are no more porches or decks for people to sit on and talk . He wonders why there are people who love books so much that they would be willing to be burnt with their books . And he wonders what is really in the books ... . So while he is reading -LRB- illegally -RRB- Mildred and her friends are sitting around watching the walls and talking about how many abortions or husbands they 've had like it 's nothing at all . Montag tries to get Mildred to read with him , but she thinks it 's wrong and leaves . All the while , Captain Beatty , a chief at the fire station where Montag works is suspicious of Montag owning books , but he ca n't prove anything . Until the night Mildred leaves Montag and pulls the alarm that let 's the firemen know someone has books in their house . Montag is shocked to have to burn his own house to the ground . He kills Beatty and the other two firemen with the flamethrower and runs away . The police are pursuing him but he eventually gets away , with the help of an old man who used to be a professor . In the end the city blows up . It is kind of a representation of the terrible lives the people there were living and how our society could someday end up like their 's . It is a really beautiful book , science fiction at it 's finest . Ray Bradbury did an amazing job with this one .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' a metaphor on the freedom of speech . It is not in literary terms that knowledge can be controlled by burning books ; there are other ways to accomplish that . As the world is full of people ; running with lit matches . Ray Bradbury is basing his attack on every editor ; censor ; lobbyist ; government that see themselves as the caretaker of knowledge and literature ; and they control by shackle the words of an author who dare to speak out.The question is very relevant to present times . The news is splattered with stories of doctored intelligence documents ; on the bases of which dreaded events occurred .
 Reading over the other reviews , they basically sum up how fantastic this book is . I just wanted to add that when I read this book in my seventh grade English class , although it used a huge amount of symbolism and metaphors that would normally be hard for a younger people to understand , the majority of my reading group was able to decipher the book and take a great deal out of reading it . We worked together to figure out a few very difficult things but in general this book was not impossible for a young person . So , to anyone that wants to enrich themselves and really take a deeper look at the horrors of instant gratification , I highly recommend this book .
 When I first heard of the basic plot in which Firemen burn books rather than putting out fires I was a little skeptical . I was most definitely mistaken . This prophetic short story was engrossing . There is nothing I can say which has n't been said before . Yes the underlying themes are n't so underlying but they are multilayered and provide a buffet of ideas to feast upon .
 In an age where most authors write tomes of 400 + pages , this classic by Bradbury says more about humanity , freedom , and the risk of opression from the state -LRB- and society -RRB- than just about any other book ever written . For anyone who loves books , this is a must-read . Even if you do n't consider yourself a `` science fiction '' fan , this book is an essential - like _ Brave New World _ , _ 1984 _ etc that should be read by any biliophile . And the story is exciting and entertaining enough that it more than earns its place among the truly classic literature of any time .
 This is one of my favorite books of all time . It 's a really amazing story of how the world could be one day if we are all corrupted by the government
 Fireman Guy Montag is happy with his work -- burning books -- until he runs into a teenaged neighbor who really talks to him , questions him , and starts his mind working in directions that do n't feel comfortable and that lead him to question his entire existance . In Ray Bradbury 's futuristic dystopia , books are illegal and wall-sized television sets , constantly babeling and even allowing user interactivity , rule the world . But , as we learn from the story , this is n't the result of harsh government sanctions , but of popular consensus only supported by the government when books were already almost extinct.Author Ray Bradbury is a powerful and effective writer . His use of the language adds color to a straightforward , if fascinating plot about a man 's struggle to come to terms with himself in a world where comfort and ` happiness ' are deemed more important than questioning and thought . Like George Orwell 's 1984 , FAHRENHEIT 451 survives because of its eternal message , its strong writing , and its insights into the future -- a future that Bradbury might recognize as something similar to our own present . In an era where book reading declines each year , and where a greater and greater percentage of those books sold are best-sellers by a few favorite writers , Bradbury 's message is certainly worth another look.Two characters make this novel -- Guy Montag , with his doubts but also his hopes for the future , and fire chief Captain Beatty . Beatty knows the truth , knows more about books than Montag or even most intellectuals , and is willing to argue against them -- but does so using arguments from the books themselves . Beatty 's arguments are subtle and definitely worth stopping and thinking about -- only if we are willing to pay Beatty 's price can intellectual freedom survive and Beatty is right -- few are really willing to pay.Although most reviewers focus on the book burning and anti-intellectualism that Bradbury describes in FAHRENHEIT 451 , there is also a strong anti-war message that runs through this novel and much of Bradbury 's early work . As in our own era , wars are expected to be easy and cheap , at least for the Americans . Bradbury argues that expectations do n't always make the truth .
 First off this is an excellent book . I 'll not bother to say what it 's about ` cos everyone else has already done that . What I will say is that this book was written for all of you out there who hated it and want to see it burned . This book tells what is today so very well , with the poetic pose that Bradbury alone can use . No wonder he 's only the second person EVER to be printed in TIME , and virtually every major magazine . In one sceen Montag reads poetry to a room of guests , they all burst into tears . The reason for this ? They have never heard anything like it before , and ca n't understand it . Step into any high school English class and you 'll find the same thing , kids not understanding and hating the book . Many people hate this book , they do n't understand it . It describes mode day perfectly . Look at any college library were they have books that have been banned for being `` intororant '' `` Little House On The Prairie '' , `` The Bible '' books that offended . In the world described in this book all , books offend , nobody understand them and if one person does n't get it WHOOSH ! up in flames it goes . That 's why student 's today read dull gutless books by contemporaries , instead of books to make you think like something by Dante , or Milton . God forbid the poor kid not understand something . A 12-year-old wrote , `` This book is supposed to be about the future , but talks it resembles today '' NO KIDDING ! This alone shows the greatness of this book , it was written 50 years ago , and tells us about ourselves . They also claimed they could `` not relate to anyone in the book . '' What a shock ! Got news kid this was written for adults , of COURSE you could n't relate , how could you ? Unless you 're abnormally intelligent they could n't . The teacher who assigned this book to a class of 12-year-olds should have their head examined ; they were n't going to get it . Some people say Bradbury has a negative outlook on the future . Anyone who was read a book by him knows that . The reason ? Bradbury has a firm grasp on reality , and knows that humans are evil , and will ultimately destroy themselves . He has good cause to be pessimistic , he looks at the modern world and shakes his head , and then try 's to do something about it by educating us . For those of you who want to be educated , and are bright enough to understand this book , and the truth it shows , buy it . For the rest of you . Buy a meaningless book by I know not who , and find why nobody knows who they are . And leave book meant for bright people with eyes in their heads alone .
 I never really enjoyed science fiction , but something about this book caught my eye . The story revolves around one lone fireman , Guy Montag , who , oddly enough , sets fire to books instead of putting them out . He lives in a world that does n't like to see unhappiness and the real truth , so they destroy books and all that causes unhappiness . When he meets a girl who , unlike all of the others , `` thinks , '' not only about life and the deeper meaning behind the events which happen in our daily lives , which we do n't acknowledge because we are all so busy , he becomes obsessed with finding out the truth behind those books and behind life . Along the way , he meets Faber , the elderly man who guides him on his journey . There is a certain tragedy in this book , and although the events in this book do n't happen in life verbatim , it is remarkably similar to events which happen in everyday life . This appeared to have been a spiritual experience , not only for the characters , but for the author Ray Bradley . The characters are so tortured inside , caught between what they are expected to do and what they know is right . This book made me think more about what life really is about . And , as demonstrated in this book so many times , you never know when your life is going to end , so as it says in the book
 My daughter has received this for the second time now as required reading for school -LRB- summer reading requirement -RRB- . `` Oh Mom this book is awful '' she said , now for the second time . She read me a paragraph of the book and sure enough , it does sound awful when you read small snippets of the book . This book is not an easy read at all , not because it is overly intellectual -- it 's not written very well , sorry Mr. Bradbury -- the author wrote in the afterward , that he wrote it in his early days of writing in various rooms of his house , finally ended up sequestered in his garage . I imagine that if the book was written later in Mr. Bradbury 's career , that it would have been written far better than it was -- this is no literary masterpiece , but the concept it contains is a timeless one.That said , my daughter gave it to me to read and I read it in one sitting , wondering what was going to happen to the main character and how this book would end . This book is about a future society where books are illegal . The government has built a society where simple pleasure is the main goal in life , not meaningful pleasure . People live their lives around TV that takes up entire walls of their homes , no truly educational programming is allowed for the same reason that no books are allowed . The TV in this book creates not just light programming for society , but a family in the wall/screens -- it is mind numbing for that society . People become puppets where they live their lives out in simple ignorance and if you dare question the way things are or attempt to hide any books you are persecuted for it . People are simple minded and unquestioning . Enter Clarissa , the sweet teenage next door neighbor who takes simple pleasure in taking walks , letting the rain fall on her tongue , staying up late in the night actually talking to her family , no TV walls active in her home -- people actually listen to each other . The government is suspicious of her family -- not because they are subversive or publicly questioning society , but because of the way they live and think . Though Clarisse is a character in the book for a very short time , she makes an impact on the main character , Guy the fireman , who envies that she and her family talk to each other , listen to each other , and care so much for each other in a society that only cares about keeping the status quo and not getting in trouble . He begins to question what he is doing , burning books -- not so much because of the book burning itself , but for the lives of the book lovers he wrecks in the process . He begins to wonder what is inside the pages of books that people are willing to die for them and steels one of the books from a home his is destroying . He adds this book to the huge stash of books he has already hidden in the air ducts of his home and actually begins to read them and thus begins his own persecution.Though this is n't a literary masterpiece , as I said earlier , it is engrossing and very disturbing . The future society created in the pages is a nightmare . The importance of education , reading , and simply caring about your fellow man are the concepts the reader walks away with . I suspect that 's the reason it is tirelessly assigned to kids at school .
 I first read F451 in high school ... and was moved by it . This was a book that at once fueled my teenage-born desire to fight `` the man '' and inspired me to become a science fiction author myself.So why am I writing this review now , more that a decade -LRB- sadly , much more than a decade -RRB- after high school ? Well , I just read F451 again . It is now April , 2004 . I am amazed at just how accurate Bradbury 's future is . If the `` slaves to our TV 's '' accusation does n't strike close enough to the bulls-eye , just look at the role of war in F451 and then turn on CNN and watch for 5 minutes.Bradbury has hit the nail on its proverbial head ; in his verbose-yet-eloquent style he has painted a horrible and terrifying future where man fears and scorns knowledge and wisdom . It has gotten to the point where firemen no longer put out fires , but start them -- to burn the books which embody everything that is dangerous to a society that fears free will.Reading this again , now , I could n't help resurrecting a memory . I was at work in the high-tech field -LRB- before the crash -RRB- ... I make a habit of either reading or writing during my lunch hour , and a coworker had made a comment along the lines of `` why on Earth would you read a book when you can get all the entertainment you 'd ever want online ? '' . Reading F451 , I remember this person , and imagine them in a `` parlor '' with their fabricated online `` Tv walls '' that cater to their egos and their banal desire for raw and stupid entertainment.My advice to those who do n't typically read , those who have siblings or offspring who do not read , and those who think anything that is n't digital is unworthy of their attention
 I 'm not a fan of science fiction , and so when my book group chose this book as its monthly selection to read , I was dubious . But then I started reading this small , seemingly simple little book and I was hooked - completely . Yes , it 's science fiction . Yes , it requires the reader to accept the reality of a world that is a figment of the author 's imagination . Yes , it deals with censorship and book burning and the dangers of mindless feel-good entertainment . And yes , it has a great plot and tells the fast paced story in a mere 165 pages . But in this case , the total effect is much much more than the sum of its parts.There 's the quality of the writing first of all . The words run across the page with searing intensity , pulling the reader into a world that feels real and creepy . It pulsates with its theme , which is of fire and firemen and the cruel act of destroying books . It 's intelligent and literate and uses some direct quotes from revered thinkers . And then there are some parts that were so humorous that I laughed out loud . Every line resonates with tension . It is a wonderful tale . And , to top it all off , it is optimistic.One of the joys of reading this book is that we have the hindsight of understanding it was written in 1950 . The author has that that hindsight as well , and there are an additional 23 pages in the paperback edition , written by the author more than 50 years later . These few pages add dimension to an already complete book and should not be missed . I have no doubt that Fahrenheit 451 is now seared in my mind as being one of the finest books I 've every read . It gets my highest recommendation . Do n't miss it !
 This novel is , in my opinion , Bradbury 's absolute best . Bradbury 's excellent prose allowed some of his novels to escape the `` science fiction ghetto '' and surely this is one book that made the jump over the barbed wire.The plot is simple but shocking ; books are dangerous to a trivial and controlling culture -- therefore , burn them . Without books , there can be no memory of how things were or should be . Montag is a fireman who 's job is , of course , to start fires and create bonfires of contraband books . His wife is absolutely shallow and `` normal '' -- she watches the daily soaps on TV , which in this futuristic society are full wall-sized plasma screens . She nags Montag to earn more so she can install a fourth screen and surround the room with the escape from reality . Even some part of her , however , senses the bleakness of the world , and witlessly tries to escape in an overdose of drugs.Montag is dedicated in his work , but perhaps his investigative nature leads him into the world of the contraband book-hoarders . What drives a man to leap upon a funeral pyre of his library ? A shaken Montag must find out.Bradbury sketches the frightening world of a society with non-readers and non-thinkers , dumbed down by design . What did he see in the 50 's that we are just realizing today ? He was not only amazingly prescient in his description of wall-sized flatscreen TV , but in the trend to a world where education , reading , and reason are being made extinct , if not downright subversive . Read this novel and marvel at Bradbury 's chilling insights .
 I give Fahrenheit 451 five stars because it is very interesting and pulls the reader into the life of Guy Montag , the main character and narrator . Ray Bradbury uses great imagery in this book so that the reader can picture exactly what Montag sees . Another thing that makes this book so great are the ideas that we take for granted such as thinking . In this book there are very few people who can think for themselves . It also makes you question things like , if there were no book would people still be able to think for on there own ? This is a really great book.In this book you will read about a society that is very different from our own . This society takes place in the future . All the houses there are fire proof making firemen obsolete for their old job . There the firemen start fires instead of putting them out . Instead of using water they now use kerosene . Their job is to burn books and the houses they are in as soon as they are found . They follow strict rules which are1 . Answer the alarm swiftly , 2 . Start the fire swiftly , 3 . Burn everything , 4 . Report back to firehouse immediately , and 5 . Stand alert for other alarms . According to them the first firehouse was built in 1790 to burn books . The first fireman was Benjamin Franklin . All books are banned from everyone . Being caught with a book is a punishable offense.This was Montag 's job . He never questioned why he burned them or anything else in his life . Until he meet a girl named Clarisse McClellan who helped him start to think for himself . She asked him questions he never thought of before such as if he was happy and she pointed things out that he never noticed like how the billboards got longer because the cars got faster . All these new realizations helped Montag open his mind to start thinking and opened his eyes to what the government was doing.Clarisse spends her days outside exploring her environment and thinking about how strange the world is . She does not go to school because people think of her as anti-social when she just has a different idea of what being social is . Montag sees her doing some of the most peculiar things such as shaking a walnut tree or knitting a blue sweater . He saw her outside one day in the rain and she explained that she loved the way the rain tasted . Montag had never thought about how rain tasted and that day on the way to work he tilted his head back and opened his mouth to taste the rain . This was not the only time she told Montag something that got him thinking . One morning when they were talking and she told him she thinks dry leaves smell like cinnamon . Her odd revelations to him helped him think more and more.Montag starts to question all the people around him but mostly his wife , Mildred . She does nothing all day except watch her three-wall TV . He realizes he does not truly love her because he does not really know her at all . One night Mildred has two friends over to watch the three-wall TV . Montag listens to there conversation . They were talking about the up coming war and one woman said that her husband is in the army . She talked about how her husband might die but its okay because it 's the third marriage for both of them and she wo n't have ant trouble getting over it . This shows Montag that people are incapable of feeling also . They ca n't think or feel they just live life and care only of themselves.Another person that helps Montag to start to think and question authority was an old professor called Faber . Montag had met Faber in a park a long time ago and Montag decides to call and then visit him . Faber tells him of a time when people read books and were not afraid of being caught with them . Faber lost his job as a professor when one year he came back to teach and only one student had signed up for the coarse . Faber thinks of himself as a coward because he loves book and believes that they should not be banned but he does not do anything to stop it . He was there when books were being banned and he said nothing because he was afraid . But Faber 's compassion and wisdom give Montag courage . Faber stays in his house all the time and creates new inventions . One invention is a little speaker you put in your ear so you can talk to someone . Montag and Faber use this to there advantage.These characters help Montag a lot through out the book . If it were not for them Montag would have never started to realize what he has to do . He must change the society in some way but how ? He is only one man . It all starts when he confronts his fire chief , Beatty . But to find out what happens read Fahrenheit 451 . This book is a page-turner and you wo n't want to put it down .
 It is ironic that Ray Bradbury 's dystopian classic about the horrors of censorship has been on and off various `` banned books '' lists pretty much from the time it first appeared . That alone should be enough to pique one 's interest . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' tells the story of Guy Montag , a fireman . He does n't fight fires - he starts them , in order to destroy books and any buildings that conceal them . He 's happy with his job and always has been . But an unexpected series of events causes Montag to begin questioning the things he has hitherto accepted as undisputable . First he sees a woman burned alive in her home when she refuses to surrender her books . Then , Montag meets two people who expose him to ideas he has never before considered - one is a young girl , a new neighbor who proclaims herself `` seventeen and crazy , '' and the other is an aging professor with memories of a time before ... When I first read the book over a year ago , I paid attention mostly to the plot alone , did not give the book as much thought as I should have , and therefore was not particularly struck by it . Re-reading it a few weeks prior to writing this , I concentrated more on the underlying themes of the book and gained a greater appreciation for Bradbury 's creation . Originally written in 1950 as a short story entitled `` The Fire Man '' and taking it 's final , full-length form in 1953 , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is just as relevant today as when Bradbury first composed it at the cost of a dime an hour in the basement typing room of the UCLA library . It takes a head-on look at the ways in which censorship dulls the mind and seeks to undermine independent thought.The form of censorship we encounter in `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is not the same type of thought control found in books like `` 1984 '' by Orwell . In a way , it is even more insidious . There is no Big Brother figure trying to manipulate the minds of the people . Rather , books are taboo because the people themselves do n't want them . The general public has lost all interest in reading . And no one wants that interest revived . Instead , people spend their days in front of enormous , wall-filling television screens . When Bradbury wrote the book , television culture was still in its earlier stages , so the novel shows great prescience when compared with the world of today . Now there are televisions in every home . Televisions are baby sitters , time fillers , background noise . When we 're bored , we just turn on the TV and let the real world fade into the back of our minds.In `` Fahrenheit 451 '' we see this overwhelming dependence on television highlighted as a form of escapism from the reality of the world . Montag 's wife spends every waking moment watching `` the family '' on the walls of the parlor . If Montag suggests that she do anything else , or even turn the volume down , she becomes distraught . She is literally lost without the world on the screen . It provides an insulation to cushion her mind from facing the darker things that hover just beneath the surface . And Mildred 's repeated sleeping pill overdoses are evidence that such darker , depressing thoughts really do await her if she ever stops to ponder the world in which she exists , and just how lacking in substance it has become . In fact , the frequent references to other citizens ' suicide attempts give us a clue to the very widespread nature of the problem.These are all things well worth contemplating in today 's world . Fewer and fewer people take the time to read nowadays . News can be obtained via television or , as is increasingy more common , via the Internet . Entertainment can be had in the form of movies , video games , and the like . And of those that still do read , simple throwaway novels are becoming keen competition for the classics and other books of real substance . The incidence of depression in our society is increasing rapidly . People are constantly looking for ways to escape the world and to avoid having to think about it.Bradbury 's book addresses all these issues and forces the reader to consider where our culture may be headed . Additional insight into the author 's thoughts about and struggles against censorship can be gained by reading the Coda and the Afterword at the end , appended to the novel in 1979 and 1982 respectively . In these short passages Bradbury reveals the processes that went into the creation of `` Fahrenheit 451 '' and the incidents that inspired and shaped it . He also gives us a heavy dose of irony by relating just how frequently others have sought to censor this very book . Admirably , he has turned down every such request , even at the cost of lost business , and `` Fahrenheit 451 '' remains unaltered from it 's original form . The story itself is short , simply written , and can be read quite quickly and easily . But it is worth considerable attention and thought , and deserves to be read by all .
 Fahrenheit 451At the tender age of 9 , as my 30 year old father lay in a hospital dying of cancer , my grieving young mother packed me off to a theater nearby . The feature was Fahrenheit 451 , the year was 1966 , and I was amazed by the message in this movie , enough to go back every night for a week , and beg my mom for the book . Growing up , I often reflected on how I lost I would be without books , and vowed I would read voraciously through life , and never willingly be part of a society who believed in spoon feeding propaganda to people to make them complacent . Lo and behold , my America has crept in that direction . The message of the movie is not what Government can do to society , but what society allows those in power to do to control them . Reading is indeed the antidote to blind faith in bad leaders . This movie carries a timeless message , one I have shared with my children and grandchild , and everyone who I have lent it or given one to .
 I must say that this classic , by the master of Science Fiction , is one of the greatest Scifi books written . Ray Bradbury has proved to the literary elitist , that Science Fiction is not just about non-existing technology . No , this novel questions the self-censoring nature of man . It takes place in the future , 1990s , a future for the when the book was written , and tells a tale of a world devoid of books . The firemen , no longer put out fires , but start them . They burn books . Hence the title
 This book deals with the still-controversial issue of government censorship-the worst case scenario . Not only does the government limit people 's ability to think for themselves , but the entertainment and advertising industry picks up their slack . This possible universe contains 3-D televisions to live in , cars that travel more than 100 mph , and radios that can be plugged directly into the ear when there 's nothing else to do . A society in which presidential elections and the declaration of war is no cause for concern , and certainly not more important than what 's happening on the most popular television program.A world where the acquisition of knowledge is n't a goal and where there are no books . In fact , books are illegal , and when someone concealing them is found , their books are burned as well as their house . And if the person does n't come out of the house ... it 's a shame , but nothing to lose sleep over.That is Guy Montag 's job ; to burn books and this is the world in which he has lived , and it is the only world he knows . Until his life is changed forever by a series of revelations , including a friendship with a young woman named Clarisse who tells him what living really means and shows him that his life has really been a ghost-life . After that realization , his life fell apart . He realized he was living an empty life with an immoral , mindless , violent job , a wife he does n't know-and does n't love-and no one he could truly call a friend except Clarisse.Confused and distraught , Guy fled to find guidance about books , the future , life , and-most of all-himself , from the one man he thinks can help
 Ray Bradbury 's 1953 phantasmagoric blockbuster `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , written at the height of the fabulist 's authorial powers , is a tale of a world gone mad , a topsy-turvy America in which black leather-clad firemen race laughing on their steely Salamanders on midnight alarms , not to quench fires but to start them.The firemen of the nightmare world of `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , of which the novel 's hero Guy Montag is a dedicated one , comprise an army turned against an enemy far more insidious than Flame
 Bradbury does a great job of capturing the future of man , in his desire to reject thinking and embrace mindless leisure . The future world involves a backwards world where firemen start fires to rid the world of books , because that is in the best interest of good social order . But our hero is a fireman who develops a conscience , after meeting a spunky 17 year old who has dreams and challenges our man that the world may have been different in the past.The tension between our hero and his fire captain boss , as well as the tension with his mindless wife , are excellent . The whole story is an eye opener , full of compelling action and riviting philosophical discussion.I enjoyed the notes from Mr Bradbury in the 50th anniversary edition where he admits he subconsciously gave our protagonist the name of a paper company , and the name of his professor friend from a pencil company.This is a classic that will endure for centuries , despite whatever firemen exist in the future .
 At some point , Ray Bradbury states in his novel ` Fahrenheit 451 '
 Of the people I know who have read this book , roughly three-fourths of them loved it and the other fourth hated it . I would be in the former group.Fahrenheit 451 tells of a not too distant future where all books are banned , and anyone caught with even one book has it , and the rest of their belongings , burned . It describes a future where human life means next to nothing and war is not uncommon . I wo n't go any further into the plot , as many other reviewers already have.Ray Bradbury has a mastery of the English language that requires the book to be read slowly in order to be fully understood , but it is ultimately very rewarding . For the type of book it is , it is the perfect length . It has just enough details to keep you interested , but not too many to bog down the enjoyment . And it is paced perfectly.I 've seen this book getting quite a few comparisons to Orwell 's 1984 . I have read both books , and I do n't think they really compare . 1984 is a slower , much more detailed look into a government , while Fahrenheit 451 is faster paced and focuses on one aspect of the government of the future.I 've read the book no less than four times , and enjoy it more each time . It is now one of my favorite books.It does have to be read slowly due to Bradbury 's metaphorical way of writing . I consider it Bradbury 's masterpiece , and while all may not agree , you should at least give it a try , taking time to absorb exactly what it is Bradbury is saying .
 I first read Ray Bradbury in my literature book , in English class . I was instantly hooked . His writing has a simplicity to it , but at the same time , an amazing profoundness . I immediately went out to the bookstore and bought a book of his short stories -- then another , and finally , I read Fahrenheit 451 . His style is constant -- his use of metaphors has more of an impact than any other author I 've ever read . He has a rare ability to deviate from the regular stereotypes of the future , making the settings as believable as if they were set in the present time.I immensely enjoyed this . It really conveyed the image of what a world would be like without books -- lacking substance and meaning ; having pleasure at violence and taking for granted what they had . Mr. Bradbury never ceases to amaze me . The character , Montag , was a perfect balance of the influences society had impacted him , and his own emerging understanding of reality.I 'm greatly inspired by this , and I hope to mature enough to write something of as much quality as Fahrenheit 451 .
 Sure the story of a nightmare world in which free speech is forbidden , as a parable for the directions our real-life society is going , has been done a million times - both before and after `` Fahrenheit 451 . '' So why is Bradbury 's book a classic ? The key is his superior writing skills and offbeat social subversion . In Bradbury 's world , free speech has not been suppressed through a fascist exercise in social control and forced conformity , as in Huxley 's similar `` Brave New World . '' Instead , in this book free speech has been eliminated indirectly through what would now be called rampant political correctness . Every single piece of free speech might be offensive to someone somewhere , so all books and entertainment are eliminated so the masses can waste away in feel-good conformity . Ignorance is bliss in this world . This is a groundbreaking concept for a book written way back in the 50 's . Bradbury must have been terrified by the PC hordes that broke out 30 or 40 years later . The one major problem with this book is the characters . The protagonist Montag is ultimately narrow and undefined , even though most of the story concerns his inner struggles . The other main characters - Beatty , Faber , and Granger - exist only as longwinded speechifiers for Bradbury 's ideas . But the book is saved by the real sense of creeping dread and social agony lurking in the background , all highlighted by Bradbury 's intriguing prose and curveball plot techniques.Be sure to read an edition of this book published after around 1980 . Prior to that , editors had abridged the book without Bradbury 's consent , removing some troubling passages for the sake of helpless schoolkids -LRB- or more likely , their holier-than-thou educators -RRB- . This is the ultimate irony - censorship of a book about censorship ! Be on the lookout for an edition containing Bradbury 's `` Coda '' -LRB- or epilogue -RRB- - a blistering indictment of this issue in which Bradbury essentially tells all opponents to kiss his you-know-what , in a quite scathing way .
 I guess I 've always wanted to be an individual , to look deeper and find the rich goodness of life and freedom in being me . I have found this richness through books . When i discovered Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , it was the book that defined my love of the me that I am . I think Faber said it best , when he told Montag `` I do n't talk things , sir ; I talk the meaning of things . I sit here and know I am alive . '' After I read this book I knew I was n't the only one who craved a richer life through the great world of imagaination and books and knowledge . You see , I am alive and thinking .
 Bradbury 's classic `` Farenheit 451 '' seems to become more true all the time -LRB- although it was not intended as a prediction -RRB- for example , one of the characters mentions students shooting eachother as if it was an everyday occurence.Beyond that , the plot of `` Farenheit 451 '' is intriguing , poignant , and fun to read.Anyone who has not yet read this classic should pick it up .
 Bradbruy creates a world of censorship and what is supposed to be simplistic and fun . The main character , Guy Montag has the profession of a fireman , and rather then put out fires , he begins them . His job is to destroy books , but he soon realizes that there is more to the world than what is told to him . With the help of some very interesting supporting characters Montag 's life is drastically changed . This is a really quick read under 200 pages . It was definantly thought provoking and the whole message fits in any time period .
 This is an excellent book dealing with the ever prominent debate of censorship . Fahrenheit 451 is extremely well-written and organized and in an age where outrage is frowned upon very , very timely . I found myself not being able to put this book down on more than one occasion especially when I considered our world as it is today . Thumbs up to Mr. Bradbury !!!
 Did anyone see the Washington Post article a few days ago about more and more people choosing not to read books anymore for pleasure ? It 's frightening
 O K so I admit , I 'm more than a touch biased , but hey !! Ray 's my man !! I mean the guy is GOOD !! He 's got the smarts , he 's got the talent and he proves it with every single novel he has published . But I 'm not the only one holding such an opinion , after all Disney studios could have had any of ther scripting staff do a screenplay of `` Something Wicked This Way Comes '' but nooo . They had the smarts -LRB- a very rare and scarce thing in Hollywood -RRB- to ask Mr.Bradbury himself to write a screenplay of his own work . According to my memory Mr.Bradbury in a TV plug said that `` about 80 % of what went onscreen '' was his work . Now there 's writing that commands respect , and rightly so , when such little cinematic licence as only 20 % is taken in filming a given screenplay . Makes a person curious as to how much of Stephen King 's own efforts went into , say , `` Creepshow '' or `` Silver Bullet '' . I tell ya people Mr.Bradbury has got what it takes !! Go out , read his stuff for yourselves and see if I 'm wrong ! I mean hey , you all got minds of your own , whatta ya need me telling you what 's worth reading for ? Read the book -LRB- s -RRB- see for yourselves and decide , go ahead ! Put me and all the other critics and reviewers on unemployment !
 Although the author of this book , Ray Bradbury , is mainly known as a science fiction author , this book has become popular and infulential enough that it has had the fortune -LRB- or misfortune , depending on your politics -RRB- a standard book on English-lit courses . Thus , it is a widely read novel . That fact taken in stride , it 's sad that it 's message has n't been more widely transmitted . Fahrenheit 451 depicts a future -LRB- definitely a not-too-distant one -RRB- in which books are illegal and society is forced to take everything as it is , without questioning `` why ? '' The ironic thing about this is that in subsequent printings , this book has been edited , changed around - ... . Parts were taken out of it frequently , and it frequently shows up on banned book lists . What does this say about our society ? Nothing too great , I 'm afraid . Pull yourself away from the meaningless masses , read this book , take it 's message to heart , and try to prevent the future depicted in this book from ever coming into fruitition , and maybe we can take a detour from this headlong-forward trainwreck our society is currently apathetically riding on . As Bradbury himself has said , `` I 'm not interested in predicting the future , I 'm interested in PREVENTING it . '' Let 's help him .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is a very interesting book . This book touches on the subject of censorship , and the damages that censorship can have in our society . While some forms of censorship are good such as keeping kids out of movies that they should n't be seeing , there is another side to it . Censorship , as shown by Bradbury can be a very damaging thing.In this book , fireman were required to start fires , not put them out . They started Fires by finding people who owned books , and then burning their houses down with the books inside of them . In our society today this would seem a proposterous idea , but somewhere down the line , who knows , anything is possible.The story line in this book is very interesting as well . It is fast reading , easy to understand , and has a great story with believable characters in it as well . I fully enjoyed this book , I actually read it from cover to cover without putting it down because I continually wanted to know what was going to happen to the main character . My advise to those who are interested in this book is to definitely buy it , you will not regret it .
 I recently read a series of letters-to-the-editor in my local newspaper from a group of middle schoolers who had just read Fahrenheit 451 . 8 out of 10 did n't like the book because it `` encouraged burning books . '' Ahem , did they ACTUALLY read the book or just the back cover ? Also many of them were pro-cencorship ... I do n't know what it is about that class , but I also read this in 8th grade -LRB- I am a senior in h.s. now -RRB- and I loved it . No one that age should have trouble grasping that the book is ANTI-censorship . Bradbury 's style is a little hard to follow at first , but I quickly got used to it and found it fascinating . It is still one of my favorite books , and it gets better every time that I read it -LRB- probably because I get older -RRB- . This is definitely five stars !
 `` There is more than one way to burn a book . And the world is full of people running about with lit matches . '' - Ray Bradbury -LRB- Coda , Fahrenheit 451 -RRB- This book is outstanding ! It is a book for people who love books . It is a testament to the power of books and the importance of the knowledge they hold.It reminded me a lot of 1984 and Brave New World . If you liked either of these two novels , you will like Fahrenheit 451 . Guy Montag , the fireman turned fugitive , is a lot like Winston Smith in Orwell 's 1984 because he is forced to hide from an organization that wishes to destroy him . He is also like John Savage in Huxley 's Brave New World because they both come to see the importance of literature , art , and beauty in the world . All three men are trapped in societies that are all about a quick fix , the easy way out.Fahrenheit 451 offers everything
 This book I read in high school it is my favorite , religious symbolism is powerful -LRB- even though organized religion is silly -RRB- and the imagery is great .
 I really do n't think I 've come across a book as good as this one in all of my 13 years of life . -LRB- This might not sound like much , but you would be astounded at how many books I 've read -RRB- I truly believe that anyone who did n't enjoy it needs to read it again , you had to have missed something . This book blends poetry and intricate writing to create a graceful page-turner . I had to read it for my 8th grade English class , and read 90 pages over ! I did n't fall asleep until 11:30 ! I 'd recommend this book to anyone ! It really makes you think , and question your reality .
 Once in awhile you find a book that truly fascinates you . Farenheit 451 was just this sort of book for me . The words flowed together in perfect harmony , the metaphors and similes gliding over my mind . The story was captivating - I could hardly put the book down . Guy Montag brought the book to life . He was a real person with real problems . The story surprised me again and again . The plot took strange twists and turns that made me re-read , as to look for hints towards the future plot I may have missed . As you can tell , I honestly adore this book . If you taske my advice and read this classic novel , you 're in for and exciting ride !
 I enjoyed this book very much because it gives you an extreme look towards censorship and how the media can influence the way we think . An individuals ideas and thoughts are shunned for society in general and how they can make a person think .
 I enjoyed this book very much because it gives you an extreme . look towards censorship and how the media can influence the way we think . An individuals ideas and thoughts are shunned for society in general
 I have never read a book anything like this before . Most of the literiture that I 've come across has had ideas that come from other books , but Bradury 's idea was clearly original , especially if this was written in the 50 's . The language is of the kind Shakespeare could n't think of . I do n't think that even George Lucas could think up such a world . Within the first three sentences I was entranced . The suspense was of the kind that kept me awake , even at 3 A.M. , and reading by flashlight . This book will help society be more careful about the future . Bradbury 's wonderful creation deserves no less than 5 stars .
 This novel intricately portrayed what Guy was experiencing , if you read this book in one sitting and allow yourself to absorb what is happening , you can feel the choas and indecision that ravages Montag 's pyche . This was a refreshing aspect after reading so many award winning books that seem to try too hard to force emotional impact upon the reader .
 Not the Best but one of the very good science fiction novel I read
 I rarely read SF , I 'm more of a fan of general fiction books like Prince of Tides or The Triumph and the Glory . But I had to read Fahrenheit 451 for a class and actually enjoyed it . It had an aura of chilling prophecy , the world may well deteriorate to conditions like that described in Bradbury 's classic book , where books are burned . I hope not , though , Amazon would lose even more money than they are now .
 I 've been re-reading some sci-fi books of my youth . I am somewhat amazed at how prophetic some of those books were . This book , written now almost 50 years ago , is a sociological treatise of things to come ; and unfortunately - it has come to fruition . I am equally amazed how accurate Bradbury 's predictions were . How did he know ? What insights did he have ? Is he truly a seer ? Was this written as a fanciful warning , or of what our society WOULD be ? The televised helicopter chase scenes ; being more familiar and comfortable with our television families - than our own flesh and bloods . A society composed of Mildreds . No critical thinking - just having FUN . Do n't disturb us with thoughts and ideas . We 're happy , and we intend to stay that way - at the expense of all else . The banning and the burning of books . The revising and shredding of ideas being performed not by the government -- but by pressures from the minorities , the majorities , the intellectuals , special interest freaks , 2nd rate entertainers . Political Correctness . This book should be required reading for all young people . If you find this book DISTURBING -- then you are already a Mildred . You have lost . Turn on your televisor , and seek solace and guidance from Oprah , Jerry , Geraldo , Brokaw , Rather , perky Katy , MTV , ESPN , The Action News Team , ...
 Based on the reviews below , it appears that people either love or hate this book , so let 's just play `` What book would you be ? '' I would be `` The Great Gatsby . '' Ok , your turn !
 When i searched for `` Fahrenheit 451 '' I was amazed to see that they actually have cliffs notes for it ... A bit confusing due to the language , but I never really got bored with it ... and its got one of the most incredibly tense chase scenes towards the end , seems like something like that would attract people . Anyway , i was amazed that they had cliff 's notes for it , until i read some of these reviews ... its sad really.If you go into every book thinking that you are being FORCED to read it and FORCED to think about it , you wo n't like it . At least that 's my explanation for all the one star reviews.Equally disturbing/humorous are those who say that this book should be burned . That makes me laugh . And of course there 's the old story of this book being banned in some schools -LRB- ! -RRB- because it has the word `` damn '' in it . Some people never learn , i suppose.This is the book that made Clarisse my favorite gal 's name ... I read it in 2 sittings I think ... its the most poetic sci fi i 've ever read and even the movie version of it is good -LRB- French people are cool , what can I say -RRB- . Its amazing how many people do n't like this book ... ramble ramble ramble blah blah blahP . S. Coming from a group of people who i would expect to be literate , the fact that most of you can barely write scares me . No offense or anything .
 In summary , this is not a plot book . It has the sole purpose of convaying a message , it 's theme . Throughout the book , Bradbury says that books are made for people to think and without this ability to think , people are a mass of `` happy '' that care nothing of responsibility or consequence.This novel had a profound effect on me , even if I am only 16 . I do not want to criticize , but there is some ignorance in the other reviews . People want this book to be exciting , like a TV show . Montag seems to prophisize this in his book . He says people like to be led and not think by a TV , rather than lead and think by a book . I guess it is sad that people think this . Montag 's prophicy of a psuedo-happy world may realize . It seems to be leaning that way.If you think while you read , this book is excellent . It is a theme book , not plot . I enjoyed it greatly and it has given me a new outlook on life -LRB- as a book should -RRB- . Lovely !!
 I read this book because I was stuck in a library with nothing to do -LRB- but read , of course -RRB- I though it was one of the best philosiphy books I have ever read . I actually cried , which is kind of silly , but that 's the way I feel about my freedom and my books . In a way this book is a horror story especially since society is turning in that direction . If you can get past all the abstract adjectives the reading is fairly quick . Enjoy this book , and keep an open mind . It is not politically correct !
 Fahrenheit 451 is an anti-censorship novel by Ray Bradbury , in which a world is presented that could very easily be our own . Its protagonist , Guy Montag , is a fireman whose job is to burn books , but one night on the job he has a change of heart . He realizes how wrong it is to limit people 's minds , and in this moment Bradbury makes the reader reflect about the importance of freedom and humanity . Montag reveals to his wife where he has hidden over twenty of the forbidden novels , and from that point on he finds himself being persecuted by the ignorance and coldness of the world around him . Montag 's main antagonist is his former fire chief , Captain Beatty . Over the couse of the book he presents the reader with disturbingly realistic monologues concerning mankind 's eventual decline into ignorance . The most alarming part of this decline is , as Beatty points out , that it was the people 's choice . This ignorance is not only what leads to the burning of books , but also to a fear of their fellow man which made their world cold and unfeeling . Chilling in its realty , Fahrenheit 451 is just as relevant today as it was when first written .
 The major complaint against this book , as far as I can see , is from elementary school students who resent being forced to read works they do n't understand . I couldnt agree more . Although I am a bibliophile , and found this book very interesting , I am also consious of the unique ability of english teachers to analyse books to death . This type of novel is one that will only speak to people who would read it voluntarily anyways - many people see nothing wrong with TV . If you love books , you will love this one . If you do n't you wo n't
 It 's the late '50s , I 'm in my early teens , cutting my teeth into English , and gobbling up scifi by the truckload , from Asimov all the way through the alphabet down to Wells . Occasionally , I reread those books , and some of them still flare up my imagination . F451 is one of those . There is a misconception that scifi authors must predict the future in minute detail , the more so if they deal with social issues , lest their work becomes `` dated '' . Not so ; good authors write about the present . If one chooses to select current trends and extrapolate them , it 's irrelevant how accurate a prophet one is . It matters not whether or not firemen will ever go from firefighters to firesetters . What matters is that Bradbury foresaw , and denounced , a society drowned in entertainment - worse still , `` infotainment '' - , assailed by a barrage of GUIs , emoticons , acronyms , shoot - 'em - down , trigger-happy computer games , `` educational '' software that is none other than , `` interactive '' TV shows plastered on wall-sized screens , complete with FX and surround sound ... And never a moment to be alone with ourselves and just plain think . From readers ` comments , I garner F451 is being given as an assignment to 7th and 8th graders . Too little , too late . Their brains have already been washed away by too much through the day MTV , and no week in Paris - or Mars - will ease the bite of it .
 I WOULD FIRST OF ALL LIKE TO SAY THAT EVEARY ONEHOW PUT TWOS AND ONES AS COMENTS ARE IGNORENTBASTERED . THE MOTIVES OF EVERY CARECTER IN THISBOOK IS CLEAR . CENCERSHIP HAS ALLREADY DESTOYEDYOUR MIND IF YOU CAN NOT APPREACETE THIS BOOK . WESHOULD ALL THANK BRADBURY FOR THIS GIFT HE HASGIVEN US . THIS BOOK SHOULD BE WARRING TO EVARYONE . I AM ONLY 14 AND I COULD UNDERSTAND THISBOOK BETTER THAN MOST OF THE PEOPLE HERE THINK TODO . I THINK SOME OF YOU ASSHOLES SHOULD TAKE ASECOND LOOK AT THIS BOOK AND SEE WHAT IT REALLYMEANS.GUY NONTAG IS THE IMAGE OF EVEARY WEEK ANDVULERABLE FOOLTHAT WE HUMANS ARE . GUY REPRESENTSMAN . I HOPE TO GOD THAT WE NEVER GO AS LOW ASTHIS SOCIETY IS . I HAVE A PROFOUND LOVE FOR GOODLITATURE AND THIS IS WON OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVEEVER READ .
 This is my first re-read of this book as an adult -LRB- I 'm now 46 -RRB- . I recalled enjoying the book a lot when I first read it around the age of 17 - I recently recommended it to my daughter , age 14 , and she thought it was one of the best books she ever read . My attitude now towards the subject of potential loss of freedom combined with mass culture , although much more down-to-earth than it was in my teens , is still pretty much the same
 I am 26 years old and , although I have read hundreds of books , I have never read this book before . I loved it . It was an interesting read and its message is timeless and frightening . This is a perfect book to be assigned to a high school english class , but no matter how old you are , if you hav n't read it yet , read it now . F451 could be placed on the high book shelf next to Ayn Rand , George Orwell , and Aldous Huxley .
 I am 26 years old and , although I have read hundreds of books , I have never read this book before . I loved it . It was an interesting read and its message is timeless and frightening . This is a perfect book to be assigned to a high school english class , but no matter how old you are , if you hav n't read it yet , read it now . F451 could be placed on the high book shelf next to Ayn Rand , George Orwell , and Aldous Huxley .
 I have read this book for my Grade 10 English class and decided to search the net for some further information and came upon this site . I would like to say that this book is the best book I have read so far . It opens your eyes on the truth that technology is taking over us . Even though this book is written about the far future we are getting there and its only the matter of years . To me books are everything , you learn by reading and sharing your opinions with others and from what I can see not a lot of people can actualy talk about a book . I think that Ray Bradbury wrote a book which is meant to be read by absolutely everyone .
 I simply love this book . Let me tell you the story between me and te book . I had yo read it as part of my finnish classes and compare it to the Hitchiker 's guide to the galaxy by Douglas Adams . not an easy job . anyway , i went to get the book from library on my lunch break and started reading it on my fyscis class -LRB- not recommeded to do that -RRB- . I had finished the book in the same night . It was just so facinating , iteresting , so well written and it made me really think . I simply loved that book and amazingly you can say that it has something common with the guide , they both question the truth we have learned to keep as the thruths . And forgive me all my typos .
 I really liked the way Montag challenged his own beliefs during the novel . It seemed like the chief firefighter , Beatty could have been in the same position , but he fell victim to society either by choice or because he thought it would benefit society . These people did n't know the difference between a `` normal '' society and a totalitarian society . So to us , the reader , he looked like the hero , but he looked like an antagonist in the society he was living . If we turn the tables around and put Montag into our present day society , and he challenged our present-day society , he would look like the opponent , or the radical right-winged activist . I know I do n't agree with those kinds of people , so I probably would not have agreed with Montag if I were in that society because that is the safe way out . That is a safe way of thinking . I think Bradbury is trying to say that most of us take the safe way out when it comes to activism . I 'm sure if I acted as Montag did in opposite in this present day and age , I would be looked down upon too . At the end , Montag and his friends try to make a difference in society no matter how hard the path in front of them would be . Maybe Bradbury is making the point that we should make a difference in our own society by taking an activist standpoint in the media , and standing for our beliefs , no matter how radical they might be . Because without that voice of difference , there would not be an active and working society .
 As a high school junior , I was recently made to read Farenheit 451 . Unlike the typical high school student , reading is one of my most cherished activities . Thus I was pleased to find that we would be reading ` heavy ' novels and were expected to do some thinking beyond the usual confines of teen thought . I was shocked at the way most of my peers responded to the novel and the assignment itself . Most hated the novel and were disgruntled to find that we were -LRB- gasp -RRB- supposed to think ? The very idea ! It was actually quite ironic to find that the very ideas of lax thought and caring that Mr. Bradbury was trying to convey were precisely what I found in my classmates . It was also a disturbing discovery for me to make . Farenheit 451 was an excellent novel although I believe it was written far in advance of its time . Had it been published just recently , perhaps more people would understand the troubles it predicts , which are indeed staring us in the face . The most interesting part of the novel is that it came in a time when the Guy Montags of the world were frowned upon , as were individualism and self-expression . The struggles which Guy faces are a perfect example of today 's struggles . There are some of us in the world who refuse to conform and think exactly like the government wants or society decrees . It makes one truly think about how close we have come to slipping into Guy 's society . Look at Hitler and WW II . Look at genetic engineering and euthansia . Mr. Bradbury 's novel gives a chilling and striking depeiction of what the world would be like without a few individualists . I recommend this novel to anyone who likes Kate Chopin or Ross Perot .
 When I first started reading this book , I realized it was just another quirky scifi book , that would end up with somebody killing somebody , and that would be the end . But as I neared the end of the book , something struck me . This COULD be OUR future ... if we did n't DO something . This book completely changed my opinion about the contrast between literature and entertainment , censorship , and society in general .
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the best books I have ever read . For all of the people who thought it was stupid , what Bradbury is talking about has already happened to you ! At 14 , I do not find this book at all confusing , unless to you confusing means that it actually makes you think -LRB- The horrors !! -RRB- . It made me realize how lucky we are to be free to read whatever we want to read and think whatever we want to think . It inspired me to work to change things so that what Montags society has come to will never , EVER have to happen to us . I can not imagine a world where great classics like this book could not be read .
 This story is a warning against reliance on media and entertainment and government for information and leisure . The Parlors are symbolic of modern man 's addiction to TV and the internet . The vapid importance of American Idol and such are lamented by Montag at the house party . When Montag is being chased by the hound , the network goes live to cover it - very much like today 's coverage of police chases . As Neil Peart of Rush said ; `` Hidden camera coverage from the crime scene to the courtroom . '' These warnings should still be heeded today .
 I think his writings are amazing . I know many differ on that opinion but I truly enjoy his works . 451 is my favorite of his writings . I think it is fascinating to see how much the time influenced him . How so many things you see in the movie are now in creation like the wall tv -LRB- our flat screen now -RRB- . This book was required reading in my youth and I feel it should be required today as well . It 's a view of a world which could easily occur if we allow our rights to be flushed basically . How we could easily fall into a dystopian world if we become complacent and lack knowledge . I highly recommend this book !
 This is a Great book . Should be a must read for anyone who thinks that the government should have more power . Do n't take your freedoms for granted .
 Montag is a fireman whose job it is to set fire to books.Montag roars out of his fire station in a wheeled flame thrower to burn the ever scarce book collections of nonconformist bookworms . One day he meets an odd girl who asks questions that force Montag to introspect and look beyond the limitations imposed by his job . The girl asks Montag whether he is happy and then disappears.The future wages war on the printed word to resist excessive thought . A long attention span it seems is the true enemy of the state . The euphoric electronic haze that society demands to keep happy ultimately serves the state 's purpose . The war on books began not as a state mandate but as a devolution of the soul . The Bible has been banned and Jesus made into a peppermint colored advertising icon . First literary digests , pulp fiction , and then the ubiquitous interactive talking walls peopled with idiotic families opiated a population that wanted ... indeed ... demanded immediate gratification . The state has no problem exerting control after that.A woman chooses to be immolated with her books . The book pyre lights the dark recesses of Montag 's kerosene soaked soul as he recounts the girl 's question ... are you happy Montag ? Montag begins a journey of self discovery as he steals a book.As a fugitive , Montag sees his unfortunate double killed on TV as he seeks refuge with outcasts in the forests surrounding the city he has escaped . The show must go on and the networks demand a good ending no matter what the cost . Montag 's wife betrays him after he confronts her and her friends with the question are you happy?The crumbling , oblivious society Montag protects is quickly flinging itself apart with suicide , abortion and mass ignorance about hostile foreign countries struggling with poverty . The introspective girl is run over by murderous joy riders ... later Montag narrowly escapes the same fate . Ever passing jets hearken of an incipient war.It is remarkable how time can make a book even more prescient than it once was . As I commute to work in Germany , I see the isolated and lonely crouched over social media and muffled into oblivion by large headphones while rocking gently to the train . When Bradbury wrote this book society was struggling with the implications of a new medium called TV . Newton Minow , FCC commissioner during the sixties , called TV the vast `` wasteland . '' How true and yet how understated today . Social media is not only an opiate but it is a source of monitoring making it far more ominous than TV or pulp fiction.It seems that the short attention span Montag enforced with his flamethrower served the same purpose as the `` newspeak '' - truncated language - that Orwell 's state in `` 1984 '' used to protect itself from accountability . The flamethrower state had it easy at the start , it just let the culture do the trick . The chatting idiotic wall families did the rest as Bradbury tells us in the book ... P 53 . There was no dictum , no declaration , no censorship , to start with , no ! Technology , mass exploitation , and minority pressure carried the trick , thank God .
 I admit I have never read this important book . Not even for school . Of course I knew what it was about because it is so iconic . A society where reading books is illegal and punishable . The way these criminal readers are punished ? Burn not only their books , but their entire houses . Eeek.The story takes place mostly in the head of the main character Guy Montag . He is a fireman in a dystopian , alternate society . Fireman are responsible for burning things that are dangerous , case in point , books . But Guy has an awakening of conscience after meeting Clarissa , his teenage neighbor , who asks him questions that he is now forced to think about whether he likes it or not and after a woman decides to burn with her books.The story is a great deal of Montag 's thoughts as he deals with his new views . They are written as a stream of conscience and there is very little container , although I could see the little house where he and his wife lived and his neighborhood and even the woods where he sought refuge . Some of the details were confusing to me at times , but they did n't take away from the context of the story.Bradbury 's style is staccato and reminded me of the militant society in which the story took place . This made for powerful thoughts and ideas . It is emotional and sometimes just downright heartbreaking.The narrator is good , but I felt his voice and language a bit forced at times . I also think that for me , an audio book was the way to go for Fahrenheit 451 . I 'm not sure I would have been able to get out of it what I did had I been reading it myself.I ca n't say I enjoyed this book , but I 'm glad I gave it a try . I find myself thinking about that alternate world , a world without books because different ideas are dangerous , because different views lead to trouble . Burn out anything that is politically incorrect or the least bit offensive and soon you have a sterile setting . In this world , only being entertained and pursuing pleasures are encouraged . The pursuit of philosophy will just make people unhappy because they will see how unfair life is.I like the character Clarissa , the young girl who had her mind and her eyes open . She is innocent and represents that in the way she asks questions and daydreams and wonders . I thought the wife Millie interesting because although it is apparent that she is unhappy , that she is aware something is wrong with this existence , she shuts it away and pretends everything is fine.I liked afterward by Bradbury who talks of editing and likens it to the reasons given in his book . He quotes `` There is more than one way to burn a book . '' He also wrote a play re-visiting the characters of F-451 and said the one who revealed the most is Baty , the Fire Chief . Baty , it turns out , in this play has thousands of books . BUT , he never reads them . The law states you can not read them , but it does n't state you can not have them . He diabolically lets them die because they are never read.This was n't the easiest book to get through for me , but it is an important one that everybody , especially book lovers , should give a try .
 I 've known the title for a while and with the recent death of the author decided to finally read the book ; very glad I did . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' explores a society without books - hard for me to imagine so I 'm grateful that Bradbury did . On display is a war torn society where massive wall sized televisions take the place of reading and in-depth human engagement . A society populated with a disempowered citizenry , some unwilling to think for themselves , others unable not to . For me , the book is , at its core , a tale of resistance ; demonstrated by Montag 's instinctive urges to find out more about the history of book burning and the subsequent actions he undertakes to change things . If resistance is at the core , a collective unconsciousness and apathy are the rings that contain it . Throughout the novel Bradbury contends that the state of affairs is not something that was forced upon the people by a Big Brother apparatus ; the people simply allowed it happen . They did n't put up much of a fight at all , being too distracted by the pursuit of happiness to realize the erosion of freedom . Collective memory and its importance in sustaining a viable future plays a large role in the novel and reinforces the notion that what we do n't remember we 're bound to repeat . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a superb read ; its classic status solid . I 'm not sure if it remains on many high schools ' reading lists but this is one that stands the test of time . Engaging , well written and aptly imagined ; highly recommended !
 This was one of the only books I was forced to read as a child in school that I truly loved . I love to read but I find I often hated the books selected by schools for children to read . Considering how dull most of the literature is that children are made to read in high school it tends to make me wonder how I , and others , maintain our love of literature.But Ray Bradbury 's world and his writing style kept me hooked and made me a fan over fifteen years ago and I am still a fan of his work now . I am saddened that he is gone now but his writing will love on forever as he was our generation 's H. G. Wells.This book was surprisingly accurate to the world of today , to political correctness run rampant , to the opressiveness of censorshhip , and to our shallow obsession with better technology . This is one book that will never truly be antiquated . Read it , understand it , and appreciate it .
 I read this book for the first time 40 years ago ; in High School . Since Mr. Bradbury just recently passed on , I had to read it again.It was just as awesome now as it was then . Sincerely , Roy A. Powers
 In an alternate time line Guy Montag is a fireman . Instead of putting out fires he starts them . In a day when all houses are fire proof one must take different measures if they wish to get rid of things that the government bans . He and the fire department are in charge of making sure everyone follows the rules . This means no books , and those who have books must be punished . Guy Montag enjoys starting fires to burn the houses with books . He enjoys the heat , the smell of kerosine . He does not question the reason why he must burn the books he just does it , until he meets a 17 year old girl who moves in next door to him and a professor who no longer teaches but hides in fear like everyone else . The girl is different and she makes him think about the world around him and how it got to be the way it is.I really enjoyed listening to this the descriptions were amazing . There is nothing like a good book burning when described with such beauty . This is the first Ray Bradbury book I have heard/read . I have to admit I 'm surprised I did n't find him sooner . Guy Montag is an interesting man who starts out just like everyone else in the book he does n't think for himself . He does n't love . He does n't feel anything . The world Bradbury creates is so like our own yet so different . I wonder if we are moving towards a world like the one in Fahrenheit 451 or if books will survive in this area of immediate pleasure . The characters in here were vibrant and full of life until the very end . The mechanical hound with eight legs is such a strange hound we wonder how it can be a hound . The fire engine named after the mythical salamander that breathed fire is such an interesting image . I do n't imagine wheels but legs that crawl down the roads to start the next fire and then back to the station . I would recommend this to anyone that likes science fiction , it is a vibrant colorful book .
 I had to read this book for school and LOVED it !!! If you like distopian or sci-fi ish stories , you 'd probably enjoy it too . It was written back in 1953 but if you compare the events to modern times , today 's society is n't too far off . Makes you wonder if that 's what will soon happen to us ...
 If there is one book that you read in high school that you should read again later in life , this is it . In fact , I 'm inclined to think that it should n't be taught until at least college because there is simply no way that any child in high school can truely appreciate this amazing novel . Whether you hated it or loved it when you read it in high school , or even if you did n't read it in high school , it is an outstanding story and Bradbury 's writing is as smooth and clean as always .
 This slim little novella is a rollicking story about Guy Montag , a `` firefighter '' of the future who loves his job . His job is not to put out fires , but to set them . Montag and his comrades burn books for a living . It does n't matter what type of books , they have all been targeted for incineration . Apparently , in the America of Guy 's time , the people , and especially the government , have decided that books are a bad deal . Books make people think and agonize over choices , which is a bad thing . The real goal of society should be happiness for everyone . Since no one can be happy if they are always worrying about things they read , the solution is clear . Unfortunately , many people seem to have a problem with this , at least on a subconscious level . Suicides in Guy 's world are sky high , so high that they have special teams of medics go around and suck pills and other nasty poisons out of the people who have decided they do n't want to live anymore . The government does try to placate the masses through mind numbing television and radio shows -LRB- see Guy 's wife , Mildred -RRB- . People that refuse to go along with the program are sent away , or worse . Guy wakes up when he meets a young neighbor who turns him on to the way of experiencing life . Guy eventually rebels and ends up as part of a group who memorize books to preserve them for future generations.I 'm leaving out lots of details to the book with this description . After all , I do n't want to spoil the whole thing for you . What seems to be more important about this book is its value to today 's world . Although written years ago , some of Bradbury 's details are amazingly prescient . The omnipresence of television and other means of electronic control certainly ring true today . Also , the censoring of books continues unabated even now , with every type of group clamoring for some type of control over what the rest of us read . Certainly , burning books of every sort could n't be far away . Since most people read nothing but pap these days anyway , I can imagine Plato and Milton going up in flames soon enough . Who wants to read that boring stuff when you can watch TV or go to a movie ? Soon after this comes what Bradbury refers to as , `` the tyranny of the masses . '' If enough people do n't want to do something , you better jump on the bandwagon too . Try going to work and speaking out against multiculturalism and see what happens . Throw out your TV set and tell people about doing so . You 'll be branded a freak and avoided like the plague . People are cattle , plain and simple . Bradbury does seem to have some hope for our sorry condition , as can be seen at the end of the book . However , getting to that state will take some time , I 'm afraid .
 What would society be like if books were banned and burned ? Eventually people would lose the ability to think for themselves and they would lose control of their own lives . I 'm passive and a coward for the most part , but this book is a true call to arms to protect books at all costs if there is ever a movement to ban and burn . I liked Bradbury 's style , this book was a pleasure to read and will be a treasure to share with others . After reading this , do n't forget the lessons within . Books are vital , but as an avid reader you know that already . The key is to share the message with others . Happy reading ...
 Many writers have been called ahead of their time . Raymond Bradbury is a prime example of this . His novel , Fahrenheit 451 , is far and away the most original book this reviewer has ever read , not to mention one of the best written.Bradbury has a unique style which allows the reader to picture the story in their mind in the style of a David Fincher movie . Chuck Palahnuk , author of Fight Club , shares this same quality.The most striking aspect of Fahrenheit 451 is by far its plot
 I hate science fiction books.So why am I giving this book 5 stars ? Because it 's simply wonderful , that 's why . You wo n't get that feeling from the first couple pages , but if you stick with it , I swear , you will . The end of the book is best . The thoughts that Bradbury puts into his character 's minds are so beautiful , sharp , and alive . I guess I like this book because even though it is supposively sci-fi , it 's REAL too . The emotions are real , and even the setting & society are familiar . It 's wonderful . I started out hating it . Do n't give up on it ! Keep reading . I 'm a sophomore in high school ... but everyone , regardless of age should read this .
 I am currently reading this book for high school . This review is to all you kids out there aswell as parents and interested buyers . THIS BOOK IS ALOT BETTER THEN YOU THINK . Parents who are trying to get their kids to read this , tell them about my review . I agree with `` a reader from Washinton , USA '' . It is similar to the Giver . The book may start out slow in the beginning but as the story starts to unfold it becomes fast paced and fun to read . It has its `` whats going to happen next '' moments . Its about a Fireman named Guy Montag . He isnt the normal fireman . Now fireman are used to start fires . They burn books , but not only that , they burn the houses that they are in and people that they are with . Montag loves his job . He enjoys seeing the books go up in flames . But he meets a girl , his new neighbor , Clarisse McClellan . She is a strange girl with crazy ideas in her head . But he learns from her . He thinks . For once in many years he thinks . Montag steals a book from a house that he must burn . He now realizes burning is not the way.Ok . Recommend it as a school reading book , not as a free time reading book . That just wont work . Let your kid pick their own freetime reading book . They wont enjoy a book if their parents try to force them into reading it . I 'm a kid so I would know , and please , dont try to argue . The book is a fun book to read as a school book for a book report , reading log , summer reading log or things like that .
 IN this story , moralist Ray Bradbury tells us about a country in which books are illegal to read or posses , and firemen are n't employed to save houses , but to burn books . Guy Montag a fireman , and the story 's protagonist , enjoys coming home every night form the firehouse waiting for a call , playing poker and telling crude jokes to his companions -LRB- who all looked exactly like him -RRB- . He also enjoys the destruction and burning of the books and he is constantly bathed in a perfume of kerosene . Coming home form work he would often feel as if someone had been on this one particular corner , waiting for him , but he never stopped and looked around . He was like all the other folks , in that he would just keep going ahead to where he was going , not looking at what he was walking past . Except one night he stopped and met a girl who taught him of the past where folks were allowed to think and to read and to have original ideas for themselves , and the ability to write them down and share them with others . As the story progresses we go deeper into the world of Guy Montag , meeting his drug-abusing wife and her `` family '' on the telescreens . We discover the ways that the society works , about how people are impersonal , not knowing their own neighbors , and how the television thinks for everyone so that they do n't have to . This book parallels other books depicting futures where it is near impossible to be a free-thinking individual , such as 1984 and brave new world . Also it resembles present day America , even more so now then when it was originally written . Ray Bradbury 's easy to read , yet descriptive text makes the story easy to read and hard to put down . The plot thickens , twists and sickens with every page . It is a warning that everyone , especially now in a world that grows more and more like Mr. Montag 's , should heed to .
 I read this book in two days , and was focused throughout , inhaling Bradburys words and letting the book have its effect on my mind.What the book is missing in a THICK plot it gains in its writing style . Bradbury is simply a literary genius , and post-modern Marxist environments are his playground . The way that Bradbury depicts the forest which Montag enters after leaving the river is extremely surreal , if not surrealism in its nature.What I mean by `` What the book is missing in a THICK plot , '' is that Bradbury could have developed the story in a more progressive fashion , rather than leaving out some important aspects of Montag 's world . The overall politics of the time in which this is supposed to take place are not even present in the novel . The way in which the society went from not being interested in books , to burning them also seems to be under-expressed . Criticizing an artist is something that I have a hard time doing , for when a writer writes , he writes , and that is all . Bradbury wrote , and this book is him , with its perceived flaws and all , I think that it is a masterpiece in a poetic sense , not in the sense that it has become a staple of highschool literature.I will put it this way , if you like the colorful environments of Allen Ginsbergs poetry , then you will surely enjoy at least the aesthetic qualities of Fahrenheit 451 .
 Only Bradbury 's prose , terrifying and lovely , could bring this story to its rightful place as a literary masterpiece . His narrative of Dystopian society , distressing in its reality , reflects not only the lunatic consumerism of Western nations but the fallacy of freedom in a democracy . The hero , Guy Montag , wanders from uneasy fireman to eventual pariah ; the discovery of something larger than himself , the wisdom of centuries contained within the very books he doused with flame , ignites his drive to discover that the world has far more to offer than bread and circuses . Moving like a ghost through his own home , ignored by a self-focused wife addicted to narcotics and electronic stimulus , Montag is painfully aware of the void between himself and the masses . This loss of intimacy , both within one 's personal life and again in that most intimate of contact -- reading another 's thoughts from an open book -- is the harbinger of man 's fall from enlightenment . The world of Guy Montag does not begin upon opening this dark wonder , and there is no prophecy in its pages . The story is alive , here , now , and has been since the onslaught of corporate propaganda and our apathetic acceptance of plastic culture . Bradbury 's subject is not that we are advancing into intellectual oblivion ; it is , instead , that mankind is complacent enough to let it happen .
 Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' describes a society where knowledge is controlled by book-burning ` firemen ' . This government-implemented censorship starts as ` political correctness ' -- upset people deface controversial books . Then government decides to pacify society by simplifying education and eliminating books . Noncontroversial interactive televised plays replace books as entertainment , neighbors inform on neighbors possessing books , and firemen incinerate houses containing books.Guy Montag , a fireman , meets a young woman who chides him for living but not experiencing life . Guy examines his life . His relationship with his wife Mildred is remote and cold -- they have nothing in common . -LRB- Mildred spends * all * of her time in the ` living room ' , a room with an interactive television screen covering each of three walls . Mildred sleeps in a separate bed with ` seashell ' radio earpieces in her ears . -RRB- During one firecall Guy observes a homeowner herself light the firemen 's kerosene and then perish in the flames -- Guy can not understand the woman 's protest . And upon reflection Guy can not understand why books must be burnt . His attitude alienates his fellow firemen , who threaten and then arrest him . Guy escapes and seeks refuge in the countryside . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' somewhat resembles Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World '' and George Orwell 's `` 1984 '' . `` Brave New World '' uses eugenic control and the drug ` soma ' to pacify society . `` 1984 '' uses ever-present surveillance , propaganda and torture to pacify society . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' simplifies education and bans books -LRB- i.e. , eliminates controversial thinking and discussion -RRB- , substitutes interactive television -LRB- e.g. , video games and the Internet -RRB- , and portrays neighbors as informants to be avoided -- everyone is isolated in their home . The `` Fahrenheit 451 '' societal portrayal seems less sinister , but it is easier to implement and therefore more dangerous.There * are * many similarities between `` Fahrenheit 451 '' society and today 's United States urban society . And `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a beautifully-written book suitable to read aloud . I highly recommend this book .
 Fahrenheit 451 is one of the most famous works of science fiction , and with `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' represents one of the most memorable and haunting dystopias . In a future world , books are banned and firemen actually set fires instead of extinguishing them . The state exercises a form of social control through controlling what sort of information people have access to . It turns out that not all books are banned , only those that we would today consider `` great works '' - Plato , Shakespeare , The Bible , Darwin , etc. . For me one of the biggest surprises about Fahrenheit 451 was the rationale that was offered for the burning of those books . In a nutshell , they offended politically correct sensibilities and the authorities felt that they would undermine the social cohesion . This expunging of the classics from the culture has an uncanny resonance with the attempts over past few decades to expunge them from the undergraduate liberal arts curriculum . And rationale is also similar
 *** This review may contain spoilers ** Readers -LRB- including myself initially -RRB- have praised Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- hereafter F451 -RRB- as an uncannily prophetic depiction of our current society and its alarming -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- future . Of course it is ; all futuristic novels ultimately are . With only the present as a frame of reference , science fiction writers almost always illustrate a future stunningly similar to what they are living in now , except for a few described technological , social , or legal `` advances '' purportedly made to keep society `` happy '' . Bradbury is no exception . In his future , books are illegal , banned , and burned because they `` confuse '' people and make people `` unhappy '' . However , F451 is not a simplistic treatise on how getting everyone to read again will automatically improve society . Professor Faber says as much to fireman-turned-protestor Guy Montag . In its way , F451 argues that creating a perfect personal utopia is an unrealistic and actually deleterious societal goal . Instead , I believe F451 argues that a continuous evolutionary improvement of society truly matters , and that can only occur with the perpetuation of thoughts and ideas.In Guy Montag 's society , people seek blissfull . sedentary , entertainment as life 's goal . Thinking , as exemplified through book readiing , threatens that goal . So firemen like Montag actually START fires at bibliophiles ' residences to stop those purveyors of literary thought . But not everyone has been lulled into hedonistic trances , like Guy 's `` media zombie '' wife Mildred . Clarisse McClellan was n't . Neither was Professor Faber . Both iconoclasts help develop Guy 's own latent dissatisfaction with society 's anti-intellectualism and keep ideas alive . His opponents are technology itself -LRB- symbolized by the Mechanical Hound -RRB- and society itself -LRB- as embodied - a bit artificially in my opinion , but still effectively , by Captain Beatty , Guy 's firehouse chief -RRB- . Dangerous and seductive as these enemies are , somehow Guy resists their tempting entreaties to forget this snobbish foolishness and preserve the stable status quo , and remain a subversive protestor.Guy escapes the sterile but deadly city and barely escapes annihilation as war presumably wipes out mankind . In the country , he encounters a group of displaced intellectuals and artisans led by Granger . It is Granger that explains that despite the inevitable destruction of a society that refused to develop any further , it is up to individuals to think , discuss , and plan to keep society going and evolving . He alludes to the myth of the phoenix that burns itself up every 500 years but resurrects itself from the ashes a little wiser . Furthermore , Granger explains the difficult , counterintuitive requirement that conveyers of ideas - books and men - are not really important . Books and men can be burnt , but not ideas . Men must become ambulatory books so that they can pass the information on to a new generation . Fireproof ideas must go on.Personally , F451 is an affirmation of the indispensability of liberal arts . Many have often denounced liberal arts as impractical , unproductive , and unrewarding . F451 demonstrates that is certainly not the case , even through the dichotomy of fire . Fire ignorantly left unchecked symbolizes extinction . Fire carefully banked up , fed , and distributed properly -LRB- as the mythological Titan Prometheus found -RRB- symbolizes knowledge that keeps society alive and growing .
 Received as a gift , the 50th anniversary edition has some very interesting extras including an afterword from Bradbury , a coda with additional comments from him , and a Q&A ; with Del Rey . Ray Bradbury is definitely one of the sci-fi masters from the 50s , and his interviews 50 years after the book is written demonstrate how much he believes that original works reflect the timeframe and mindset in which it was written - and more importantly that they should not be tweaked or edited to reflect changing values and mores.I was amazed at how prophetic his novel is , for it is clear that for many readers nowadays , a graphic novel is the only form of `` reading '' they have time for . He has his own version of bluetooth , interactive videos , how consuming TV has become , the short attention span of the public looking for instant gratification , and the ability of the press to provide their version of the `` truth '' . I think that reading this book again some 20 years after originally reading it has made this book even more memorable than when I was a teenager ! Every sci-fi fan should do themselves a favor and read this classic again !
 As Montag 's fire captain tells him , `` You ask why to a lot of things and you wind up very unhappy indeed . '' An important difference between this futuristic society created in 1953 and George Orwell 's world of 1984 is that Orwell 's government was top-down while all the minorities -LRB- of every race , color and creed -RRB- in Bradbury 's dystopia got together to burn everything that offended them . In this case , lack of tolerance for differing voices led to no voices at all -- democracy has eaten itself by misunderstanding itself .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a marvelous example of cautionary literature , exploring a future that was possible in 1953 and that while not yet realized , has only grown more possible with the passage of time . The advent of incredible technology and the resulting loss of attention span , individualism , and creativity is the most frightening aspect of the book not only because it corresponds to modern life , but because it results in self-censorship out of insecurity and fear . There are many more themes and motifs packed in this novel -- some subtle and frightening , others obvious but thought-provoking -- all of which are communicated masterfully by Bradbury 's prose and characterization.Bradbury packs a great deal of meaning into a relatively short book , and he explores many nuances of humanity from human nature itself to technology to knowledge to conformity . These themes are all interwoven such that they lose none of their potency ; they coexist perfectly and build upon one another to form a haunting picture of humanity . Throughout the novel this occurs with the principal character , Guy Montag , serving as the `` normal '' human viewpoint , and his interactions showing how human nature conflicts with technology , conformity , and itself . As the novel progresses we see numerous aspects of human nature arise within this character
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book written years ago , but one which still resonates today . Have you ever wondered what life would be like without books ? Or with the distribution of power blown out of proportion by the few people who can control the words ? This idea is one that Ray Bradbury explores in his science fiction story . Taking place in a future where books are banned , this book is written from the perspective of a fireman whose job is to burn books whenever they are reported , along with any uncooperative book owners . The fireman , Guy Montag is eventually confronted with the insanity of his society when he meets a teenage girl who vividly describes a time when people could read freely , and were unafraid of their own thoughts . When Montag then comes into contact with a professor , planning for a future where books would be allowed once again , Montag realizes and harnesses his desire to live in this future.Beatty , the fire chief , had just finished bombarding Montag with quotes from various books and poems that were unknown to the rest of the firemen . Montag 's feelings are unsettled after this incident , `` Montag 's head whirled sickeningly . He felt beaten unmercifully on brow , eyes , nose , lips , chin , on shoulders , on upflailing arms . He wanted to yell , `` No ! Shut up , you 're confusing things , stop it ! '' Beatty 's graceful fingers thrust out to seize his wrist '' -LRB- 107 -RRB- . This quote demonstrates one major theme of the book - the power of words . Beatty , unlike the firemen of lower rank , has had the privilege to read many books containing knowledge -- and therefore power -- because of Beatty 's ability to take the words out of context and make them support his own ideas . This theme also illustrates a tactic many leaders use to control and rule their followers - keeping the knowledge for themselves so that the followers are not think too much for themselves and possibly rebel.I connected with this book on several levels , including the plot and the deeper messages contained in the story . Bradbury 's choice to use Montag -- the book burner -- as the protagonist helps the reader understand the step-by-step transformation from mindless compliance with authority to independent thought and finally to a proactive decision that his society needed change . At first , I was surprised and even a little disbelieving at the ignorance of the citizens in the town ; but as the book progressed I became more captivated by the methods of the selfish and controlling leaders . In this way , Fahrenheit 451 reminds me of Animal Farm by George Orwell . In both books , the leaders have been granted surprising power by their submissive followers , a power that comes mainly from words . Both books also raise questions about how tyrannical leaders control their followers , as well as why and how followers might allow themselves to be controlled by these rulers . On a more simple level , Fahrenheit 451 is also a compelling story with strong characters and plot . In particular , Bradbury affected me with sensitive descriptions of Montag , including the relationship with his wife . This relationship was an effective method of personalizing Montage and giving dimension to his transformation from blind follower to a potential activist . Over the course of the book , we get to see just how much Montag has changed or perhaps we learn how different husband and wife always were.I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoyed Animal Farm by George Orwell or The Book Thief by Markus Zusak because of the authors ' similar abilities to blend powerful ideas , and set these themes inside strong plots .
 Upon reading this book , it occurred to me just how much it gets quoted . The reasons for all the quoting is because of its continued relevance in spite of its age.The novel depicts a future filled with censorship and the `` media '' telling everyone what to worry about - and the worries which have absolutely no consequence . Sound familiar ? A little too familiar . I dare say that we seem to be heading towards an age where ignorance is not merely bliss but that knowledge is loudly discouraged . I can only hope I 'm wrong.A great dystopian and a much deserved classic .
 In the world presented by Mr. Bradbury , books are illegal and all books here are from older times , people now hide and hoard them , and if someone is caught with books , their house is set on fire by firemen - the very same people that once prevented fires instead of starting them . Spare time is spent watching TV instead of reading , and the TVs are huge , taking up an entire wall . Some people try to have a TV room -LRB- TVs on all walls -RRB- for total immersion , which is what the main character 's wife wants even though they can not afford it all . Rather eye-opening and a appropriate commentary on books vs TV .
 First published in 1953 , when the hysterical Red Scares of McCarthyism were near their peak , Fahrenheit 451 is set in a world where books are all but banned and critical thought is suppressed . Nonetheless , the author , Ray Bradbury , received from President George , and Laura , Bush , the National Medal of Arts . This was on November 17 , 2004 , as the attack on `` scientism '' was getting into high gear , and the USA Patriot Act allowed the government to compel librarians to release their patrons ' borrowing records.The work was originally published in the second issue of Galaxy Science Fiction magazine . In an interview on the DVD , available separately , Bradbury claims that Fahrenheit 451 was his only work of science fiction . The central character , Guy Montag , is a `` fireman . '' In this disturbing vision of the future , firemen burn books . Books are all but banned by the government because they have `` conflicting ideas '' in them . Those ideas can make people feel bad . It is the government 's job to keep people happy , with drugs , television , and other entertainment . Does anyone still remember the term `` Happy Talk News ? Let 's keep it positive.The novel plays on the concerns of the time when it was written . Censorship and suppression of thought , mainly through intimidation , was being exercised in the United States . The intimidation was being done by radio and newspaper columnists , who supported McCarthy , who were as rude and ruthless as , say , Bill O'Reilly , on Fox News . The book burnings by Nazis , which started in Germany in 1933 and continued until the end of World War II , were still in living memory . And the world was still reeling from the horrible pictures of the explosions of nuclear weapons on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , as well as implications of the mass production of nuclear weapons.When the novel was released in book form , the publisher released a censored version that eliminated the words `` hell '' and `` damn '' for sales to schools . When Bradbury found out about it , he wrote an epilogue describing the censorship and his thoughts on `` well-meaning '' revisionism . The epilogue was published in some later editions.And I am sure that somewhere in Kansas , or Ohio , there is a school board that will not allow the novel in the library because of `` those words . `` Like Brave New World , Fahrenheit 451 , describes a hedonist world , where the people need not think . I 'll have my Valium now . And I have cable , so there must be something to watch . Maybe a rerun of Jerry Springer .
 Written by Ray Bradbury , Fahrenheit 451 is about a fireman whose job is not to put out fires , but to start fires . Guy Montag was a fireman and he enjoyed setting books , and the houses where the books were hidden , on fire . He never questioned the law that said that books were illegal ; he just excepted it . It was not until Montag met a young girl who told him about a time when books were legal and people enjoyed reading them that he began to wonder how the world came to be the way that it was . He wondered why people were afraid of books , and he also wondered why some people risk the chance of having their house burnt down in order to own a book . He wanted to learn why the world was the way that it was . He then met a retired professor that helped him to learn and to understand what society used to be like and what the future was going to be like . After hearing this , Montag knew what he had to do , but he was not exactly sure of how he was going to do it.One night walking home from work , Montag met a young girl , Clarisse . This chance encounter with this girl is one of the most significant moments of the book when the idea of the world being different in the past occurred to Montag for the first time . `` They walked still farther and the girl said , ` Is it true that long ago firemen put fires out instead of going to start them ? ' ` No . Houses have always been fireproof , take my word for it . ' ` Strange . I heard once that a long time ago houses used to burn by accident and they needed firemen to stop the flames . ' '' After this conversation , Montag begins to think . He begins to wonder if this girl who he just met is telling the truth and if he can believe her . This moment stages the rest of the entire novel , and Montag continually comes back to his conversations with Clarisse , like this one , that made him look at society and the past differently.Bradbury 's unique ability to create worlds , address important universal themes , and evoke an emotional response in his readers makes him one of the best science fiction writers of our time . For Bradbury each sentence is an important building block that supports his creation without extraneous words and unnecessary frills . For example , note how completely Bradbury conveys the character 's mood to the reader with his tight prose in the following quote
 I really enjoyed this book because of all the suspense it has to offer and just the fictitious setting in the near future . Montag , the main character in this book is a firefighter , but he is not your average firefighter . Firemen now start fires instead of putting them out ; and they fuel the fires by burning books.This book has a very futuristic setting to it . People watch television on screens that are as big as the walls because books have been outlawed because the higher authorities were becoming offended by what was said in them . Therefore , soon it was impossible to write something without offending a person , which made literature dull and all the same . The world is going through very harsh times , there have already been a couple of wars since 1990 . Montag is fed up with life until he runs into an open minded younger girl named Clarisse . She is different from most people at the time with a passion for nature and a love for other people . After Clarisse dies , Montag begins to turn to books for answers as to why they are being burned . Montags firechief Beatty finds out and gives Montag 24 hours to read as much as he wants . Montag will later find out that his wife betrays him because she is disgusted that he is reading and leaves him . Beatty orders Montag to burn his own house then places Montag under arrest only before Montag turns and burns Beatty alive.Montag then has to escape the law from a mechanical hound that is out to get him . In the end , Montag joins up with a group of `` book people '' that have memorized great literary pieces and are basically outlaws on the run . He stays with them and helps to rebuild society.When i got done reading this book i was very surprised to think that this is the way society is slowly becoming . Many more things are being censored now for fear of being chastized then in previous times . Kids nowadays are also much lazier and much less reading is being done by newer generations . This book , although fictitious , still shows what a world without books could do to a society .
 throughout the novel , you are exposed to many different thingS comparing to our world to this books words . the main character Guy is a firemen and his job in this world is to burn books that they find among the people . This book repersents the amount of learning that the people will be doing in the future of our county it tv will keep going as it is . the book is a good book it has the posibility of telling people what we will come to if we stop reading . There are factors that leading to the general lack of interest in reading and factors that make people actively hostile toward books . Nature is presented as a force of innocence and truth with one of the characters.Blood appears throughout the novel as a symbol of a human being 's repressed soul or primal , instinctive self . Montag often feels his most revolutionary thoughts welling and circulating in his blood . thsi book kept me interested un till the end because you did not know what crazy thing was goin to go on next .
 I Like this book . It was a good book . A wounderful imagination Bradbury has , lots of idias , incredible infact.The books main character is a fireman , but he actually starts fires ! The Fireman burn books becuase books are now illigal in the year 2000 somehting . THis fireman meets a strange girl and starts him to realize that things ar n't good.It is a good , short book . Becuase of its size I would say it is worth reading , only 100 or so pages . But the actuall writing of the book is not so good.Bradbury has an amazing story , a great one , but he does n't know how top wright based on one word `` was '' . That word makes a good story seem boring , long , and like `` how many mnore pages ? Boy this sure is a good book ! '' Even though You can enjoy a book it may be boring to read . Instead of using WAS a good author will just say what they do.Jhonny WAS feeling sad . He HAD made a sanwich for himself and WAS now eating it . THe Sanwhich WAS filled with delicous flavors , and replenshid his strenthvrs.Feeling sad , Jhonny walked over to the counter and quickly made a sanwich for himsef and began to eat it . THe sanwhich tasted great , filled with delicous flavors replinished his strength.THe was makes it seem boring and without it feels like you are there in the storyBradbury uses the WAS.Bewsides this It is a very good book . For some people it annoys them to have all of these WASs but for others it is fine . However I do recomend this book , it has a great story scifi fan or not .
 Do you really want to read my review ? I doubt it . But if you are reading this I will actually type my opinion . WARNING
 The book that I am reading is called Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury and it is about a sheltered community who has banned books from the community to read . The problem is that there s always some one or people with a little bit of curiosity to find out what is out there beyond their whereabouts and what is in the outside world . In this town the fireman are paid to burn books and this keeps everyone the same , happy , and not wanting/wishing to leave their perfect town and go search new surroundings.I think that this was a great book to read . It kept me on the edge and scared for what was going to happen next for the main character . Like when Montag 's boss came to his house while he was reading a book and he hid the book but while he was talking to his boss , his wife was cleaning and almost found the book . I got really scared for him but I could help but think it was really strange that the firemen burned books to shelter the people . But what they do n't know ca n't hurt them . Right?I think that Fahrenheit 451 is a book mostly for the teenage mind because littler kids would n't understand why the people had to be blinded from the outside world and such . This would be very interesting to read for the more mature age in high school . It would go over a lot better in their minds .
 I just read `` Farenheit 451 '' for the first time recently , and found many of the observations about censorship quite relevant . However , as a science fiction story , what may have been riveting in the early 1950s seems a bit tame by today 's standards . Particularly interesting is Bradbury 's vision of the evolution of television , which of course was still in its infancy at the time he wrote the story . The idea of a room in which the visual image surrounds you on all sides sounds a projection screen TV owner 's fantasy . Bradbury 's vision of a totalitarian society is as scary as anything out of `` 1984 , '' but ultimately Bradley was mistaken in believing that television could pacify the masses for totalitarianism . In fact , instant communications has made a totalitarian government , which relies on total control of information , less likely . The book is brief , checking in at a quickly read 160 pages . And this edition features a couple of scenes Bradbury wrote later on that were not featured in the original novel .
 The Firemen of tomorrow do not put out fires anymore ... . they START them . This story about a fireman doubting his job is absolutely riveting . Guy Montag thought he was happy . Then a girl named Clarisse came onto the scene . Her sudden disappearance and/or death leads to his unsettlement . When his wife , Mildred turns him in , he must burn his own house . He finds hope with a group of shabby old professors . Ray Bradbury must have been psychic to write a book that hits this close to home . Who knows , Fahrenheit 451 may be the future . This book is a MUST for children to read in the classroom .
 This novel portrays the abuse of technology , and how it can permanently alter society in traumatic ways . Fahrenheit 451 is one of Ray Bradbury 's most influential masterpieces . It has the power to change your `` mindset '' on our world , and , basically , your idea of the `` fate '' of our species .
 Read this book.The plot is amazing . If you are into real indepth thoughts and plots then you will like this book.Oh and hi Miss Hill !
 My name is Antwone and I have just finished a very intresting sci-fiction novel . This book by Ray Bradbury , Fahrenheit 451 is eye catching . It 's an easy read and wo n't take you a long time to read it . Bradbury 's writing style is very compelling in nature . He depicts a futuristic society where the government controls everything . In this book he tells the story of a man -LRB- Guy Montag -RRB- that works for the government . He is a fireman who gets paid not to put fires out but to start them . In the society that Bradbury builds , the job of a fireman is to burn all books . The government feels that books make people anti-social and is the reason why there are so many problems with people in their world . Guy Montag upon many events in the book starts to struggle with his on self . He starts to find a new found love for books in which he is intrigued by . He struggles with this throughout the book . He is disregarded by his comrads and they are displeased with his change in attitude . Throughout the book the heat gets intense as Guy struggles with his own feelings . The government is on the look for him and out for his arrest . Will he survive ? or Will he fall under the governmental society ? Hope you read it and find out . This is a great read an will give you a deeper feeling of what to think about in the future . This book will give you an greater insight on what may and could happen in the future . So if you like intense heat give Fahrenheit 451 a try and see if you can stand the heat.Happy Reading
 I found this book to be an extremely eye-opening work of art . Without giving away the plot , I will tell you that if you 're of even average intelligence you will enjoy this book . By the way , you may have read an earlier review by a guy named Brewster . . just read the book and you 'll see how he 's a classic example of the society in this book !
 This is a great book . Ray Bradbury accurately describes what happens when society starts to indiscrimanately censors things . It shows what many people think the world could end up like . Bradbury uses Fahrenheit 451 as a call for us to stop trying to get rid of things that do n't cause immediate gratification and realize that emotions are an important part of who we are as humans .
 I think that this book is a very interesting book because it has some very interesting characters . For instance Mildred , I think that she is a very brainwashed characte . My favorite part in this book would have to be when Montag is outrunning society . I like it because it shows in great detail what Guy is feeling , and seeing .
 I have never been too enthralled into science fiction to truly appreciate its genius and creative content . But with Fahrenheit 451 , I somewhat admire the genre to some degree . More than anything of course , i admire the novel , which is truly a work of genius and creativity . It took me less than 3 or 4 hours to read it because it was that good ! While reading it you ca n't help but feel a sense of so much irony because of the haunting aspect of a society and of a world where books are burned into ashes . But it 's also enlightening that yet , in that world , people like the inspiring Clarisse McClellan , Professor Faber , the `` Book People '' , Granger and other hopeful outcasts of society , as well as our hero , Guy Montag , can still have that hope and ambition to still keep that curiosity and passion for learning , not only from books , but from life in general . Reading this book overwhelmed me with all those allussions to Shakespeare , Plato , Plato 's Republic , Einstein , etc. , which embodied the foundation of our conscience in the history of world literature . This book is a quick read , and also an insightful book into a world that has to some extent become our modern society . You can have many twists to looking at this novel yourself . At the end , it 's so worth reading the WHOLE thing , and seeing it in different views to make you appreciate more in the power of literature .
 The book talks about a fireman and his group starting fires and burning books . They were trying to get rid of the past , they did not want to leave a trace of what happened before , they believed that the characters in the books never existed . That reading those books would only make us think and creat ideas that could harm us ... Montag `` the fireman '' meets Clarisse , his 17 year old neighbour , and that changes his life totally . She opens his eyes to things he never thought of before , she takes him back to simple feelings , and warns him about the future ... Montag tries with no luck to change that at home , but his wife `` Mildred '' is hooked on the sopa operas and reality TV . So he decides that something major has to be changed which takes him to do the unthinkbale with the help of Clarisse , and a professor ... Stick with the books , they will make you see things this world is trying to forget , ignore , and burn on purpose.Great book , read between the lines ...
 The book Fahrenheit 451 was a great book that I really enjoyed . This book takes place sometime in the future . It is a story is about a fireman , he is not a fireman that you and I think about ; instead of putting fires out he starts them . He is a book burner . Because in the society that he lives in books are outlawed and are to be burnt . There were four main characters in this story . The most important was Guy Montag . He was a tall black haired man that questions society and himself . He is a fireman that burns books for a living . He makes a lot of changes throughout the book buy the end of the book he is a wanted man . The next character was Clarisse McClellan she is a young girl that is not like everyone else . She is a free thinker she helped Montag get started on his journey . Montag 's boss is very important in the book . His name is Captain Beatty . He is a fat black haired man . He seems grumpy and he enjoys burning books . Towards the end of the book he is murdered . Professor Faber is an old professor that helps Motag learn about society and how it used to be . He is weak and can not act out what he wants to , so he and Montag act as a team . Mildred Montag is Montag 's wife . She is the perfect example of the rest of society . She believes that books are horrible and have nothing to offer . All she cares about is her family that was on T.V. and not much of anything else , just like the society she lived in.While reading this book I could relate to a couple of the characters . For example , Guy Montag questions his job and what he wants to do with his life . I have done this . So I quit my job and made the decision to go back to school . Another character is Clarisse she is outgoing and enjoys to be outside . I also enjoy going outside and I am always ready to try new things.I liked this book very much . It kept me interested the whole time . My favorite part is when Montag burns the other firemen and starts the chase to the river because it made me want find out if he was going to get caught . My least favorite part is when his wife called the fire alarm on him for hiding books in their house . As a result , Montag is forced to burn his own house.I would recommend this book to anyone that likes books about the future and what it holds for us . If you are young or old you will enjoy this book . It is a fast paced book with many exciting parts that will keep you reading and guessing the all the way to the end . If you have free time or need to do a book report go out and get a copy of Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury .
 this is a good book . buy it .
 Fahrenheit 451 is about a man Guy , Montag who questions why he is a fireman that burns books instead of reading them . The firemen of our society put out fires and help people , but the firemen of their society are futurist cops who burn books . The main character in the book is Montag Guy who is works for the `` fire department '' . Montag meets a women named Clarisse McClellan who changes his mind about what he does as a fireman . Montag runs into many problems after this , when he decides to change his mind to not burn books . Captain Beatty is Montag 's boss of the fire department , who eventually finds out that Montag is hiding something . Montag 's behavior creates problems for Montag that put his life at risk.Montag is my favorite character in the book because he is an exciting person that does a lot of interesting things . You do n't know what Montag will do next while he is on the run from the law.I compare my self to Montag because I remember when I was told what to do all the time . Just like Montag was told what to do by his society . Montag did not know that burning books is wrong because he had grown up in world that told him to it . Now that I am 18 years of age my parents ca n't tell me what to do anymore . It 's like I am responsible more now than ever . I can start my life and do what ever I like . Montag is trying to fight for his freedom by getting out of his society so he can start a brand new society which is just and fair.This is a great science fiction book that will keep you guessing all the way through the book . My favorite part in the book is when Montag is forced to burn down his own house while Captain Beatty is waiting for him outside . After that he is arrested by Beatty . Instead of giving up , he turns the flame thrower on Captain Beatty and burns Beatty to death . I loved this part because the hand exactly symbolize what Montag 's hands are doing to Captain Beatty-like they have a mind of their own . If I could change something in the novel it would be that Bradbury had more of the young women , Clarisse McClellan , because Montag talked to her a lot in the beginning of the book . I would have liked to see if there would be more of Montag and her interacting.I would recommend this book to people who like science fiction . I would also recommend this book to anyone who likes to read . This book really does get your imagination going ; I give this book two thumbs up .
 The message in the book is similar to that in `` 1984 '' and in the writings of Ayn Rand . At times the message seemed to be so `` in your face '' and I 'm certain that Mr. Bradbury would have been more subtle had he written it 10 or 15 years later .
 Ray Bradbury is typically a novelist you read as a child or an adolescent , much like Isaac Asimov or Arthur C. Clarke . For whatever reason , I never read Bradbury as a young man -LRB- other than a tiny handful of shorter pieces -RRB- , and I 've only recently decided to correct that omission . I thought I would begin with FAHRENHEIT 451 , which is easily Bradbury 's most famous work.Needless to say , this dystopian novel is quite impressive , and not just on the literary merits . What impressed me most was Bradbury 's scalding critique of modern-day society , with its ever-shortening attention spans and its addiction to a media that is both ever-present and dumbed-down . FAHRENHEIT 451 was written way back in 1953 , but it holds up beautifully . Many of its lessons are directly applicable to our multimedia age . Contrary to popular perception , this is a not a novel about state censorship , as much as it is a novel about how people willingly give up the power to think and reason for themselves . The books in FAHRENHEIT 451 are burned because the people demand it -- their increasingly rigid and shallow minds -LRB- both liberal and conservative -RRB- feel threatened by the ideas the books contain.FAHRENHEIT 451 is a short novel , one that lacks the literary style of a Margaret Atwood or even an Aldous Huxley . But it conveys its message quite powerfully , and it also success very well as a work of suspense . Not only is this book thought provoking , but it 's exciting to read.It 's rare when a `` classic '' novel exceeds my expectations , but FAHRENHEIT 451 by Bradbury accomplishes that feat . Based on my success with this book , I plan to read more of his work very soon .
 I purchased this book for my teenaged son to do an English class book report . He was impressed by the way the author was able to imagine the future considering this was written in 1953 . I do not recommend for under the high school level .
 This has been one of my favorate stories and thought it would be nice to have a audio version for travel . Mr. Bradbury 's voice is gruff and adds to the theme of the story , but also distracts . that is the only reason I did not give it a full 5 stars .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 takes a look into a futuristic where all books are banned , and simple things , such as being a pedestrian can get you arrested . The book was written around the end of World War II , and was probably influenced by Nazi Germany because of their effort to censor everything . The main character is named Guy Montag , who is a firefighter . He is not a typical firefighter that we would think of though , his job is burn books . His life changes one day after having a conversation with his neighbor , Clarisse McClellan , who asks him if he is happy or not . After this conversation he ends up on a wild journey that then leads him to fight to save the one thing that he used to destroy.This book has stood the test of time and is a true classic . It has been referenced to in many other books , TV shows , and movies since its publication in 1953 . Ray Bradbury does an amazing job of writing the novel , with numerous twists and turns . It had me on the edge of my seat while reading the book .
 Of course this book is written about the obvious theme , censorship , and many in this day smugly state how well it applies to the current administration . But by digging deeper , you also find a personal struggle within Guy Montag , who transforms from the book burner to reader . By using such an everyman character as Montag -LRB- even the name Guy suggests the usual Joe -RRB- , Bradbury avoids browbeating the reader with his ideals -LRB- in spite of the image of fire -RRB- , and gently helps the reader understand the beauty of the written word . This does in fact contrast with an image of big government controlling lives . It is personal , not necessarily political .
 Bradbury 's novel tells of the future . Not of the `` future '' more commonly seen in science fiction movies , but more of a society in the future . The main character of the book is Guy Montag , a fireman for the city . The firemen during this time do not have the same job as firemen today . These firemen burn books . They start fires instead of extinguishing them . In this society , books are illegal because people do not want to debate topics or feel what a character is feeling in a book . The primary form of entertainment for the society is large televisions called parlors . Some people , like Montag 's wife Mildred , depend upon these TV 's and the `` relatives '' on the programs for emotions . Montag and the other firemen 's job is to ensure that everyone is `` free '' from feelings.Guy Montag is a very dynamic character . At the beginning of the novel he accepts his society and his job , until one very influential character , Clarisse McClellan , crosses his path one night on his walk home from work . Until her disappearance , Clarisse shows Montag everything there is to enjoy outside of what society says you should enjoy . At the end of their first walk , Clarisse asks Guy , `` Are you happy ? '' Guy thinks and realizes that he is not . Guy is not the only person that realizes that they are unhappy . When he returns home he finds his wife to have committed suicide . He calls in an emergency and two handymen come with small machines and heal Mildred . The men say that these cases of attempted suicide are so common that the doctors do n't even bother to handle these cases anymore . This shows what how miserable everyone is in this society . Another influential part of Montag 's realization in the flaws of his civilization is when he burns a lady that refuses to leave her books . Montag tries to figure out why someone would sacrifice their life for a book . He decides to investigate how a book could cause someone to give up their life . He obtains a book and is able to hide from the fire chief , Captain Beatty . Montag starts to read one of the books that he has acquired , but is unable to understand it . He seeks the help of a retired English professor , Faber . Montag and Faber agree to try and save society by destroying the firemen . Montag eventually joins a group of rebels against the unhappy society , but before they have a chance to act on the city , a bomb is dropped on the city . This gives Montag and his group a chance to rebuild the once damaged society .
 it 's just amazing.aside from that , i have a leather bound edition signed by ray bradbury himself , seeing as how he 's my good friend 's godfather.and yeah.it 's one of the greatest science fiction novels ever written-truly a masterpiece .
 Thise book is very interstive and creative . I think Bradbury have a dream about the future.I read this book for my science-fiction class `` Fahrenheit 451 '' It is such a nice book , but He must rewrite it because there are some places that have a things information in the book . For example ; montage said he had been a fireman for 6 years at begning of the book , but there is a place on the book that saiys he had been a fire man for about ten years . Overall you should read thisbook if you like science-fiction book . I made a new cover and a movie poster for thise book ; it is realy fun to read the boook you like.I am 8 Gradeand .
 It saddens me to see that some people gave this masterpiece such bad reviews , but it also frightens me , for our present has become the future Bradbury wrote about in F451 . I will admit that the book can be confusing , but I will argue that it is intentionally so , and any ` loose endings ' Bradbury has left were left in to make you think about the possibilities . I absolutely adore this book , and am at a complete loss for words to express how much I admire the author for writing it .
 I read this novel when I was in the 7th grade and found it wonderful . If you like sci-fi or just Bradbury than this will be a great book for you . I am only in 8th grade and recomend this to anyone with an imagination . I loved this book so much I am going to buy a copy of it .
 This book is one of the best I have ever read . The people who reviewed it poorly actually help show why its so important.Their comments about how they were forced to read agianst their wishs parell completely with the books theme . The books view that `` books were banned because they made people think , when they did n't want to '' is proved to be much more prevelant now that it was in the 1950 's . If you love books , bradbury , and have the ability to think then this is a good book for you .
 Ray Bradbury 's book , Fahrenheit 451 is actually a pretty good book . I read it in seventh grade and I recommend it to anyone who likes books . Fahrenheit 451 has a very captivating plot and is pretty well written , but at some parts it got extremely confusing , especially at the part when Guy Montag 's wife took too much drugs or something like that . I read that part over 50 times and I still did n't get it until I had to asked my brother .
 This book was very interesting to read . This was my first time reading about the issue of censorship . I had recently wrote an essay about censorship and with the help of this book clearly made it easier for me to understand the issue better .
 I have previously read other book by Ray Bradbury , and it is true to say that I enjoyed this one the most . I do n't really enjoy reading , but this book made me realize , maybe I should start . We were forced to read this book in school but , I did n't mind so much . This book really makes you thin of what the worls might become if we do n't take action now . Technology will eventually get out of hand , and then we will need people like Granger to help us get our society out of the dilemma . I think everyone should read this book . Sure there are some boring parts where I found myslef falling asleep , but I recommend it to all ages .
 I ca n't say enough about how good this book is . To you who were forced to read it or think it sucks or could n't understand it
 I thought this book was going to be great since it is always on the teachers ' lists of recommended readings . But I felt the story went a bit slow for me . The first half of the book , was not very interesting and it was a little confusing . But in the second half of the book the story really picks up . I would only recommend this book to people who like science fiction .
 Plenty of people have said how good this book is , so I 'm not going to go on and on . Instead , I will oly say that the so called `` loopholes '' of this story are so stratigically placed to force the reader to thnk . Example
 I happened to only hear of this book a few weeks back when i read an article about ` Farenheit 9/11 ' . They mentioned how the title was taken from this book , and it mentioned how this book is about how in the future , firemen burn houses instead of put out fires . It mentioned about this fireman , Guy Montag , who meets a girl but then she vanishes . And in this day of age , their tv parlour , is his wife 's family . I was pretty interested in the book and bought it soon after.A week after , and ive completed the short novel based on three short stories . I really liked it a lot , and there are lots of things which , even though this was written in 1953 , that are similar to whats going on these days . There was one paragraph , where Montag says about America attacking countries for no reason . Now what does that remind you of ? The whole book is Montag journey in discovering what books really are , how much of an inpact they have on people , and the truth.Overall , i would recommend this book . Its a very deep book , that makes you think about whats going on these days .
 What if the Nazis had won WWII ? Would the world change for the better , or worse ? Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury deals with a society controlled to the point where firefighters and firemen are used to start fires in the middle of the night . Animals are no longer living , but programmed machines , and thinking out of the ordinary is considered blasphemous . This is the exact type of lifestyle the Nazis would have enforced . Guy Montag , a fireman , questions these ethics after a book burning at an old woman 's house goes terribly wrong . This incident inspires Guy to question his type of life and the government 's thinking . As society and the fire chief catch on to Guy 's unorthodox behavior , Guy finds himself a target by society and the hunt for his life begins.The setting of this book is very difficult to follow . Ray Bradbury does a poor job of showing or even telling where the story takes place , and what the date is . Because of this , you find yourself wondering throughout the piece about simple things like where Guy is and the city he lives in . However , this sketchy plot gives you the sense that the city could actually be anywhere , which seems to be the goal of Ray Bradbury . When he first reveals to you that the city in which Guy lives is called City , it makes you wonder where in fact this story takes place . You do get clues about the type of lifestyle people live , like TV 's in every household that are the size of whole walls , and the mechanical pets that are in each household . When reading this book I found myself picturing where I thought Guy was . So this was an effective way of writing to me . When Ray Bradbury describes Guy 's wife driving on an isolated road in a forest , running over small mechanical animals at will , you know that the area must be in an area that has a temperate climate like Europe.I believe that a major fault in the book would be the main character Guy Montag . Guy pretty much has two personalities
 This book takes place in a futuristic society -LRB- around 2500 probably -RRB- . It was written in 1950 and many of the predictions Bradbury made back then are happening right now . It really is scary when you think about it.Guy Montag is n't a regular fireman . His job is n't to put fires out but to burn houses with books in them . In Bradbury 's futuristic society books are illegal . People who read them are called crazy and usually put in an asylum . Montag really loves his job and has fun doing it , until the day that he meets a girl named Clarisse . Clarisse is n't like other people - she likes to smell flowers , to climb trees , and to talk and think , which is n't something most other people care about . In this society , people watch their TVs , go to work , and sleep . No one talks , no one thinks ... Clarisse starts Montag thinking , `` What do books say ? Why were they banned ? '' . I ca n't say much about the plot because I 'd be giving away a lot of interesting things about the book but I can say , you wo n't be disappointed . The book is guaranteed to make you think , and keep you up all night until you finish it .
 Despite not being that familiar with Sci-Fi literature , I am learning to love it . In this book , Bradbury creates a powerful , disturbing imagery to ilustrate his distopia , which has bone-chilling similarities with our days . A must-read , even for those who are not Sci-Fi lovers . Why did n't I five-stared ? Well , I did n't like the style so much , it could be more concise . Someone said that writing is the art of eliminating words , rather than adding them .
 Great book that may be more relevant today than when the author wrote it . I cancelled my cable TV while reading the book , which has saved me money and provided more time to spend with my Kindle : -RRB-
 Let me preface this review with the statement that I was supposed to have read this book years ago , when I was still an English Major and for some reason or not I never got to it . I now understand why it is considered a must read and classic . Its a great book with such insight to our culture that I now regret greatly not reading it sooner .
 I 've read this book twice and it 's a true classic . Of course , if you believe the world of `` WALL-E '' , then some day we 'll have all our reading done for us aloud by a computer .
 I got this book to read as a part od the Nerdfighter summer book club , and I am so glad that I bought it . This book is amazing . It is incredible to think that this book was written over 50 years ago and Ray Bradbury pretty much predicted the decrease in book sales and increase in television viewers . This book is awesome and one of the best books I have ever read . It has completely changed the way that I read books and has increased my appreciation for the written word . I highly recommend this book to every single person who is able to read honestly .
 I recently decided to go back and read some of the books that I was forced to read back in high school . I was not the avid reader back then that I am today -LRB- sixteen years later -RRB- so I wanted to compare what I thought of them then to now . I decided to start with Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 because it 's a relatively short read and because I remembered it being one of the books that I actually enjoyed in high school.I thought I remembered the book being a warning about government power and censorship and while those are certainly addressed at some level in the book , after reading it again now I realize that this book is equally about the dangers of mindless entertainment and about allowing ourselves to forget what it 's like to think for ourselves . I could n't help but laugh as I read the interactions between Montag and his wife . While she 's hopelessly lost in her shows , I kept picturing her watching `` Teen Mom '' and `` The Kardashians '' . There were some exchanges that got to be a little difficult to get through while Guy argued with himself . The dialogue got choppy and hard to follow . Aside from that , the book stands up remarkably well even after six or seven decades . The last few pages of dialogue between Montag and Granger are both meaningful and beautifully written . I hope this book continues to be required reading for kids in school . It 's teaches a valuable lesson ... one that we need to be reminded of . Kudos to Mr. Bradbury .
 Item was exactly as described and was shipped very quickly . We 're very happy to add this book to our collection .
 This is an amazing book . I decided to read it when I found out that Mr. Bradbury had passed away.Even though it 's supposed to be fiction , it seems way too familiar , since unfortunately there are so many people who prefer wasting their lives doing unimportant things rather than spending their time reading.I highly reccomend it .
 This book is as timely as it ever was . Even though it was written in the 50s , Bradbury nails modern day technological advances including MP3 players and big-screen 3-D TV . Books are outlawed - but the masses have stopped reading them anyway . Gripping and viable !
 In Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , the author creates the setting of a future in which books are illegal . In fact , if someone is found with a book in their possession , the fire department will burn their `` fireproof '' house down . The story is told from a man named Guy Montag 's perspective . Montag works for the fire department , meaning he burns books for a living . In his world , people are expected to deal with their problems by watching television or driving 100 mph while hitting everything that gets in their way or putting `` shells '' in their ears to drown out their thoughts ; people are not expected to think in his world.However , Montag begins to question the world he lives in after he meets a rather peculiar young girl named Clarisse . She is different than the rest of the people around her
 esta novela de corte futurista , nos muestra un futuro dominado por la cultura de la mass media controlada por un gobierno central que prohibe e inhibe lo mejor de cada ser humano , el derecho de discernir , de pensar , de estar en desacuerdo , de estar tristes al compas de una novela , a quedarnos boquiabiertos con un tratado de filosofia.en la sociedad que describe Bradbury , los bomberos se dedican a apagar la sed de curiosidad de los seres inquisitivos , se dedican a quemar libros para que la gente no pueda tener acceso a la informacion y que jamas salgan de su pobreza mental y de su atraso , pues quien controla la informacion , controla al pueblo . es una obra excelente de lo que tal vez podria ser en un futuro no muy distante.LUIS MENDEZ luismendez@codetel.net.do
 Art imitating life ? One need only contemplate the depths of political correctness to see the coming new order . Utopian societies are hellish and brutally banal at the same time . Like Jerry Furland 's terrifying novel `` Transfer - the end of the beginning '' , Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' delivers a message and a vision of the future that is bleakly horrifying . You will devour both of these fine novels in a sitting . Guaranteed .
 I thought that story of farhrenheit 451 was a very good book but yet it was very confusing in some parts . The plot behind the book is very simple to me but the hole basic story is kinda wierd , maybe because its written in such a theretical that sometimes I just get lost . Anyway the story is about a fireman named Guy Montag who burns books in the future . throuhout the story he is incounterd with a little girl who challenges him to free himself and to feel his emotions and to do what he feels is right but he is also incounterd by his commanding officer that believes burning books and killing the people who have them is the right thing to do in the society that they live in today . Although Montag follows the wishes of his commanding officer he decides to do away with being a fireman and to do what is right and educate his society on books but his wife Mildred turns Montag in because she is scared of what the fireman will do to her if she is caught with the books in her house . After Montags house is burnt to the ground he decides to run and hide from the police until he meets up with the book people . When he meets up with the book people he tells them that he used to be a fireman and that he has changed and now the police and the fireman are after him . At the end the city gets bombed and Guy meets back up with Mildred and him and the book people decide to build and miror factory so the can look at themselfs to see who they realy are inside .
 Well i thought that the book was very interesting . Some parts were a little confusing that 's all . I really liked when Mildred would talk to the television as her own family . I wish that Clarisse and Montag would of gotten together .
 I think Fahrenheit 451 is a great book to read . In this book it talks of a futuristic society . In this society people are not allowed to read or own books . The novel tells us that books kept getting smaller and smaller until there were no books and nobody read . Even in today 's society we can see this happening . Novels replaced by Cliff notes , cliff notes replaced by summaries only a paragraph long , and even these summaries are being replaced by movies , which you do n't even have to read . Tolerance of books is diminishing in our society . People no longer wish to read books we sit in front of the TV and even our interactions with other people is hindered by this . I think this book is an excellent book to read . It changes how you see things . The book is written in a way that you can understand the confusion and anger the main character -LRB- Montag -RRB- is feeling . I read this book for my 6th period English class at East High School .
 I think Fahrenheit 451 is a great book to read . In this book it talks of a futuristic society . In this society people are not allowed to read or own books . The novel tells us that books kept getting smaller and smaller until there were no books and nobody read . Even in today 's society we can see this happening . Novels replaced by Cliff notes , cliff notes replaced by summaries only a paragraph long , and even these summaries are being replaced by movies , which you do n't even have to read . Tolerance of books is diminishing in our society . People no longer wish to read books we sit in front of the TV and even our interactions with other people is hindered by this . I think this book is an excellent book to read . It changes how you see things . The book is written in a way that you can understand the confusion and anger the main character -LRB- Montag -RRB- is feeling . I read this book for my 6th period English class at East High School .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 is a good book . I liked this book because it was full of suspense and al ways keep me thinking about what would happen next.It also illustrated what the world could be like in the future if we were not allowed to think for ourselves and learn by reading books . In this world it was as if there was so much technology that people did n't have to think for themselves . I enjoyed reading this book very much .
 This book that we read in class was really good . It was really interesting how the book was written . Having it placed in the future was really cool and it was a different than other books that I have read . Ray Bradbury seemed to have a really creative imagination . I really liked the plot and the setting of the book . It -LRB- like I stated before -RRB- was different . I liked the way the author used the different characters to support the one main charater , Montag in his troubles in his own life . I would be interseted in reading more books by him in the future .
 I really enjoyed Fahrenheit 451 , it was a very entertaining book . I hope many of these concepts never come true though . Occurances such as burning books , no speed limit would cause the world to be very crazy . There was never dull point in this book . I found these concepts very thought prevoking and interesting . This book explains what it would be like living in this type of surreal world.The idea of having no pedistrians allowed would would also be very strange . All in all , it was a great book .
 I thought this novel was great . Bradbury 's descriptions of the characters of his novel helped the reader to understand what they had to do with this novel . This story is great for anyone who likes fictional storys . In this book which is based on the future describes life as being happy 24 hours a day . The world it takes place in is a place where fireman start fires they do n't put them out . Also speeding in legal but having or reading a book is illegal and the price you pay for having one is that the fireman burn your house down and you just might be injected with a four inch needle by thier mechanical hound . If you like suspence and wierd but good ending to a novel i would suggest you read this novel .
 A truly excellent book that spans the generations since it 's 1953 debut . This book is along the same lines as Brave New World and 1984 in the sense that it creates a futuristic society -LRB- not unlike our own in many ways -RRB- in which control has shifted toward an entity other than the will of the people . A certain amount of propaganda and coersion , mainly propogated through television , has transformed the populace into a sick and backwards culture without substance . All the wonderful knowledge found in literature has been abandoned , and burned , while the people have become so unaware that they do n't even know that the ashes they are choking on are the ashes of books that used to live on their shelves . Essentially , the ashes of value , and morality . One of the things I liked best about the book was that it highlights the control people have over their life in reguards to books . You always have the power of choice , whether it be in the subject matter of what you read , or the choice of chosing not to read at all . You can put down a book whenever you wish , but in contrast , the television has control over what you see , and what your exposed to . So , kill your TV , and read this book . It is a great story reminiscent of some of our past , and possibly of things to come . It is also very well written .
 This book is the number one banned book in the world . I , personally , thought it was great !
 The irony of this book always slayed me . Here is a book of a future where books are like drugs
 When i first found this book in my eighth grade social studies classroom , the catchy title and the mysterious message lulled me . Beforehand i had never read Bradbury , or had been interested in him at all . The book changed everything for me . This insane landscape of mindlessness and of throwing away free thought enchanted me mentally and i was hooked . Mr. Bradbury is one of the greatest liberal thinkers in the world . Reading 451 can break the silly chains of political bias , and start you thinking for a change about how much freedom you need and how much you should use it . The ignorance and greed in us today echoes the insane eletric city of the firemen , and we mustnt shut our minds off to the world of literature and creativity if we ever wish to truly think about life .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 is a great book to read . It is about a futuristic world that we all fear . This is a where freedom of speech and thought are completely taken away . Guy Montag is a fireman but instead of putting fires out they set things on fire . The things that they set on fire are books and and the houses that hold the books . Later in the story they talk about Guy Montag meeting this girl named Clarisse . They engage in deep conversation and he soon learn to like the small things in life . After he met her he realizes how dull and boring his family really is . In the end of the story he escapes from the city after killing the fire-cheif and taking a couple of books with him . Guy Montag has the ability to like his job without knowing what he is actually doing to the society . He went to work and liked to watch the book get consumed by the flames . I would recommend this book to other readers . I think the book was interesting and very challenging . The book was fun to read and that is why I would recommend this book to other readers .
 Did you notice that nowadays writers and filmmakers tend to make no difference between Horror and Science-Fiction ? ... Real Science-Fiction plays not only in the future but in a society very different from ours and with people who have habits and a mentality which also are different from ours . Fahrenheit 451 is a very good example of that . Fahrenheit 451 is the temperature that makes books burn and this is the problem we are dealing with -LRB- and no longer in the far future I 'm afraid -RRB- . Guy Montag is the hero of the novel . He 's a fireman who burns books that are in people 's houses , usually because someone denounced them at the police . It 's forbidden to read books because they make you think and therefore make you unhappy . -LRB- Clothes have only zippers and no buttons ; buttons take to much time so you start thinking and once again this makes you unhappy . -RRB- But Montag is a lonely person who has no contact with his wife ; she only watches TV from dawn till dusk . The irony is that all the measures , which are taken by the government to protect people from being unhappy only , make them more unhappy than before . As the story unfolds , Guy Montag starts wondering what books are all about and he starts meeting people who read books -LRB- without notifying his superiors -RRB- . The novel ends in a peculiar way.I said in the beginning that the problem is maybe no longer in the far future
 he stopped worshipping fire and treated it like the enemy it was when it came to books , except when it came it beatty , whom he turned into a marshmallow . then he met the others who were doing their best to keep the words alive to pass along to the next generation ... do n't be put off by the fact that it 's sci-fi . i love reading stuff that no one thinks i would read . it 's not '' war and peace '' -LRB- 165 pages -RRB- you can read it in a day . and the message will stay with you for life ... do n't make any more excuses ...
 Bradbury 's classic `` Farenheit 451 '' seems to become more true all the time -LRB- although it was not intended as a prediction -RRB- for example , one of the characters mentions students shooting eachother as if it was an everyday occurence.Beyond that , the plot of `` Farenheit 451 '' is intriguing , poignant , and fun to read.Anyone who has not yet read this classic should pick it up .
 In this book , the author shows what can happen when books are taken away , it is based in a time when origial thought is frowned upon and even at times dispised . It shows what could very easily happen whith the way extra reading is frowned upon and those who do it are considerd `` nerds '' . Ray Bradbury discribes a time of horror where anything but fact is thought to be evil . Read this book I promise that you will like it .
 `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is set in a time where reading books is strictly forbidden . In this world , instead of putting out fires and keeping people safe , firefighters burn entire houses containing books , and occasionally even people . One of these firefighters , Guy Montag , has doubts about the whole situation , and those doubts are strengthened when he meets a freethinking girl by the name of Clarisse McClellan . The major themes in this book include the value of intelligence and human interaction . I would suggest everyone read this book at least once , to help understand why it is important to attain knowledge and break free from ignorance . I overall liked this book , and would give it a 4/5
 The book was not so good as the movie , but the book helps understanding some points that seemed totally random when I saw it.Compared to 1984 it 's miles away , but still is really nice .
 AWESOME , SUSPENSEFUL , EXITING ... not enough good adjectives to describe this Bradbury Science Fiction MASTERPIECE OF AMAZINGNESS !!!! I love it and will reread it !
 Somehow I 've never managed to read this book , even in school . I 'd seen it for years in the library , but was always turned off by the title/cover . To be honest , I did n't even know what it was about . However , the minute I started reading it , I could n't put it down ! With interesting themes and characters , this is definitely a must-read classic !
 Bradbury 's story was written in the early 1950 's , but has great resonance for today , with all our high-powered , big screen technology . When a civilizationgives up books for the instant gratification of television and mind control , the results are terrifying . We should be warned !! The lasting power of his short novelis shown in how long it 's lived , being published now for 60 + years .
 Whenever I first read this book it scared me because of the realism and how relevant it was to how American society is and where it is going . Even though I was much younger than I am now when I finished it -LRB- I 'm 20 -RRB- , I was still able to realize that the future Ray Bradbury portrays in this wonderful work of fiction is entirely possible . I absolutely love to read , a bibliophile if you will , and when I first realized that the world in this book takes pride in BURNING them AND the people who read them I remember thinking , `` God help us '' . What made me say that is the realization that many of my fellow class mates all throughout school -LRB- K-12 -RRB- did NOT like to read one bit but they did like to burn and destroy things . Society , in the story , values everything that destroys knowledge and wisdom so that those in charge are able to stay in power and keep everyone under there thumb . Turning people into mindless sheep . Many of the technological `` advances '' -LRB- I consider them more of a step back then a step forward -RRB- include only a few hours of school with nothing actually learned , destruction parks where people can go smash and destroy everything there , insanely fast cars , and -LRB- in my opinion the worst one -RRB- the ENTIRE room dedicated to television . This book is an extremely accurate portrayal of where American society is headed if we do not do something to stop this trend . We must value knowledge and wisdom above all else because those two things are what primarily separate us from all other animals . I absolutely loved this book and author and I hope you will pick this up and give it a try .
 Reached in time for my daughter 's school . My daughter enjoy it . It was for her course material so not much can be said .
 Of the book : It 's one of those insideous books which makes you think and think until you want to dash your head against a wall . It makes you empty and quiet for a few days after you read it . It 's one of those unassuming masterpieces which makes you want to do something , write something , run just to feel your heart race . When you put it down , you want to turn to someone , take their shoulders and shake them and say , `` You have to read this , you have to understand . `` 10/10Of the audiobook : It 's one of the smoothest I 've ever heard . Christopher Hurt 's voice is fitting and easy to listen to . I can find no fault in pronunciation or timing -- everything is perfect .10 / 10
 I read this book for a book club and I really enjoyed it . It was very thought provoking , and I am sure that we will have a lot to discuss . It did n't grab me into the book , I could set it down when I needed to , but it was still really good .
 I can see why so many people love this book ! Ray Bradbury truly is a master storyteller . I instantly gelled with this book and could not stop reading until I knew what was to become of Montag -LRB- and those poor outlawed books !! -RRB- . The writing contained the perfect level of description - it painted vivid pictures in my mind , yet never got hung up on the mundane.And the story ! Though written over 60 years ago , I found the plot and underlying messages to be very applicable to modern life . It was a sad , yet fitting portrait of our obsession with technology and pointed towards that frightening theme of `` the future is bleak '' . I 'm always a total sucker for these dystopian novels , but this one takes the cake - or at least a hearty-sized slice of it !
 in my english class we are reading this book and so far we have read about 80 pages and my friend jeff here said he almost cried when montags wife almost died and had to get her stomach pumped out . i feel that you need to read the book and i cant wait to finish it up ...
 This is amazing , all predictions and foreshadows came true in our present day lives . Amazing story a must read .
 This book is powerful and interesting . It is the future and books are outlawed . Opinion is n't allowed and people are all brainless . In this book a man named Montag must go against the rules and break the law to do what he feels is right . It is indeed a spooky book about a dark future .
 I first read this book in middle school , when my father made me read it . Since then I have read it a few more times and it has become one of my favorites . To the readers who complain of a lack of character depth - I think that this book was written like that on purpose , the main characters of this story are vauge because they are only place holders for us . They could be anyone of us in the future , Bradbury asks `` Who are you going to be like ? ''
 I am an avid reader and Ray Bradbury 's idea of a book burning society is amazing . I believe this is a must read for 8th graders and up . I was forced to read this book and I am happy i read it !
 I am writing a report on Ray Bradbury for my Ninth grade AP English class . I read F 451 and felt that it was a story of great detail and a wonderful message . Anyone who loves the gift of literacy and great literature would love this book . If you do n't appreciate literature , reading this book may change your mind . I realized that ideals and dreams are important , and the world is such a beautiful place when dreams are given to the less fortunate .
 I am writing a AP English report on Ray Bradbury , and I read F 451 to review it for part of the assignment . I felt that such distinguished writing could only come from Bradbury , and I am appalled at everyone 's dead responses ! How could Anyone who has some sort of admiration for literature slam this book in anyway ??
 What is going on with people on here who are giving this book a 1-star rating , saying it `` makes no sense '' ? People come on here trying to say it should be rewritten because of a couple of dry points , but it 's the dead truth . The book is n't supposed to be realistic . It 's supposed to be an exaggeration of what might happen if we continue to further censorship . Ray Bradbury wrote this book to warn you of that . And if you 're reading this , do n't say , `` What censorship ? '' because you know what I 'm talking about , banning books from schools , not allowiing certain things to be spoken on television , and now maybe even the internet at the rate of how things are going ! Sometimes , you need to say things to get your point across , whether that 's a weakness or a strength of yours . For me , it 's a weakness , and I 'm sorry for that , but I do n't need censorship to ruin it . I loved this book , not nearly as much as I loved 1984 , but it has proved itself worthy just the same .
 The novel is a mind worker
 I am impressed , stunned , and fearful . The implications of this book are staggering . A society where pleasure and mindless entertainment are preferable to thinking and knowledge ... . a country where the government entertains itself with wars ... a world in which the children kill each other every day and take pleasure in destruction ... does this sound familiar ? This book is a shocking reminder of the road our civilization is currently going down . Will the next generation go to school to learn more about sports and television ? Will all books ever be outlawed because ideas frighten people ? This book makes you wake up and take a look around ... I personally do n't like what I see .
 I had to read this book for my H.S. freshmen english class and enjoyed it more than I thought I would . Bradbury uses a lot of good symbolism in connection with the theme of the novel . I realized that understanding these symbols and reading more into the novel is a necessity for a full understanding of the text and Bradbury 's message . On the first quiz my teacher gave me , I got a 70 % , but after reading more deeply into the novel -LRB- and taking some marginal notes to study from -RRB- , I received a 100 % on the next quiz . Unfortunately , when you look at our society today with all the ignorance , technological advancements , and anti-intellectual behavior practiced by many , you realize that it may end up a dystopia just like the F-451 society in the near future .
 This is an amazing novel , from start to finish . I could hardly put it dwon , and the message alone that it sent across is frightening in it 's implications . This book told us how much we should value life and learning . Every person , man , woman , or child should read this amazing , and almost horryifing book about the future . For within its pages lies the answer to how and why the events in this story and probably in the future did and will take place .
 I had to read this book for summer reading , and I did n't really like it . But once I finished it , I thought about it , and I realized how much I liked it . This book is so futuristic , yet so easy to understand . Things like Beatty 's monolouges , the mechanical dogs , and Clarrise all made this book one great read.If you can read , read this . It 'll give you one lasting impression ... and you 'll be grateful for books that much more .
 This book was your average school assigned novel . NOOOOTTTTT ! It was jam-packed with humor , drama , horror , and action . Guy Montag , the protagonist , turns upon his profession as a fireman . Firemen in the future burn books and the houses that contain them . IF YOU DO N'T READ THIS BOOK , I 'M GOING TO GET YOU ! HA HA HA HAAA !
 This book should not merely by its face value . It is a `` good '' book on its plot and development alone . Its insight into life , however , knocks it up a step . It is very profound and warns us of an ignorant , entertainment society .
 I read this book two weeks ago and I am very happy for that . Very good one . I had a lot of thinking when reading it . If you can , read it . You wont be sorry . Believe me . Very ilogical , but interesting book . I do n't believe that this future could be real , but who knows , the man is a strange bird ...
 I read the imature reviews of the readers who hated the book . We must forgive them , they are in their teens and were forced to read it for school . Its only natural , in these circunstances , not identify with Montag and his passion for literature.Fahrenheit 451 is not difficult or boring . But it isnt a normal SF book -LRB- not that I have anything against the genre -RRB- . Bradbury 's books tend to have more to do with Lewis Carrol than Issac Asimov . To me it is really a tale that deals with the significance of books in life and society . But like the every great book , its real meaning will be different depending on the reader or the moment it was read.Its a book to stir you . The first time I read it , I got interested in philosophy and thought deeply about my own existence.For those who read it and didnt like it ... try again next year !
 I picked up an old paperback copy of this book at a flea market 8 years ago . I could n't put it down . It 's a quick and enjoyable read . Bradbury does n't hit you with the message until he 's ready . He prepares you for it with the main body of the story , and , in the last few pages he provides a biblical quote , from revelations , regarding what books are really for . The quote describes the tree of life and says `` And the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations . '' Quite a slam dunk ending that you wo n't get unless you 're ready for it . True literature , he is saying , is to serve a higher consciousness and heal our world . And the tree of life is books , and the leaves on the tree are the pages in those books . This book changed the way I saw and understood things . It 's amazing how one book can awaken your vision , and , in turn , awaken your understanding .
 This is one of the greatest books ever written . Bradbury is a master of the written word . He is the `` Air Jordan '' of the adjective . Fahrenheit 451 is a stab at political correctness . The premise of the novel is that if we try to dispose of `` incorrect '' thoughts , we may be forced to eradicate ALL thought .
 I was amazed at the incredible imagery and poetic use of extremely choice adjectives and adverbs . The main impression I have is how immediate every single sentence felt ; each felt totally alive and pulsating with life . To some , this style may seem to err on the side of melodrama , but he can easily be forgiven . I tend to forgive a bit of self-indulgence when dealing with such a fine writer . Those who call it boring and predictable , without knowing how to savor imagery and elaboration , are contributing to the very cause Bradbury is pointing at - a society craving instant gratification and lacking the capacity for self-reflection . It 's a fantastic read .
 Reading all these reviews it seems as though many people , and I dont mean to offend anyone , have become too preoccupied with the need for every book that is part of the sci-fi genre to adhere to some sort of science base and to have a plot that could conceivably happen . Literature and sci-fi in particular should be the exploration of ideas , encouraging some form of though amongst its readers . The situation create in the novel is perhaps not plausible , but it is merely an exagerrated form of our world today and what it may become more like . To think it ever could become so bare is indeed unlikely , but the need to be aware of the trend is there , hence the book is there.The plot too may be lacking , and I sometimes found the writers prose clunky and disjointed . This can be explained by the short period of time in which the book was written and the fact that in general it is written as such to convey the turmoil the central charcter is feeling when his entire world suddenly seems to lack any meaning or purpose.I would recommend this bok to anyone who can be bothered to think about a book as they read it . It is not the easily accesible thrillers that fill the bestseller lists , John Grisham et al , but it is abook that is both chilling in its prediction and thought provoking.The only criticism would be that the story may have worked better as a short-story and Ray Bradbury 's proseis better suited to the shorter form.ps Anyone who found the book boring and the setting devoid of life and colour . Could that not have been deliberate . What if the world was really like that . How boring .
 I am only 14 , but I found this book great . Even though it was written a while ago , it relates to today . I loved how you could feel what Montag was doing , went against his job , but he had to know . I think it was perfect . In the conclusion , he said how people suggested he change the book meanwhile this very subject was mentionned in the book and started the whole idea of burning books !! Bravo Ray Bradbury !!
 The theory of censorship destroying the humanity we posess is an awesome idea . The technology used in the the book is amazing , considering that Bradbury wrote it in 1953 . Yet I wonder why he did n't use computers in the story ... If anyone has any ideas , please e-mail me . Anyway , at first I hated the fact that nothing had a definite conclusion . Also , you never know if the `` book people 's '' goal was successful . What happens ? Even before the book begins , there are several questions that remain unanswered . At first I hated this , but I enjoy the lack of conclusion now because of the oppurtunity to imagine.Overall , it was a great book , even for a 10th grader who hates most science fiction!P.S . -- When exactly did it take place ?
 Faranheit 451 is a frightening version of the future . we now live in a time which reflects on the past and considers the future , 2000 < . bradburys novel is a bible that will see us through a time when books may be illegal and firemen will be the burners . alltogether a book that must be read even if forced , this book is the safety manuel !!!!!!!!! recommended to free thinkers .
 Where to begin ? I find truly disturbing the sheer number of young people who have sent in reviews describing the book as `` boring , unfulfilling , poorly written , confusing '' , etc. . Of all the `` dystopian '' books in the lexicon , I find this work to be the most straightforward and unambiguous -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . Judging from some of the vitriolic reaction above , it seems Bradbury 's predictions are well on their way to coming true . The fact that so many find the book `` confusing '' , points out the failure of an American education system that emphasizes self-esteem over actual achievement , learning by rote as opposed to the actual accumulation of knowledge , and crowd control over teacher-student interaction . The book is challenging , but hardly the murky horror described by so many above . To close with a Bradbury quote `` If my jawbreaker sentences shatter the teeth of the weak minded -LRB- small liberty with text -RRB- , let them eat stale cake dunked in weak tea of their own ungodly manufacture '' . A true modern masterpiece
 This here is one of the finest books writen for the scifi category . The constrast of characters of Montag and his wife . The bleak picture of the future world is execlent . If you like 1984 you 'll love this book .
 According to the beliefs of some citizens who have posted their comments on this site , Fahrenheit 451 is about books . It seems like it is , but in its true form , the story about something deeper than books.The story is brilliant because it perfectly describes how willing people are to give up knowledge for something that is faster , easier . It also brings up the topic of control through the media . The government and media focus on happy , cheerful things -LRB- such as chasing Montag -RRB- , rather than the war about to begin . This makes an excellent point about how we as a species are too willing to turn a blind eye to our problems , and allow someone else to fix them . This book does a fine job at shining new light on the saying `` Ignorance is bliss . `` This is a masterpiece of our time , and I suggest getting it from your public library , if you decide not to buy it . Either way , read it . Its got some insight that is very thought provoking ~
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is set in a terrifying world of the future . Books are not allowed . Firemen burn them and the homes of those who own them . The main character , Guy Montag , is one of these firemen . The joy of his life is setting books on fire until his loony 17-year-old neighbor suggests that maybe books are good things . She tells him of a time in the past when people read and were not punished for it . This gives Guy an unstoppable urge to see what 's in one of those books . He reads one , and now he ca n't stop.While this was a great book with a very scary plot , I do have one complaint
 At first I was roped into the idea of a book about book burning by fellow classmates that said it was a `` cool '' thing to read about . Then , later on I became enamored by this compelling story of the way others can affect the minds of the ignorant.The book begins with a section Bradbury entitles , `` The Hearth and the Salamander . '' The hearth being a symbol of the home and where the fire is kept/made in the home , the salamander being a symbol of fire immortality . The animal is believed by ancient cultures to be fire resistant . It can be burned and walk out without a mark made . This makes sense for Bradbury to use considering his whole book is shaped on the idea that the new futuristic firemen are unscarred by flames and find a great pleasure in creating them . So in turn the firemen of the story sport salamander logos on the arm of their uniforms . I loved this sort of symbolizing and the way Bradbury ties these facts into the rest of his story makes it a worthwhile reading . Throughout the rest of the book he takes the main character Guy Montag through a whirlwind of emotion and self exploration . After meeting a young girl by the name of Clarisse McClellan who is a self proclaimed individual Guy begins to view his life as he knows it in a different light . Clarisse is even seeing a psychologist for her `` tendencies '' as prescribed by society 's fear of her lack of uniformity . She is a strong willed character that can open the eyes of any reader . I fell in love with her for her uniqueness as she reminded me somewhat of myself.The new future is a scary place as described by Bradbury . It makes the present and our issues with race and diversity a walk in the park as compared to society in the future . Close-mindedness sets in and people begin to close down and build walls around the passions of simple life . He shows here a real look into a frightening possibility of the way technology could affect every one of us . The idea of burning-books to me symbolizes the way media latched onto the artist and freethinker in all of us . It takes away from the beauty of really capturing a scene in a book that in some cases someone might never see in real life and it injects the fear that you might be blamed for this `` instant gratification '' that the book gives to you.I really loved the book and the way it took Montag on a journey to overpower his dedication to the claws of society and see past it 's chains . He overcomes his enslavement to his boss and coworkers and begins to follow the path of the McClellans . With a little extra help from a friend he met beforehand Guy attacks the futuristic views and creates a full on war for freedom . Through fighting , and murders Montag ends his journies with the people he belongs with . He stumbles a bit along the way but ultimately ends with happiness in his heart.Anyone looking for a real eye-opener would enjoy this awesome fiction piece . It 'll make you feel really lucky for the freedoms you have today , and look at the book you 're holding in your hand in a whole new light . Aspects of family , and how cold family can be will shock you . Pick up Fahrenheit 451 you wo n`t be disappointed .
 Farenheit 451 is the epidomy of Ray Bradbury books . This sci-fi book is a great description of a futuristic society . Guy Montag is your average guy , with an common job , he 's a fireman . Though , in his society , books are banned and the fireman 's job is to burn them . He lived a normal life , or so it was called , until a young lady opened his eyes to the past . In a desperate attempt to know more , he finds a professor . He finds then who he truly is and follows his destiny.Ray Bradbury is one of the best sci-fi authors , in my opinion . In this book he created a futuristic society down to its individual laws and customs . His descriptions of the flames are as if they are alive like you and I . In my own mind I could see the flames burning as if they were right in front of me . His descriptions of society are a great way to show how nave humans can be.Though I had some trouble understanding this book , it 's plot was very drawn out and not always clear . Overall , I enjoyed this book over `` The Martian Chronicles '' , because at least this one had a single plot line and easily understandable themes . It is a must-read book for those of you who like sci-fi books that can change course in the blink of an eye .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury is an amazing story about a man named Guy Montag , living in a dystopia . In this crazy world , books are not allowed , and instead of having firemen stop fires , they make them . Guy is a fireman who loves to burn books . But one day he meets a young 17 year old who seems insane . But after many long conversations , he realizes the horror of burning someone else 's work of art , and his/her ideas . He then sets out on a mission to get the books back to the people . But all the while , Bradbury is able to weave amazing , but confusing , passages into his story . His crazy use of metaphors and his symbolism makes it hard to understand , but after reading it again , it creates images in your mind . This is the kind of book that you discuss with your friends . The complex theme and plot makes it a great read . Although this book may not be suitable for young children , this is a great story for people from 8th grade up . Fahrenheit 451 is an unique book , and is defiantly one of Ray Bradbury 's finest works .
 Farenheit 451 was a very interesting book . The thing that I liked about this book was that it kept you thinking . Ray Bradbury 's use of similes and metaphors really related to what he was trying to explain . The fascinating circumstances about Farenheit 451 is very weird and exciting at the same time . The fact that Bradbury has taken the present time , when he wrote the book , and changed the roles of the people and firemen to which he believes the future will be like is so engaging . I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading !
 I would have most likely never read Fahrenhiet 451 on my own accord . But I am glad that we had to read this book . Ray Bradbury 's idea of the future is totally different than people in the 1950s would have likely imagined it to be . Even now the book holds the same sort of problem to us as it did back when it was published . I can see our country heading down the same path as the country in the book did.Bradbury 's use of metaphors , similes , and other `` smilely face tricks '' are very well written . For example , instead of using the word `` hose '' , Bradbury described the hose as a great black python . I liked this book very much . ~ * sHoUtZ tO mIsS . o AnD tHe ReSt Of ThE cLaSs Of 2004 * ~
 Through all of the metaphors , complications , and similies , Fahrenheit 451 is an excellent book to read . Ray Bradbury made this book very interesting especially with his similies and metaphors . In order to get anything out of this book the reader really had to read closely to enderstand what Bradbury was trying to communicate to the reader . Also , the reader had to use their common sence to understand the story , because it is very different from our world today . The scary part of the story , was how it was written fifty years ago , but the reader can see how the society of today is becoming more and more like the book.Amagine a world were reading certain books ment that you were breaking the law , with possible punishment of death . This was the world Guy Montag lives in . He was a fireman that started fires . In the story 's day and age this was a common job . Houses that contained books were houses that needed to be burnt down . Montage enjoyed his job because he did what he was told , and never had to think outside of the box . However , his thinking began when he met a girl , named Clarisse , who made him think outside of the box with three words . She asked Montag , `` Are you happy ? '' To learn more about what happens to Montag because of those three words , you will have to read the book .
 This book should be on everyones bookshelves and should be required reading for every middle school student . Instead we force rot our children 's brains with Harry Potter nonsense along with other books of fluff and non substance . Farenheit 451 might be science fiction but I believe it to also be an insight into things to come.It is hard for me to imagine that someone with a phd supposedly would give this book a 1 for review , but at least even that sheds a bit of hope on our civilization . At least for the time being we can all still have our differences . I do question though if it was actually read instead of some form of protest over a required reading.This is a well thought out short book -LRB- approximately 180 pages -RRB- , no sex scenes , a few curse words -LRB- the typical -RRB- and even the violent scenes do not dwell on the blood and gut portions of death , therefore making this an acceptable book for any level of reading . I my opinion this should probably be the first science fiction book anyone picks up to read .
 When my youngest son read Bradbury 's classic Fahrenheit 451 for his honors English class , he was amazed that I had never read it - so much so that he went out and purchased a copy for me . It 's easy to see why this book has become standard reading in High Schools and Universities . Bradbury is obviously an accomplished writer , and he focuses on the timeless topics of freedom of information , government control and war . Written nearly 55 years ago , he could have never realized how close to the mark he was going to hit regarding the central role virtual relationships would play in our world today . A quick and worthy read that you need to squeeze into your schedule .
 I ca n't believe that some people could read this book and not understand why it is important . This book is a classic for a reason . Underneath the dystopian surface are truths - and frightening resemblances to our own society . When I read this for the first time , I was shocked and pleased to hear that there is someone else who thinks like me . Thank you , Mr. Bradbury , for turning a critical eye on your future , peices of our present -LRB- the books is frighteningly prophetic -RRB- and writing your anthem for all of us who choose to think and not just follow .
 In Fahrenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury wrote an absolute classic on the subject of human freedom and censorship . The outstanding characteristic of this little book -LRB- I was done in 2 days -RRB- is that it does not rely on an opposive state -LRB- as does 1984 -RRB- , but rather on a society that chooses to distance itself from books.The basic irony in the story is that , after houses were made fireproof sometime in the future , there was no more job for the firemen . As society sought to occupy such spare capacity , it chose to eliminate books , as they constituted a hazard . To me , the most outstading part of the book is Bradbury 's description of how man turned away from knowledge , starting with minorities feeling oppressed by those who `` knew more '' . In order to achieve happiness , society had to eliminate the feeling of inferiority some people had , and such inferiority was largely linked to books.The most interesting point , however , is that this book was not rendered false by time ; the future depicted is quite similar to one we see today in the world and in the U.S. . We have people who are not knowledgeable about an ongoing war , despite being aware of it ; there are people outside the country who hate us , but we do n't really know why -LRB- remind you of anything ? -RRB- ; there is a growing sense that we are not free to express our views in fear of offending someone ; and lastly , TV and instant gratification is suplanting the need to know and deeply understand the world and who we are.In the book , it took a young girl and an old professor to awaken our hero , Guy Montag . Though we are not yet burning books , it seems like the general direction was correct . I highly recommend this book ; to me , the best test is the fact that , after reading it , I really wished I had written it .
 I 'm not going to waste a lot of time describing _ Fahrenheit 451 _ . There 's over 1,000 reviews on Amazon alone . I 'm sure most people know that it tells of a dystopian future in which books have been banned , and how firemen are employed to start fires instead of fighting them . Even some of those who have not read the book have at least that superficial idea.What makes _ Fahrenheit 451 _ so nightmarish is how this society came to be . This was not the result of a totalitarian dictator or government , it was the will of the people . Somewhere along the way , people tired of being challenged , both intellectually and morally , by books . Bland , inoffensive , and mind-numbing forms of recreation dominated the cultural landscape . Commentators on the ailments of the human condition became enemies of the state , while the true disease itself went unchecked . There are quite a few out there who think something like this ca n't happen in these `` enlightened '' times.It 's already happening . The cirriculum throughout the American school system is being dumbed down far below the capabilities of the average student . Public libraries are being underfunded , and in many cases , closed down completely . Authors and intellectuals are given far less reverence than celebrities who hold on to their fame through idiotic publicity stunts rather than through talent and hard work.So , I might not have told you anything you do n't know already . I wo n't be offended if you choose to brush off everything I mentioned previous to the point I 'm about to make . Read _ Fahrenheit 451 _ . Take a good look at the cultural and intellectual climate of society today . Ask yourself if this is what you want our future to be.Me neither .
 Amazon.com recommended Fahrenheit 451 to my list a long time ago and I just now got around to reading it , somewhat skeptical at first because the description on the back of the book seemed , at best , cheesy . The publisher might want to rethink the blurb . But , I read it anyway , and am thoroughly impressed not only with the style of writing , but also with the complexity of the situation presented . In a novel where books are banned because they cause too much ` free thinking ' and ` confusion ' for those who fail to understand them or do n't want to read them , there are a lot of fairly frightening similarities to the way society is progressing today . Granted , I do n't believe we will ever burn all the books of the world , but it is a cruel reminder how many people are ignorant to the importance of books , whether fiction or non-fiction . It also reminded me how much I enjoy cracking open a new book with its characteristic smell and feel , and how much I , as a reader , would miss that privilege .
 This book is very hmm how can I say this ? Well , there are acutally no words at all to describe the great masterpiece that Mr.Bradubry conjured up over 50 years ago . Many of the kids nowadays -LRB- I am a freshman in high school ! -RRB- are saying `` This book sucks , etc etc. '' Well , do n't you see it ? The kids of today are ALREADY turning into the Mildreds and Firemen of tommorow ! They are putting this book down because THEY are the firemen and Mildreds of today ... This book shows a prfound truth in today 's culture and generation , our generation . Mr.Bradbury has showed us a future , no not a future , but of a PRESENT to us that if we stand around idly this future will occur . Remember Faber ` sline ... `` I saw the way things were going , a long time back . I said nothing . I 'm one of the innocents who could have spoken up and out when no one would listen to the ` guilty , ' but i did not speak and thus became guilty myself . '' I believe this is one of the most moving and truthful and insightful lines in this book , for it shows what will happen in our tommorow.This is a plea for help , if anyone is reading this , do all you can to proclaim this book to the masses . If we do not spread this around , we will crumble . All of the freethinkers and people that think `` Outside the box '' will be crushed by the fiery hand and ax of tommorow 's society . We are a dying race , the rebels , the freethinkers , all of us . Do not give in . If they burn our houses , burn with them . Do not cave in to pop-culture 's ideals and guildlines we must follow . Is America truly `` A land of the Free ? '' I think not . We are slowly simmering in this melting pot and we will slowly begin to melt away ... For example , the other day at lunch , my friend and i were talking , and i asked him , `` Josh , if a new machine was invented would you ask , ` How it works ? ' or , ` What 's its purpose ' . He replied ` How ? ' . I asked him a myriad of questions like this and i realized what our world is coming to . Yes , like Josh , all of the smart ones of the world are becoming mechanical , ruled under the constraints of society , sub-conciously . All of our intellects are starting to perish . Our smarts will be used for inventing Seashell radio 's and TV walls and the Robot Dogs of the future . No more will we be appreciated for our philosophies , thoughts , our ideas , insights ; No , but we will be appreciated for how happy we can make the masses and how happy we are will be our number one priority . Please , if you have children , please please do not let them be swayed by commercial jingles or catch phrases or tunes . I am a kid , only one kid , but if this message gets accross to another , i will have succeeded in spreading this message of a scary new world . I believe this new world is an apocalypse to freethinkers , and we must unite before anything happens , we must not sit idly , as Faber 's costly mistaken took its toll . Mr.Bradbury 's best book ever , a must read .
 It 's hard to describe what a powerful charge this slender little book carries . You read it and wonder how Bradbury was able to make a prediction so spot-on accurate way back in the 1950s when he wrote this . There are scenes and lines that are etched in my mind permanently
 It 'd been a couple decades since I last read this book when I picked it up again recently . It has held up well over this time span . This is a fable , a warning of an era where free thought is squashed.The world of Farenheit 451 is an unpleasant place . Although nominally a democracy , the people elect only who they are told to ; war is a constant threat and the general populace is kept in a state of blissful ignorance . The only books that remain are dry manuals and rulebooks.Guy Montag , the principal character , slowly becomes aware that there is more to existence than the narrow life that he has lived . As he awakens to this new world , other cracks in the old regime become evident , most obviously with the number of suicides that are taking place . Even if this dictatorship is weakening , it is far from dead , and as Guy begins to explore the world of books and free thought , he puts his life in danger.Although written in the 1950s when television was just beginning , this novel seems to predict an era when TV has essentially replaced reading ; fortunately , despite the dominance of television in today 's world , books are far from out of fashion . Although not an altogether happy novel , this book is generally optimistic in that it shows how difficult it is to truly contain the human spirit . If it is not 100 % realistic , it need not be ; as stated before , this is a fable , and a classic in not only science fiction , but literature in general .
 It 's hard to believe this little book by the famed Ray Bradbury has been around for about fifty years . I remember kids talking about this book just a few years ago when I was in high school and remember thinking it was some great new work of sci-fi . With all the changes in our society and culture the past few years -LRB- from the Internet to digital television -RRB- , FAHRENHEIT 451 is more significant today than it was forty years ago.The plot of the story is simple . Guy Montag is a fireman . However , in the future , instead of putting out fires , fireman start them . Guy burns books and he enjoys doing it . Books are illegal to own and most people spend their free time -LRB- and they have lots of it -RRB- driving their cars -LRB- at speeds of over 120 mph -RRB- or listening to the wall-sized televisions that have become their family . One day Guy meets a strange girl who sets a fancy to his heart . His meeting with her allows him to open up and begin to see the truth.The story is simple , but it is what the story says about our society that is so significant . We are told by the story 's antagonist that things changed because the country became divided by factions of every sort and people no longer cared about the knowledge books contained . Reading forces people to think and thinking is bad because it forces you to consider others and when you only care about yourself , how can you think about someone else ? In our modern American society where many people label themselves with as many hypens as possible , where lives are literally being played out on television , and where violence is becoming more and more the norm ; the issues raised in FAHRENHEIT 451 need to be discussed more than ever .
 In Fahrenheit 451 , Ray Bradbury 's frightening vision of the future , firemen do n't put fires out ; they start them to burn books . In Bradbury 's fictional world , it is better not to know or find out anything because if you know too much , you could be in danger . This book is closely related to the book 1984 by George Orwell because you can be put to death for simple things like writing in a diary . In Fahrenheit 451 , you can have your house burned down and go to jail for the rest of your life if you are caught with books because reading for pleasure is against the law . The main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman who burns books for a living . He sees his wife sit at home everday with the `` family '' who is actually just a television that surrounds the walls , when he starts to question his life . Why are books burned ? Why are they so destructive to society ? He makes the decision to change his life , risk everything he 's worked for and discover what it is that books contain . Montag starts secretly hiding books in his house and reading them at any opportunity he gets . He learns that there is a whole world inside of books that he never knew existed . He tries to tell his wife about this and how books are so important but instead of agreeing , she turns him in to the police . After this incident , Montag 's house is burned down and he is confronted by the police chief , Captain Beatty , and has to decide what he is going to do . Although this book was published back in 1953 , the idea of firemen getting paid for burning books seems very real . These ideas make you think that maybe someday this could happen . Fahrenheit 451 is a book for ages 13 and up . The incredible descriptions of books burning , along with houses and the mechanical dog are very realistic . I thought this book was good because of the descriptions , you felt like a part of the book and it made you want to keep reading . I would recommene this book to any and everyone .
 This wonderfully written science Fiction book is a thought provoking and has two very good qualities . First of all , with Fahrenheit 451 you must read between the lines to find out what Bradbury is really saying . Not only is Bradbury writing a wonderfully twisted novel , but , to me , he is also saying that people are afraid of new or interesting ideas and , since books are full of them , these people will burn the books to put an end to ideas that may cause trouble for `` society . '' Of course , as with all of Bradbury 's books , it is open to interpretation because of its weird and different look at life and some of life 's hard facts . Bradbury 's characters have been created with a depth that creates a realistic quality . This depth makes you want to know them , yet , in a way , you feel that you already do . We follow Guy Montag through his insanity knowing he is not insane , it 's the rest of his world that is nuts . We grieve when his friend Clarisse McClellan dies because she is more in touch with reality than anyone else is . In all , this great book wraps you up in its story of everyday life in the future , with all its twists and turns . In other words , do n't burn this one .
 Depending on who you are , there are different messages provided in this book . To a reader in the 50 's , this book may just seem like a chilling , futuristic novel . More can be seen by the modern reader because the actual science fiction portion of the book is less distracting . All of the devices described in the book we either already have , or now know are impossible to create within this new century . For example , the interactive `` family '' Millie was so involved in could be around any day now to consume our loved ones . The mechanical hound , on the other hand , wo n't be . When the creativity and dazzling ideas of the `` future '' are lost , the morals and messages become more defined . Bradbury was probably more accurate than he would have ever thought , as we move towards a more lazy America . Some of these messages seem more religious then anything else . They inspire to take advantage of the moment , and be thankful for what we have been provided . No matter how advanced we become , nothing will replace picnics and family values . Although these things have deteriorated over time thanks to technology , they should always be practiced if only for tradition
 Firemen no longer save lives . Instead they burn books and the people who harbor them . Censorship is the way of life in the science fiction world of Fahrenheit 451 . Conforming with government , destroying individuality , and asking no questions are the rules of Guy Montag 's world . Set in the twenty-first century , Ray Bradbury 's novel tells the tale of the fireman who begins to question the rights and wrongs of his life . In this world books promote thinking and wondering and acting . Compliance is necessary for the government to ignore its people and watch over its `` thirty-second '' wars . The government wants assimilation and ignorance of differences . So modern technology produces television that is interactive and family rooms are replaced with television parlors - four walls of larger than life TV screens . The firemen hunt out owners of books and burn them , their homes and their books to the ground . `` It was a pleasure to burn , '' is the opening line of the story . In the beginning burning books is a source of joy , an excitement programmed into Montag by his world . Then he meets a girl whose family raised her with an encouragement of challenging what she is told . Montag is amazed , almost scared of the idea of questioning life . She begins to question him too . '' ` Do you ever read any of the books you burn ? ' ` Is it true that long ago firemen put out fires instead of going to start them ? ' and the worst of all , ` Are you happy ? ' '' And there begins Montag 's conflict with the government and with himself . When he reads a line of a book he realizes that there is no turning back . He ca n't be who he was before . And maybe he does n't want to be . The book is set up as a narrative of one man 's experience in trying to rebel against a world that has almost complete control . It is written partly as a typical novel and partly as a sequence of Montag 's thoughts . The plot is hard to follow in places and often confusing but the idea behind the story is important enough to make reading the book worthwhile . Bradbury attempts to warn us of what the future may hold that we might prevent the beginning of a world of tyranny . He tells us to remember and cherish the attributes that make us who we are . He teaches us to be an individual and challenge the world around us . Although I did not enjoy the novel , because of the confusion , its message is very important if I want a world where what I think and say is important . A world in where I am a person with rights and opinions that are as valued as any other person 's . I do want that world .
 It is a crime that the literary world views SF as nothing more than a second class citizen . This book is , without a doubt , one of the greatest works of fiction of the 20th Century . Because , however , it is also a classic of SF it is not considered to be noteworthy in that regard . Bradbury 's prose can be compared to a surrealist painting . While the plot may seem straight forward , there is so much else to be seen and to know within the story . Definately , this is a book that any self respecting SF fan should be able to say that they have read .
 This book can be summed up in one word
 When in 8th grade I had to read this for school , the first thought that came to mind was `` Oh boy , another dull , uninteresting novel to add on to all the rest . '' Little did I know that Farenheit 451 would come to become one of my favorite books ever . I did n't even need a teacher to tell me what Bradbury was trying to say . That is the strength of his message . When we finished discussing the book in class , I even went out and bought it . Not only is this book exciting , but it is thought provoking as well . If I had my way , I would have this novel , 1984 by Orwell , and Brave New World by Huxley stressed in school far more than the meaningless stories that children have to read . A better understanding of these novels could change the world .
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is perhaps among the greatest books on censorship ever written . At times , it may seem heavyhanded in its approach , and the action , as some reviewers have pointed out may seem a little farfetched . Indeed , who can imagine firemen dousing homes in kerosene and setting them ablaze ? But this is not where the value of the book lies . Its value lies in the warning about the type of society we may become , and perhaps already have . A society where serious thought , questioning , and insight are little valued for fear of causing societal unhappiness and where people coast along in life fed by a constant stream of meaningless and useless information via television , unchallenged in their concepts of life by thoughts that may trouble them.We have now in our society a movement - political correctness - that is dominant on college campuses , a movement that seeks as its ultimate goal the suppression of any thought or idea that may in the least be offensive to another individual or group . In Fahrenheit 451 Fire Captain Beatty explains how Bradbury 's society of the future came to burn books . Minorities of every stripe complained about how they were portrayed in this book or that book , tearing out page by page those sections that were offensive until the day when the `` libraries were shut and minds closed forever . `` There are further fewer active readers in American society today than 50 years ago . The great majority of Americans now have their worldview filtered to them through television , and children are raised on the offerings of mass entertainment from Disney and MTV . It is entertaining sometimes , but it is not the stuff of life . Fahrenheit 451 is indeed a prescient and frightening warning .
 They say that this will be made into another movie by Mel Gibson . It has all ready been made into an indifferent film by Francois Truffaut . In the end , this is one novel that deserves to stay a novel . It will always remain because it tapped into powerful metaphors - firemen STARTING fires instead of putting them out , a society ruled by interactive TV -LRB- or is it really ? -RRB- , banned books , and books as human beings . If we ever do reach a state where books have to live in people 's heads , this will be one of them .
 Farenhiet 451 is an excellent book . It 's set in the future where people are n't allowed to read books . Guy Montag was a fireman whose job was to set books on fire . He meets a girl named Clarice who shows him how you should appreciate what you have in life . He also meets Faber , a professor , who tells him about a future where people can read books and think for themselves . Then , Guy Montag finnaly realizes what he has to do . It 's a great book but it 's not for people who like books where everything turns out happy and they live happily ever after .
 The book is in its own way very ironic . It tells the story of a world where the written word is banned and firemen burn books . The story talks of censorship when the book itself is censored in many countries including in some parts of America . The story itself comes from the authors own point of view . He claimed that as he was growing up he saw Hitler burn books and thought it was one of the most criminal acts he had ever scene . I would n't recomend this book to any who do not like to read , but if you are an intellectual reader then this is the book for you . It brings to life real issues that affect the society today and can open your eyes to things you have never noticed .
 Fahrenheit 451 in my mind is a very well-written book by Ray Bradbury . Sometimes this book did get very weird , but it all had a purpose towards the end of the book . The author of this book had a very good idea for a story like this and he wrote it very well.Guy Montag has had his job for ten years as a fireman , but books were for burning and the houses in which they were hidden . This man goes out on midnight , runs and watches pages become inflamed in fire . Then he meets a professor that tells him in the future when people could think , and then he realizes what he has to do.I enjoyed this book quite a bit and I would recommend this book for you if you like Science Fiction .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book about a man named Montag . His occupation is being a fireman . When this book takes place , which is in the future , the firemen are making fires for books instead of extinguishing fires . Montag meets a girl that 's new to his neighborhood and he walks her home . On the way , he finds out that her name is Clarrise Mclellen . He also found out that she was quite peculiar . Clarisse asked questions like if he was happy .
 First of all I just wa n't to say that I became interested for a rather odd reason . I read an article that said much of the band Radiohead 's artwork was inspired by this book ; as well as some of their little scribbles and a Tee - Shirt.Now I have always respected Radiohead as smart dudes , and have found the image of book burnings full of symbolism . Thus , I gave it a read , and low and behold what do I find ? A beast of a book.All the other reviews pretty much get it right , but I didnt like how one reviewer slammed the idea of how easily the main character was converted . After all , the people who did so read books did they not ? How could he debate with so little knowledge . Also look at people in our world who are converted from other religions . It usually doesnt take much . Some things just FEEL right after you hear it out loud.All in all , I do not consider this science fiction , but more of a political or social commentary.Interesting , Thought provoking , and entertaining ; while maintaining a beatiful simplicity that lets the reader think and imagine .
 Fahrenheit 451 is about a middle aged man named Guy Montag . Guy is a fireman but , instead of putting out fires he starts them . Since all the houses have been fire proofed years ago there was nothing left for firemen to do so they started burning books . Books were a feared thing in the time of Guy . They are mysterious and scarey things so they must be burned.This was a good read . It was short , but excellently writen as are most of Bradbury 's books . It was suspensfull and full of detailed descriptions about everything ranging form the color of the sky to the warmth of the burnig pages of the books . Infact I thought that sometimes there was a little too much description , but that was just me . I really liked the plot . THe idea was really good . Overall it was a very enjoyable book and I would recomend it to everyone . Even if you dont like science fiction I think you could apreciate the way it was written and the elegeant descriptions .
 This book is so frightening and powerful at the same time I have a hard time not asking some people if they 've ever read it . Even today so much of this book rings true it 's downright nightmarish to think how long ago it was written . Anyone looking for a frightening peice of satire need only read Beaty 's speech while Who Wants To Be A Millionare is screaming away in the background . If this book does n't make you want to sell your TV then nothing will .
 Before I read Fahrenheit 451 , our reading teacher , MR. FLEMING THE COOL , instructed us to read Ray Bradbury 's `` The Pedestrian '' , which can be found in `` THE GIVER AND RELATED READINGS '' . Fahrenheit 451 takes place in a future where they burn books . Guy Montag , a Firemen , enjoys his job and the pleasure of burning pages . He meets young Clarisse McClellan , a girl who changes his view of the world and of books . He begins to think and brood . He starts to question why the Firemen burn books and what secrets lie hidden in them . Thus is the bare beginnings of one of the greatest books in modern literature . There are a cast of powerful secondary characters
 Fahrenheit 451 is a great book for any age . The story is about a man named Guy Montag which has a job as a fireman . The only thing that is different is that he sets books ablaze instead of putting out the fire . He meets this girl named Clariesse which tells him of a past when people put out fires and were not afraid . He later meets a man named Faber which teels him of a future and becomes a very important friend . He feels that he is not doing the right thing , so he has to do something about it ! The book takes place in a big city in the future and has strange people around every corner . This book is an exciting , yet mysterious book and when you open it , you wo n't want to put it down .
 I first read this book in high school and loved it . Since then , I 've read it again and still love it . Fahrenhiet 451 addresses the serious issues of censorship and how a controlled society of this sort could limit the well being of society as a whole . In this frightening world Ray Bradbury created , books are not allowed and people are encouraged to escape into fantasy television shows that encourage shallow thinking . Guy Montag , a fireman who burns books , begins to question his reality and sets out on a journey in pursuit of freedom and truth . The novel is highly thought provoking because it encourages its readers to think about societal rules and to question the structural foundations of the group mentality . It was also an exciting read .
 What else can be said about Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 ? Nothing , but I 'll try . It is an amazing book , with an amazing plot , an amazing story , and it must be read by anyone who enjoys dystopian themes . The world that Ray Bradbury envisions in Fahrenheit 451 is as close to realistic horror as it can get for any thinking individual - not even Stephen King could create anything as truly horrific .
 It 's hard to think of what to write in a review for your favorite novel , but I will certainly try . Fahrenheit 451 is frightening in the fact that the events laid out are plausible ; it 's completely accessible to a variety of readers . It has everything that a dystopic novel needs , even if the future setting is a bit vague . Bradbury 's writing has stood the test of time and there 's no doubt that high schoolers will still be studying this novel in another 50 years .
 This book does a fine job at creating a dysfunctional , brainwashed American society of the future completely controlled by a dictator-like government . The story is easy to follow and has the moral of never lossing hope when everything around you feels lost . The book does n't have too much deep meaning behind it , which means it basically reads out how it reads out . Ray Bradbury is a good author of these types , and provides interesting scenarios for these characters .
 Obviously , most can tell if a book is good or not . This book hits you with an immediate blast of curiosity . By the time that you have finished part 1 of the book , you simply must go on and find out the truth about so many things . Is she really dead ? What 's going to happen next ? Its all included in this book . I suggest that you go and pick this book up just for the enjoyment . I am not an avid reader nor do I enjoy reading , but with this book , I was forced to make an exception . Pick it up , and enjoy !
 From the standpoint of literature as a whole , it seems 451 is an important piece of work simply because of its eternal message of censorship . Ray Bradbury was a science fiction writer but managed to elevate this novel to the most important rungs of the literary community , something not many SF authors do . There 's a reason for that vacuum - typically SF writing is dry , much like 451 . It 's a good novel , but I do n't think it added much to realm of science fiction as it did to the literary community.Science fiction novels from the 50s and 60s have a distinct feel and flow to them and Fahrenheit 451 is no exception . Like many of the other novels of the era , 451 was based on a short story written and was later lengthened to a novel . The basis is simple
 I have read this book more than once , when I first read it I had to for school but really enjoyed it . I read it again and even watched the movie , the book is way better . Very good message for those that think books are bad and useless . Books remind us of the past and can help us in our day to day lives .
 Orded two books in December , and got this one just the other day -LRB- it 's now the end of January -RRB- . Again this was done over Christmas when the Post Offices are clogged up with post . The book is in mint condition . Thanks !
 This book is a real classic in the same league as A. Huxley 's ` Brave New World ' or G. Orwell 's ` Nineteen Eighty Four ' . It is a picture of a totalitarian State at war , where people have no friends , no families , no houses . They are surrounded only by walls of TV screens . They know only things , not the meaning of things . People are made equal , being snatched from the cradle and pounded into submission . They function with automatic reflexes . They have no time to think , no education and no responsibilities -LRB- and consequences -RRB- . They have to forget the rest of the world . All books have to be burned . All memories of former times have to be destroyed . ` Intellectual ' is a swear world . Those who resist -LRB- the ` antisocials ' -RRB- are killed.But , there are still dens of resistance of older people who escaped the brainwashing.Their message is ` stop making the goddamn funeral pyres . We must remember , dig the biggest grave of all times and shove war in it and cover it up . ` This remarkably memorable book is a must read for all lovers of freedom and peace.N.B . This book contains an important interview with the author .
 Great book with a cautionary tale ! I do n't know how anyone who could understand the books message give this book a bad review . . ? Anyway , all around Fahrenheit 451 is a great book !
 The book Fahrenheit 451 was a very realistic novel . I believe the future will bring people to eventually hate books . There are more and more ways to read a book without even reading . Television is a big part in why people today do not want to read . Children begin watching TV at a very early age and just lose complete interest in reading period . There have been studies where watching television for a couple of hours each day causes ADD which will effect the amount of reading a person will do.This is an easy read for any type of reader . There is a clearly outlined plot . There is nowhere to get confused or even lost . Guy Montag is a fireman who burns books . Now you might think a fireman burning books is lame but it really just makes this entire novel so much more interesting to read . The people ca n't even remember the last time a fireman put out a fire ! Than Guy Montag 's new neighbor clarrise shows him why reading is not bad but good . Clarrise shows him the beauty of reading and all of its positive feedbacks . Of course this is a very dangerous game he is playing for if he would get caught he could be arrested . When Montag finds out that his chief fireman knows he has a stash of books in is house Montags ends up burning his own house down.The Characters in this book are explained to you in a really interesting way . Guy Montag is explained in great detail on both his physical appearance as a fireman and mentally . Each character is explained on how he or she acts and this helped me a lot when I was reading this book it helped me understand each character a lot better than any other book .
 The book fahrenheit 451 was a very realistic novel . I believe the future will bring people to eventually hate books . There are more and more ways to read a book without even reading . Television is a big part in why people today do not want to read . Children begin watching TV at a very early age and just lose complete interest in reading period . There have been study 's where watching television for a couple of hours each day causes causes ADD which will effect the amount of reading a person will do.The book Fahrenheit 451 was a very realistic novel . I believe the future will bring people to eventually hate books . There are more and more ways to read a book without even reading . Television is a big part in why people today do not want to read . Children begin watching TV at a very early age and just lose complete interest in reading period . There have been studies where watching television for a couple of hours each day causes ADD which will effect the amount of reading a person will do.This is an easy read for any type of reader . There is a clearly outlined plot . There is nowhere to get confused or even lost . Guy Montag is a fireman who burns books . Now you might think a fireman burning books is lame but it really just makes this entire novel so much more interesting to read . The people ca n't even remember the last time a fireman put out a fire ! Than Guy Montag 's new neighbor clarrise shows him why reading is not bad but good . Clarrise shows him the beauty of reading and all of its positive feedbacks . Of course this is a very dangerous game he is playing for if he would get caught he could be arrested . When Montag finds out that his chief fireman knows he has a stash of books in is house Montags ends up burning his own house down.The Characters in this book are explained to you in a really interesting way . Guy Montag is explained in great detail on both his physical appearance as a fireman and mentally . Each character is explained on how he or she acts and this helped me a lot when I was reading this book it helped me understand each character a lot better than any other book .
 Guy Montag is a fireman whose job it is to find books and burn them . A short while into the story it becomes apparent that Montag already has a certain unease about his job , when he meets a new neighbor of his , Clarisse McClellan , who makes him realize the discomfort he 's been feeling . He and the other people around him , including his boss , the Fire Chief , become doubtful of his devotion to his job . This book follows Montag on his journey as he discovers the impotance of literature in a world where knowledge is strictly prohibited.The characters are for the most part non-charismatic and without enthusiasm , with the exception of Clarisse who , having served her purpose , dies within the first few pages . It 's a shame , but it is balanced out by the introduction of an old professor named Faber . Both these characters act as guides for Montag as he becomes self-aware and abandons his ignorance.This is the first book in a long time that has made me really think , about what the book means , about what the future will look like , about a life without books . It is an extraordinary piece of writing about a repressive society caught up in its own rules and ideas . Reading through it and hearing as the Chief describes to Montag the history , the process of how slowly , books went from being solely for intellectuals , to being superfluous and completely replaced by television , and finally to being illegal , hits very close to home . While the situations in this books are very extreme , it brings out ideas of this two-dimensional world that does n't seem so far away .
 Farenheit 451 was overall a good book . It did have some strong points as well as its weak points as well . The characters in the novel I thought were very well developed and gave enough detail to make you get a picture in your mind about what he/she looked like . The character that I thought was the best developed out of them all was Guy Montag . He was described physically but also mentally so you could really understand what he was thinking in certain cituations , like how he goes against his heritage of a fireman and decides to start reading books . Guy was a fireman , and firemen in these times burned books . The book says '' First Fireman
 Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is a important and influential book . When written in 1953 he did n't know he was going to predict today 's society . Guy Montag , the protagonist , loved his work as a firefighter . He seemed to liked nothing better than to start a fire on a pile of books and watch the pages burn . Until , one day he meets his new neighbor Clarisse , a young girl to whom is educated about the world . They began talking and she asked Montag `` Are you happy ? '' . After returning home from meeting his new neighbor he looks at his wife , in bed and listening to `` little seashells '' in her ears which entertains her mind during the night , The author says `` he wore his happiness like a mask and the girl had run off across the lawn with the mask and there was no way of going to knock on her door and ask for it back . '' he realizes that indeed he is n't happy . Montag realizes his wife has tried to overdose on sleeping pill and she is taking to the hospital and revived . To much for Montag to handle , he becomes observant . Montag and Clarisse begin meeting up everyday and walking to the subway together and sharing and talking about each other . When Clarisse one day disappears , Montag starts hiding books in his home . His wife Mildred does not agree and she turns him in . Forcing Montag to set fire to his own house . When Montag knew he was caught by his boss Captain Beatty he threw fire on them and fled to avoid arrest , Montag now a delinquent joined a group of scholars whom were outlawed because they kept the contents of books in their heads . I liked this novel because it is very honest , it shows how the society does not always change for the people , but the people can change for the society . You will never see a time or a place where everyone agrees with the same thing and this novel is a great interpretation of a two sided belief -LRB- books vs. no books -RRB- . The novel shows what censorship can do to a society , and the importance of free speech . People must learn to accept different views , whether they agree totally with them or not .
 Living in philadelphia could not have been any more boring or easy . A teenager by the name of Mattie runs away from everyday house chores and never wants to work at the family owned coffee shop with her widowed mother and grandfather . She dreams of making the coffee shop the finest Philadelphia has ever seen . Until ... disease sweeps Philadelphia right off it 's feet . Fever breaks out throughout all of the town , into homes , shops , streets , and cities . The fever that has been smothering Philadelphia is called the Yellow Fever . The fever kills everything in it 's way seeming as if it was coming straight to Mattie and her family . Can Mattie and her family survive the most devastating thing that has spread throughout Philadelphia in the blink of a yellow eye . Her diary Fever 1793 tells it all . It keeps the reader in great suspense throughout the entire novel making them contemplate what will happen next in the story.In the story Mattie is living a normal teenage life when the Fever hits . She is forced to stay and watch over her old grandfather and not see her mother because she catches the fever . Her mother ends up temporarily moving away when her fever symptoms worsen , so that Mattie does not catch it from her . Everyday after that Mattie wakes up thinking if her mother is still alive . She now takes care of her funny grandfather as well as taking care for herself day by day . As the plot rages on Mattie becomes a more mature girl turning into a responsible young woman at the end . She has to face the daily challenges of seeing friends die and lifeless corpses lying on the ground in the streets . She learns to live with the Fever around her by learning survival techniques her grandfather teaches her . He teaches her how to shop for good food , know that moss only grows on one side of the tree , how to be herself and most important how to survive the fever . Mattie and her grandfather try to escape the fever diseased town but the police end up not letting them get out of the town on account that they might have it and spread it to other people and places . As time goes on a little the Fever gets worse , hospitals are overworked and overloaded , all shops are closed . No one can buy newspapers to know what 's going on , all grocery , and clothing stores are closed because the owners do not want to catch the disease . This makes everything in the town worse people starved and broken because of the loss of work.A large incident in the story is when Mattie and her grandfather come back to the coffee shop to find the store windows broken and the entire shop ruined into pieces . Disgusting teenagers and other people rob stores when the owners are away in hiding from the fever , such as Mattie and her grandfather . Almost everything in the coffee shop is gone except for the hidden money case . But the next thing you know two new teenage robbers come but find that Mattie and her grandfather are in the store . The two boys go after Mattie because she has the money jar in her hands but grandfather tries to defend her by fighting them and does a pretty good job at it . But the boys were young with a lot of energy and they would not give up . Grandfather soon got tired and the boys started to beat on him . Mattie secretly took the gun and tried to shoot the boy but missed . And now the boys started to go after Mattie with a knife but grandfather jumped in the way and got stabbed by one of the boys . As soon as the two boys realize what they have done they run away.So if you love books that keep your heart beating fast ; or if you enjoy a fun filled adventurous book ; or even a book that can make you cry ; than the book Fever 1793 is right book for you .
 Imagine you live in a world where no one thought . No one thinks about their job , no one thinks about their rights , no one thinks about their families , and no one thinks about their education . Imagine , there were no worries in the world . Does this appeal to you ? Fahrenheit 451 is a novel about a man coming to know the destructive society he is living in . His culture is such that if you own a book , you are burnt along with the book . For people who read are corrupted , their minds have been filled with silly ideas and should n't be able to spread them to others . People are n't educated well , and have no opinion . This leads people into a culture where thought is prohibited . He meets a girl who opens up his eyes into `` a past where people -LSB- were -RSB- not afraid '' -LRB- on the back of the Book -RRB- . The story outlines the struggle that came with his recognition and and a changed , happier Montag . I loved the book , and think it taught many lessons . Although the world Montag lives in is not alike to ours in that our society prohibits us to think , I would still say that we are on our way to it . This book should be read by our entire populous . It helped me realize the blinding culture that we live in . I rate this book 5 stars . Good writing . Good themes . Good story . Amazing lesson .
 Fahrenheit 451 is quite simply an amazing book . Ray Bradbury draws a picture of a futuristic society in which books are banned-all books . Then he uses creative , real-like characters to present it to you . Each and every character has his or her own uniqueness . The opening line - `` It was a pleasure to burn '' is a perfect way to start off a book about burning books . I especially enjoyed the character Clarisse McClellan . It was she who introduced Montag to a different kind of world ; one in which he could look at everything with more then just his eyes . The part of the book in which Clarisse was letting raindrops fall into her mouth was quite amusing . When Clarisse and Montag part , Montag tilted his head backward and let the raindrops fall in his mouth . I really think the character Clarisse was a great addition to the novel . It helps the readers feel the words of the book all the way up to the surprising ending . The overall quality of this book is great . I would recommend this book to almost anyone . I do , however , think if you are not at all into futuristic , fictional books then this is not the one for you . I would give this novel four out of five stars .
 Ray Bradbury 's ` Fahreneheit 451 ' is a classic that almost everyone should read before they get out of high school or college . It is not just for science fiction fans , but for lovers of good storytelling .
 Definetly this book is worth reading , it is interesting that even dough it was written in the 50s it represents many of today 's issues , it is profetic in many ways.Book burning is only a representation of ways to hide knoledge , this can also be done by controling newspapers and news in general , by limiting information to a society or prohibiting books.Are we to far from fiction ? , when our rights are steped on in the name of freedom something is seriously wrong , someone once said that going to war in the name of peace is like having sex in the name of virginity.I like the ending of this book , but to be honest I really beleive the story could have been done much better , I still give it four stars because I found the main issue , that is , free thinking and access to knoledge , are very well ejemplified trough the story , and it really gives the reader something to analize , it also makes for a great round table discussion .
 In this book , Bradbury demonstrates his talent of symbolism as he brings the inner meaning of the book to our eyes . 451 takes place in a distant future far from our time . In a world where the government is afraid that people will learn -LRB- from books -RRB- and rebel , firemen no longer are called to the scene to put out fires , but to start them . In this warp society , burning books is a swift , fast way to take out all education , and people who strive for it . Guy Montag , a fireman , meets a young girl who tells him about a past where things were totally different , and once more sparks his intrest in books he had before . In this book , Bradbury tells us about censorship . It gets the reader thinking is it good or bad ? Could Bradbury be forshadowing what our lives will soon become ? Overall , this book was good . It got me to think about how our life would be like if I was in the book . I would reccomend it for anyone who is willing to give it a try .
 FARENHEIT 451 IS A BOOK I READ IN MY LANGUAGE ARTS CLASS IT TAKES PLACE IN THE FUTURE WHERE FIREMEN START FIRES INSTEAD OF PUTTING THEM OUT . THE GOVERNMENT CONTROLS THE PEOPLE BY THE TV . THE MAIN CHARACTTER OF THE BOOK IS GUY MONTAG WHO IS ONE OF THE FIREMEN OR BOOK BURNERS.I THOUGHT IT WAS A GREAT BOOK BECAUSE IT TAUGHT ME THAT WE SHOULD VALUE BOOKS AND NOT TAKE THEM FOR GRANITE .
 A Review by RyanOne night , while walking home from work , Guy Montag runs into a girl named Clarisse McClellan . This girl changes Montag 's life and helps him notice that he not really happy . This setting is in the future when books are banned both to read and to have possession of . Montag had a job as a firefighter , but he was not assigned to stop fires from spreading . Instead hid job was to burn books and the houses in which they were hidden . Whenever Montag was at work , he always felt wrong when he was burning books . This change occurred after he met Clarisse . She helped him notice that books were a good thing . But one day at work Montag was faced with choice to either burn a book , or to keep the book and read it . I wo n't tell you what happens next because that would ruin the book.I liked a lot of things about this book , but the thing that enjoyed most was the amount of description and detail . When you read the book you could just picture yourself as the main character and see clearly in full detail you surroundings . Most authors lack this amount of imagination . Second I like the pace at which this book flows . It was n't too fast or too slow . It would first fully explain one part of the story before it moved on to another part . I also liked the way he wrote this book . It was in such a way that you just had to keep reading until you finished the whole book . Third , I liked the vocabulary that Bradbury used . The words he used made his book sound professional , but the words were not so complex that you ca n't understand them . The vocabulary also helps in the descriptions that Bradbury made.I would strongly recommend this book to anyone who has a ninth grade reading level or higher . I think it is the type of book that anyone who reads would enjoy reading this book . People who enjoy science - fiction would like this book even better . I say this is a must read book .
 Constructed in a more modern and futuristic society , Fahrenheit 451 is a book in which future firemen actually burn the books , apparently for the `` bettering '' of the book 's society . Most people say that this book is about cesorship . But if you dive behind the printed text , you will see the true meaning behind this book . Bradbury satirizes -LSB- in this book -RSB- what our society is slowly becomig through our own intellectualism -LRB- s -RRB- . And that has been my thesis statement for the three papers I have written on this book
 When we first started reading this book in class -LRB- 8 * 4 !! -RRB- , I found it was a very interesting , complex book . Bradbury seemed to hold on to my attention through the whole book . I think that , after reading this book , everyone will have a new perspective on our current society . From reading about Montag 's quest to find out the truth behind the illegal books and the weird laws of his generation 's government , it taught me to appreciate what I have now , and to pray that our world will never come to the point where they want to ban books all together from their love to new technology and a faster , better , easier way of life . Reading this great piece of work makes you , just as Montag , question ... . are these people really happy ?!? You learn throughout the book that it is important be able to think on your own , rather than being a mindless person just sitting as a statue -LCB- :-RRB- trick -RCB- in front a TV , watching what the government wants you to watch , not what you want to watch . I learned a very valuable lesson from this book that I will cherish for the rest of my life .
 When I first started reading Farenheit 451 , I thought this book was a little strange . But after reading more of the book , I became mezmorized by the graphic detail and colorful language.The way Ray Bradbury writes has a disturbing realism to it . He writes about the future , but his thoughts are centered around the present.Guy Montag was a fireman , not fighter . His job was to seek out books , and burn them . But his whole life changed when he met Clarisse . With three words , Guys life was turned upside down `` Are You Happy ? '' Is he happy or has he been forced to be `` happy ? '' Through the book , Guy sees the horrors of his life , and the lives of others . Everyone is oblivious to the torture they are experiencing . Guy wants out but society wo n't let him go . Guy has books , a fireman has books , books . Now society has turned its back on him , his house is burnt and he is fighting for his life . There are others like him , though , others who contain a forbidden knowledge , the knowledge of a book ...
 Farenheit 451 was a chellenging , yet enjoyable read . It was weird how some of the things Ray Bradbury thought the future would be like fifty years ago , are what is going on now . For example most of our lives tend to center around work and television , and not as much as books . Thes TVs are almost to the point of being the size of a wall . I would never have read this book if we had n't been assigned to read it in Langauge Arts class .
 I thought Farenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury was an excellent book . I loved the metaphors , similies , and symbolism throughout the book -LRB- although at first I had no idea what the guy was talking about haha -RRB- . That was one of my favorite things about it . I also liked the plot of this story . At first , I thought , `` This is so weird , who would think of a future with no books and firemen starting fires instead of extinguishing them ? '' But as the book progressed , I started to realize that this could actually be possible in reality in the future . Right now , most of us would go and reach for the remote instead of a book . Yea , do n't try to hide it , you know it 's true . Anyways , if this habit of ours soon becomes like a big thing , Ray Bradbury 's idea of a book-burning future would n't be too out there , if ya know what I mean.I reccomend this book to 7th-8th graders and above , since there are many similies , metaphors , symbolism , etc. in this book -LRB- as stated before -RRB- that younger readers would n't understand . At first it 's hard to understand for anyone , including myself , but if you 're daring enough to try it out , this is the book for you !
 I am sad to say I had not read this book till age 27 . What was wrong with my high school ? No Bell Jar , no 451 ? * Anyway * fascinating read and crazy to think that books may be obsolete in the future , quite sad , since I 'm an avid reader . The premise of the story is about a fireman who knows nothing else but his job and what life is like now , until he meets a young `` strange '' girl who discusses actual real life with him . After that , Montag starts to wonder things outside the realm of what he always knew and starts to question his job and the purpose of burning books . He ends up rebelling and fighting for the cause.If you liked 1984 , this book is similar is some aspects -LRB- to me at least -RRB- . The sad bleak future that these authors dreamed up with the loss of individualism and the control of telescreens/televisions everywhere with lack of intellect .
 Fahrenheit 451 is the story of Guy Montag in a future where most people live their lives in willful ignorance and the job of firemen is to find books and burn them . The story follows Guy , who is a firemen , as his new neighbor gets him to open his eyes to the world around him . The plot is enough to keep any reader chugging along , but the main hook to this book is Ray Bradbury 's disturbing vision of the future . You can form your own opinions on if its an accurate vision , but whether you think it is going to happen or it is just a load of crap , it should defineatly get you to think about the world around you . This book certainly deserves the 5 stars I gave it and if you have n't read it then I seriously suggest you get a copy .
 An interesting story of book censorship and the consequences of mankind if we allow this to get out of had . This version of the book has an interview with the author at the ned which I really enjoyed reading .
 Fahrenheit 451 depicts the book about Guy Montag who is shaken out of his complacency by a sixteen-year-old , Clarisse . She show Montag the wonders of nature and Montag begins to question his job of burning books because he sees them as a gateway to nature . Montag 's rebellious spirit builds up until he finally explodes . An old Professor , Faber , leads Montag on the right path and Montag finally feels at home at the end of the book . This book depicts what could happen in the future if we are not careful because the time Montag lives in is a time of great censorship and the Government is issuing the order of destruction of books . Montag is feels this preasure and he does not feel at home with all these other people . This book reminds us that we should not loose ourselves in just having fun and to live a real life .
 It 's always been a recurring theme
 I do not want to tell much of the story , as the unfolding is part of the intrigue . However now that houses are fire proof the purpose of firemen is performing a service by burning books to maintain the happy social order.Naturally one fireman goes awry after several emotional incidences from someone burning up with the books to a young neighbor with strange ways , which run counter to his carrier . This leads to all kinds of deviant things like reading . What are you doing now?One big rift between the book and the movie -LSB- Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- 1966 -RRB- -- Oscar Werner , Julie Christie -RSB- is that in the movie the `` written word '' was completely removed -LRB- even from the credits -RRB- ; where as in the book the state was against was literature and not technical writing.Books are just symbols of ideas that could have been on the screen also . There is deference between training and education . Among other reasons the book was a symbol of one mans superiority over another in a world of equals.Fahrenheit 451
 This was the first serious book I read as a teenager and it changed my life forever . I had no idea up till then how one human being could be so perceptive about what was going on around him and be able to describe it is such beauutiful prose as that used by Ray Bradbury . It made me seek out other books to where now at the age of 54 , I have a substantial library . I hope this book never goes out of print , although I 'm sure there 's no fear of that in the near future .
 This was a great book because it shows they world where you can not think on your own and decide on your own . Life would be different if there were no book and where the government thinks for you .
 In the book Fahrenheit 451 the main characters name is Guy Montag . Guy is a fireman that burns books and sets houses on fire instead of the normal fireman that puts out the flames . During the course of the book Montag goes through many different phases . The most important phase is where he starts wondering about books . Since all his life he has been taught that books are bad and only to burn them , he is curious what books are about . During the time that he is going through his mysterious phases he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan , who opens her eyes to the emptiness of his life . Montag met this girl one night when he was taking a walk at about midnight . Montag also meets a very important character named Faber . Faber is an old English professor that likes books and knows a lot about them . Over the story Montag has Faber set him up with a retired publisher , to help publish books . At the time that Montag is trying to publish books the fireman are chasing him , because his wife turned him in.Guy Montag is a fireman who suddenly realizes the emptiness of his life and starts to search for meaning in the books he is supposed to be burning . He quickly forms unusually strong bonds with anyone who seems to have true friendship with him . His biggest regret in life is not having a better relationship with his wife . And because he did n't have a very good relationship with his wife that is why she turned him in to the fireman and got there house burned.The way that Ray Bradbury makes this book seem is incredible . He has a special talent that lets him really involve and capture the reader 's attention . while I read this book I felt as if I was a silent observer that stood next to Guy Montag every where he went . I loved this book , and would definitely recommend this book to anybody who loves a great adventure and thrill .
 I think that Ray Bradbury did a fantastic job on this book . The detail and the wording was unlike anything I 've read before . There were some phrases that were hard to follow , but most of them were amazing detail with some extravagant crosses nightmarish . I 've read one other poem of Ray Bradbury 's and that too was very nightmarish . Both though were incredible pieces of writing.The basic plot is that is the world is in a futuristic state where the cars go over 100 's of mph , about everything is electronic , there are TV programs that you play a character in a soap , and firemen do n't put out fires . Yes , that is right firemen do n't put out fires they start them , and they start them by igniting books . The only way to describe what having books in the book is like if someone in our society was to murder someone . In the book if you have a book it is considered a felony and firemen come and burn books . Not only do they burn the books the person who is caught with them are sent to jail . The reason these books are being burnt is because they figure that the root cause of anger and prejudice so if there was a book that was controversial then bam it 's gone , and eventually all the books were ruled against . Guy Montag a normal man for his job skin slightly burnt with black smudges , fairly large , with the fireman look . He had never questioned his jobs or what he was supposed to do . Until one day when he meets Clarisse McClellan a seventeen-year old girl ; who tells him about what United States was before , and what the job of firemen were before the book burning era . Montag 's life takes a dramatic change from the point when Clarisse enters . Clarisse talks about living a life and looking around and smelling flowers and opening you mouth and catching raindrops in your mouth . Montag first thought Clarisse was absurd and crazy to do all these things because doing these things were no accustom to this generation , it was fun to be with the `` family '' this family is n't the traditional family it 's a soap opera where the person plays a part in it . Montag learns the truth of what firemen use to do before the book burning age . Montag thinks it 's total nonsense but soon learns better . Clarisse disappears one day , and Montag ca n't find out why she is gone then his wife tells him that last week she had died , and her family had left . Montag then remembers the only other person he had ever met that was like Clarisse was Faber . Faber is a retired professor ; there is no need for professors because there are no books . Faber is willing to help Montag , because Montag is the only one who recognizes that there is a problem , and the only one who wants to make a difference . Montag takes what Faber has called alternate brain and puts it in his ear and can hear Faber 's voice . Montag headed to the station , Montag had just settled in when they got a call that would change his life forever.This was on of the most amazing books that I 've ever read and all of the twists and great action kept me reading until the very end . I think it would be very interesting if someone would write a sequel to Fahrenheit 451 after the big ending it leaves some space to make a sequel .
 I am a student at a high school and I finished reading `` Farenheit 451 '' in a week and a half . I was very much impressed by the story and how it gets better after the introduction I thought it would be boring book about a firemen but it 's a story that takes turns all around . The characters are all taken very much into mind . He gives them all unique personalities , although it 's a short story , each chapter is like a bio on one of the many characters .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a very good story about a struggling public servant who is deeply confused by the twisted world that surrounds him . As a fireman in this backwards society , he is expected to burn books and the houses that contain them , but can no longer bring himself to do it as he once did . Books are outlawed and burned because they are the source of much confusion and varying points of view . The government could not bear it any longer , so it opted to simply destroy the books . Firemen are now employed to start fires instead of stopping them . The main character is Guy Montag , along with his wife Mildred and Fire Captain Beatty . Montag tries very hard to beat the system by hiding and reading books , but can not contain his frustration . He is found out and flees to save his life.Guy Montag is my favorite character in this book . He goes through many changes and has quite an adventure . In the end , in order to escape and be free , he has to defeat his boss and kill the deadly Mechanical Hound , which is a machine used to track down fugitives.Fahrenheit 451 is also a story about the contradictory principle of censorship . Ray Bradbury shows what the effects of censorship are mental unrest and dissatisfaction with the quality of life . He writes about it hoping to get the attention and open the reader 's eyes to face this evident threat that is in fact a reality.I can , in some way , relate to Montag . He was different from most people and managed to beat the system in the end . Although I have never killed any one or burned down houses like he did , but I do share the same spirit of dissatisfaction with the rules of society . There are many things wrong with this world that I am not happy with . Much of my unhappiness is towards hypocrisy . For example , how can the government mandate that an 18 year old male go and die for the US , yet he can not be declared financially independent until he is 24 ? Or how can this same 18 year old male cast a vote to put a man into office and elect a president , but he can not have a drop of alcohol until he is 21 ? Like Montag , I also struggle with society 's rules and points of view . We may differ in cause , but the spirit is the same.I enjoyed reading this book . Mr. Bradbury knows how to tell a good story . I especially liked the climax , which was , of course , the best part of the book . The only thing that I do not like , perhaps due to my impatience , are the long and wordy monologues . But then again , these are essential to the storyline of the book . This is how Bradbury is able to explain confusing parts in the story . He uses them as a movie would use flashbacks . If it were up to me , I would just put a little more action in these parts.Of course , as would almost all readers of this story , I highly recommend this book . Students from grade level 9 and up will be able to truly appreciate it . Perhaps the misfits and outcasts in this society will enjoy it more , but in all , this is a good book for every one . Fahrenheit 451 will fit well in any literary collection , be it political or sci-fi or both .
 What can I say that has not already been said . It is a bit dark and too short , but a great effort none the less .
 While 1984 has been imbedded in popular culture to the point where the 10 people who watch big brother do n't know where the name comes from . Bradbury predicts political correctness 40 years before it was created and public apathy to war . In these days of Weakest Link and Cliff Notes , this should be required reading .
 I absolutely loved this book and think it should be required reading in every school in America . It 's a quick read but it 's packed with a wonderful story that should not be forgotten .
 the book was great . i just finished reading it yesterday and this is a book that you ca n't put down . you should read it too .
 THIS SHyT IS FREAKY AND REALLY COOL YOU SHOULD GIVE IT A TRY YOU WILL LIKE IT TRUST ME
 Well while waiting for a late friend I happened to be wanderingaround a bookstore when this book caught my eye . I had heard about itsomewhere but I was n't really sure what it was about . I picked it up and read a few pages , walked to the cashier and bought it . Not just because it addressed important issues of censorship , but because it made me really CARE about censorship and how important the issue was .
 Fahrenheit 451 is more important today than it was on the day it was written
 In the year 1953 Ray Bradbury wrote a book about something that , I think , could very well happen in the year 2000 and the years thereafter . The whole book , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' , is about the banning of books . This issue has gotten worse over the years and if it continues maybe firemen will indeed be paid to burn our books.In `` Fahrenheit 451 '' Guy Montag , the main character , is a fireman who realizes people should have the right to read books . He realizes that books mean a lot to the people who own them and after years of never thinking twice about burning a house down he watches a woman burn herself with her house because she wanted to die right along with her books . Guy comes up with a plan to get revenge on other firemen in an effort to stop book banning.At some points of the book Ray Bradbury 's writing was a bit confusing . He brought up different characters and stories out of the blue and I really had to think to figure out how those events pertained to the main story . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was the second science fiction book I 've read by Ray Bradbury . I also read `` October County '' , a book of short stories . I do have to say that that book was also confusing , but was good because of the author 's great description of places and people . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is good if you like to think while you read . I think it has a good message about the banning of books and I 'm glad I spent my time reading it .
 Guy Montag is a fireman , however in this book , firemen do not put out fires , instead they burn books . Set in a future time , it is illegal to read or own books . Farenheit 451 is the temperature it takes for a page in a book to catch fire.One night , walking home from work , Montag meets his new neighbor , a 17 year old girl named Clarisse McClellan . Clarisse is a free thinking spirit , who surprises him with her genuine curiosity about life , she questions things instead of just accepting blind answers . She and Montag become friends and she talks to him about the past , when firefighters actually fought fires instead of burning books.When Montag goes home that night , he finds his wife , Mildred , has overdosed on sleeping pills . He calls the medics and Mildred is saved . But Montag begins to begins to question his own way of life and his happiness.One night while on call , Montag arrives at a womans house to burn her books . The woman refuses to leave , and instead dies that night in her burning home . Montag is greatly distressed over this and begins to have second thoughts about his way of life . While he was at the womans home , he grabbed a book to sneak out with him . It turns out Montag has been collecting and hiding books in his house for some time . He tells his wife this and shows her his collection , but she is so brainwashed that she does n't care about the books and wants him to burn them too . So he decides to look up a retired English professor who he knows has books stashed in his house , a man named Faber . He hopes Faber can answer some of his questions.I read Farenheit 451 without knowing anything about it , I just knew that Ray Bradbury wrote it and that it is considered a modern classic . So when I went to my local library and stumbled upon this book , I grabbed it off the shelf and figured i 'd give it a go . I am so glad I did , it is a great read . I was hooked from page one . The storyline was really good , I found it to be creepy the way society was brainwashed and how they lived in an oppressed world without books . I liked Montag very much . It 's almost like he was sleeping all that time , then finally woke up and snapped out of it.Mildred creeped me out , especially the way she spoke , it was very disjointed , she makes offhand remarks , almost like she 's drugged.I think most off all , I enjoyed this one so much because I like books that are about books .
 Fahrenheit 451 written in the 1950 's describes a future to which we still may be on our way . The book follows main character , Guy Montag a fireman , though as ordinary as this sounds his job is to burn books . Books are burnt in this society because they do n't want people to have thought or ideas . Montag goes through everyday life and does not question it until he meets the first character that changes him . A young girl , Clarisse speaks of books and the world and makes Montag begin to think until one day she suddenly disappears . Pushing Montag with temptation until he takes a book . He must keep it secret so his life remains safe . Faber , an old English scholar helps guide Montag on his journey of self-awareness . Eventually , Mildred his wife turns him in for possession of a book , he is called to burn books though they bring him to burn his own house . His struggle for survival begins as the war does and he flees the city.Bradbury puts so much , into a quick read . This novel talking about censorship , defiance , and self thought is woven beautifully into the pages . The twists and turns with misleading plots and the underlying meanings makes you read things once or twice before the true meaning is found . You begin to realize his predictions of massive `` wall televisions '' which people spend all day watching came true . Overall the book is well written , well condensed , and has a great theme .
 It was pretty good , gets to the point were sometimes there was too much description .
 If you are a thinker , Faherenheit 451 is book for you . You will also want to readZollocco
 While a good read with strong themes , I struggle to grasp why this book is considered such a `` classic '' by so many . I 'll admit - I am no one to judge what a `` classic '' is , but it would be nice if someone could explain it to me - as there are other books out there that drive at similar points but are considered far less noteworthy.That being said , there were some strong themes running through this book that seem very prophetic - the book was written in the 1950s , and I caught myself more than once drawing on Bradbury 's `` exaggerations '' -LRB- at the time -RRB- to current society . Such as the mass media -LRB- or propaganda -RRB- and mind control - crippling people 's ability to think for themselves - and in fact doing the `` thinking '' for them . This is a central theme and one of the reasons behind the burning of books - as books make you think and loosen one 's ability to control . And similarly , the -LRB- television -RRB- media 's creation of short attention spans -LRB- immediately looking for the climax of a story - otherwise attention drifts -RRB- - creating a society that shallowly drifts from one climax to another , without every really grabbing a hold of anything . Senses have been dulled to the point where no one actually sees anything - to the point that it 's suggested that society would n't know what grass or flowers were - only if you showed them a green blur would the recognize grass -LRB- as they are so busy driving fast to get to their next `` climax '' they do n't see anything else -RRB- . Both of these create a mindless society that lacks anything beneath the surface . Bradbury displays the deterioration this causes with the Mildred character - Montag 's numb wife whose only satisfaction is her television `` family '' , and who presents a shallow faade of happiness - but who in reality is miserable -LRB- poignantly displayed when she attempts to kill herself towards the beginning of the novel -RRB- . I think she represents society in general - what Montag is `` supposed '' to be but is breaking free from.Although interpreted to be exaggerations at the time - one can link these ideas to current society -LRB- in the 2000s -RRB- . The ever shrinking attention span as technology develops new and newer media outlets -LRB- television , video games , Internet , iPods - all moving us further away from books -RRB- . The mindless shows and distractions we watch to help us escape from our own lives -LRB- I do n't mean to sound like I 'm on a high horse here - I do the same thing -RRB- ; the mind control of masses by spin networks and political twisting . One reviewer mentioned the absurdity of intellectuals being banished to the far forest outside the city -LRB- in the book -RRB- - but what angle do you think `` political strategists '' are playing when they label President Obama an elitist , or rave about the liberal academia ? The tension between knowledge and ignorance was one of the main reasons for the banishment of books in the book . I 'm not suggesting that book burning is around the corner - only that the seeds that seem to have created Bradbury 's fictional society are the same seeds that are present today.Overall - as mentioned a good book - and one that continues to grow on me -LRB- perhaps it is a classic after all ? -RRB- .
 Excellent Service ! Book came promptly , even faster than I ever expected ! I never thought this one would be available in hardcover.Many thanks .
 And I highly enjoyed reading this book . The storyline may be a bit complicated but if you stick with it , you will eventually understand Guy Montag 's world . I reccomend this book for High School kids and up .
 This a classic must-read . Deep , interesting and a parable . Dont ' t miss reading it .
 I picked this up to re-read , had n't since high school . It is wonderful , easy to see why it has been a favorite for all these years .
 My youngest daughter is an avid reader and loves re-reading books she was assigned in English class . In fact , she is a collector of these required assigned readings such as Fahrenheit 451 .
 This was a fantastic book . Felt like the quality and price were fair as well . I would recommend this book .
 The elements of the film are well portrayed in the characters interaction . While there are some changes from the book , the film does stand on it 's own .
 This book was so vivid and moving , I was shocked to see how short it actually is . I would recommend this to anyone , as it is a nice , quick read for those who prefer shorter books , and a detailed , gripping , if not slightly brief epic for those who tend to read between the lines , as I do .
 In Ray Bradbury 's future , firemen have a new job . Houses have become completely fireproof -LRB- and no-one seems to own cats , or trees for that matter . -RRB- Indeed the new role of the fireman is to ensure that fires happen , fuelled by books , writing and probably artwork if there was any left in this future.Enter Montag , a dedicated fireman who finds himself curious as to why people keep defying the law and owning books . Given this is a dystopian novel imagine you can tell where this leads.While shortish -LRB- the novella was orignially 25,000 words , before various magazines including Playboy asked for a longer work -RRB- Bradbury was a lot to say about the future of Western society . The scariest part for me was the fact people had all but become reality TV zombies , considering the people of the ` walls ' to be their family 's . A trend which I can see happening entirely naturally without any tyrannical political force.In summary , Fahrenheit 451 wo n't take up much of your time , but is worth more than the time you will spend on it .
 Bradbury crafts a dark future that strikes at humanity 's desire to destroy the mirror that reflects our short comings.In an age where books seem to be losing popularity , this novel reminds the readers the importance of the written word and the necessity to preserve our history , lest we be doomed to repeat it .
 Must read if you are a slacker like me and did n't read all the books you should have when you were in high school : D
 I loved this book in high school and now that I 'm reading it ten years later the messages are even more relevant and insightful .
 I read this book last year for school . It 's absolutely amazing . It draws you in and you ca n't put it down . If you 're looking for an intriguing and intelligent book , this one is for you .
 I am teaching `` Fahrenheit 451 '' as the example of a dsytopian novel in my Science Fiction class , although it is certainly one of the most atypical of that particular type of narrative discourse . Compared to such heavy weight examples as George Orwell 's `` 1984 , '' Aldous Huxley 's `` Brave New World , '' Yevgeny Zamiatin 's `` We , '' Ray Bradbury 's imaginative meditation on censorship seems like light reading . But the delicious irony of a world in which firemen start fires remains postent and the idea of people memorizing books so they will be preserved for future generations is compelling . Of course , there have been more documented cases of `` book burning , '' albeit in less literal forms , since `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was first published in 1953 , so an argument can be made that while all the public debate was over how close we were the Orwellian future envisioned in `` 1984 , '' it is Bradbury 's little parable that may well be more realistic -LRB- especially in terms of the effects of television -RRB- . The novel is based on a short story , `` The Fireman , '' that Bradbury published in `` Galaxy Science Fiction '' in 1951 and then expanded into `` Fahrenheit 451 '' two years later . However , those who have studied Bradbury 's writings caw trace key elements back to a 1948 story `` Pillar of Fire '' and the `` Usher II '' story from his 1950 work `` The Martian Chronicles . '' Beyond that , there is the historical record of the Nazis burning books in 1933 . The story is of a future world in which everyone understands that books are for burning , along with the houses in which they were hidden . Guy Montage is a fireman who has been happy in his work for ten years , but suddenly finds himself asking questions when he meets a teenage girl and an old professor . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is not only about censorship , but also about the inherent tension in advanced societies between knowledge and ignorance . Reading this novel again I am reminded about Pat Paulsen 's editorial on the old `` Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour '' -LRB- a series well acquainted with the perils of censorship -RRB- about how we might enjoy freedom of speech in this country but we do not enjoy freedom of hearing because `` there is always the danger of something being said . '' Censorship , in practical terms , is the effort of those who do not want others to hear what they find offensive , for whatever reasons , basically because it leads to people thinking thoughts they do not want them to be thinking . Through the rambling diatribes of Captain Beatty , Bradbury makes this point quite clear to his readers.Even though this is essentially a novella , Bradbury 's work retains the charm of a short story . The recurring use of animal imagery throughout the story , the use of the mythic ideas of the salamander and the phoenix , make `` Fahrenheit 451 '' more poetic than any other dystopian work . Even if it is predominantly a one note argument regarding censorship , it is impossible to deny that Bradbury makes a clear and convincing case for his position . Besides , there is something to be said for any work that insures that beyond the point at which water freezes the only other recognizable number on the Fahrenheit scale is the point at which book paper starts to burn .
 I never attended an American highschool so this has n't been part of my mandatory reading . I heard much about it though and finally decided to pick up a copy in the bookstore the other day . I loved the story and prose . I wish the book had been longer with more details about the world the story takes place in . Bradbury leaves many facets of daily life untouched , that I would have liked to hear about . Alas , this is not a descriptive science fiction novel though , but a rather philosophical approach , that leaves more to imagination than other authors do.One complaint I have with this edition is , that the main character 's name -LRB- Montag -RRB- was misspelled as `` Montage '' in at least one occurence . While this is no big deal , it really bothers me , especially when the book is n't brand new but has been read and reviewed millions of times .
 + + + + + -LRB- Note
 First off , I would like to tell you why I picked this book . I picked it because I like books that have the future in it . When I first looked at the headings for this book , I was really undecided , but when I went to amazon.com I fould out that this book took place in the future with the firefighter and his troubles . I thought , `` Well Hey '' . Maybe I would actually be able to raed the book and see things differently and my thought was right . It was a book about a firefighter named Montag , who instead of putting fires out , he sets them . When I first found out I thought to myself , `` well thats pointless , why would you set a fire and just let it burn like nothing happened ? '' But after I read on through the pages I found out that they dont just burn houses for no reason , they burn them because of books . If there are books in the house and they get a call , they will go and start the house on fire . One night Montag was setting a fire and an old lady was sitting there saying something . Montag tried to get the lady out of the house , but she would n't go . That made Montag thing , and me also , `` why would you want to die in a fire ? '' Montag grabeed a book , hid it under his arm , and left . After that fire , Montag went home to his wife Mildred . -LRB- Theres something weird in the book , the walls are TVs and the TV characters on shows are `` the Relatives '' -RRB- . When Montag got home , he hid the book under his pillow and he barely slept that night , and when he woke up in the morning , his wife Mildred was watching TV , or should I say talking to the relatives , and he told mildred he wasnt feeling well , and if the cheif comes and asks for him to tell him that he was n't feeling well and would go to work . Mildred thought that it was unusual because Montag is never sick . Montag asked mildred to get him some advil and turn down the relatives . Mildred refused because she didnt believe Montag at all . the door monitor went off and it was the cheif , Montag told mildred to tell the chief `` I dont know , I dont want to talk about anything '' Mildred of course let him in and the chief had a clue that Montag had a book and that 's why he didnt feel good . So the chief played it off the way I pictured it , was like this , `` I know that the fire last night wasnt ' so pleasant , but when people have books and they know it is against the law , but on the other hand if the fireman had the book for more than 24 hours , then we would have to burn his house '' . That made Montag kind of scared , after the chief left , he said I must tell you something Mildred , after he went and pulled 8 books from the light fixture in the hall , mildred did n't know what to do and went ballistic . But then she sat down to read a book or two thinking it would help , all of a sudden tthe phone rang and she answered . it was her friend and she told Montag she was going out with her friend and Montag ws shocked . But then Montag remembered , `` I remember a guy a long time ago I was sitting in the park , he would carry a bible around , and he told me that if i ever needed help to call me and he handed me a card . '' Montag went dashing around the house finding the card . He finally found it and he called him , and his name was Faber.For the rest of the story you must read the book . it is actually kind of interesting if you think about it . Maybe 60 years from now , maybe firefighters will acttually start fires instead of putting them out ! As for me , the book was an okay book . I have read better but it was interesting .
 Guy Montag is a fireman . His job description differs from the job of firemen of our society . Guy 's job is to burn books and the houses of those who conceal them . Guy stumbles upon a woman unlike any other he has met before . Her name is Clarisse . She is very different than anybody else from this society . Guy takes long walks with her and listens to her as much as possible . This is the beginning of Guy 's rebel against society.One night , Guy responds to a call about a woman concealing books . They find them and Guy happens to pick one up and hide it in his jacket . The woman is so in love with her books that she burns herself with them . Guy wonders why she had done that and why people have such a passion for books . He seeks these answers and reveals 24 books he had stolen . He sought an old acquaintance named Faber to help him understand them.Faber read him the books he presented and explained the logic behind them while Montag thought up a way to beat the system of the firemen . His plan is working when books are reported at his house and he is forced to burn his house himself . He is so enraged that he burns the fire chief and races off for the country.In this rural area he meets a group of men full of knowledge . They talk for a long time until they decide to move . They are walking when jets fly overhead and drop bombs on the city in view many miles away . The city collapses and Guy is speechless while thinking about all of the lost lives . He also sees this as a new beginning ; a chance to show the flaws of an uneducated society .
 Guy Montag is a firefighter who burns things . Specifically books , and the houses they are found in . He lives in a state where books , and possesion of them , is illegal . Guy enjoys his job until the day he meets Clarisse McClellan.Clarisse makes Guy doubt his motives and he soon becomes daring enough to break the law and read a book . He finds he loves litereature , he keeps steals books from the houses he 's burning and reads them at home . He finally goes as far as to skip work one day , and his Fire Department Captain , Captain Beatty , shows up at his home . He tells Montag that it 's normal for a Fireman to go through such doubts at a stage in his life . Then proceeds to go through a long monologue as to the history of banning books . According to him , special interest groups objected to books that criticized , belittled , or undermined their causes . For this reason , books became more and more neutral in order to avoid offending anyone . However , this still was n't enough . So society agreed to outlaw books.Montag is not convinced and begins to plot with a professor he had previously met named Faber . They plan on planting books in the houses of Firemen as a way of discrediting the profession and destroying the governments unit for censorship . However , thing go when the alarm sounds at the firestation and Montag goes to the last house he 'll burn in is career , his house.Unlike its fellow dystopia-themed predecessor , 1984 , much of Fahrenheit 451 's depiction of modern society came true almost prophetically . Although not outlawed , literature now holds a narrow audience . And the brainwashing televisions Ray Bradbury depicts are n't far off of today 's one-eyed-boxes . Ray Bradbury 's adjectival descriptions in this book are strong , even at times ; on occasion , one could even say they became monotonous . However , the books never crawls forward for to long ; the progress , although not quick , still moves fast enough to keep the reader 's attention.Overall a strong novel censorship . Although not perfectI would recommend Fahrenheit 451 to any reader interested in either mere science-fiction , or one actually interested in a political criticism of censorship . Both will find their time well spent , the latter will definitely get more out of it , as for the previous ... Maybe you would enjoy Star Wars ??
 This book is simply the tale of a fireman , Guy Montag , whose job it is to burn books . Life for Guy is a routine -- the same lifeless relationship with his wife , the same job day in and out , the same shallow fullfillment of time.There must be something else.The humanity in Guy is writhing and struggling , but Guy knows not what he lacks . Montag is forced to choose between what he knows is right and what he feels.And the consequences make all the difference.In this novel , Ray Bradbury , in this novel of a futuristic world eerily similar to our own , critiques censorship and the education in America . Bradbury holds up a mirror to our ordinary lives , and for just 200 some odd pages , shows us how much better life truly can be.An excellent short read .
 I love this book ! It is beautiful and fast-paced from beginning to end . Not only is this book entertaining , but it is also a thought-provoking social statement . Before I read it , I thought this book would be sort of boring , since I am not Science Fiction 's Greatest Fan . However , this book crosses all the boundaries of fiction , appealing to all people who enjoy authors with a vividly descriptive style . I strongly reccommend this book to anyone with a voracious appetite for reading !
 This novel portrays censorship and conformity incredibly well . Not only was the story outstanding , but the way in which it was written was phenominal . Ray Bradbury 's Far451 depicts a society where books are illeagal , and fire men are for burning any books found are burned . Guy Montag , the main charachter is a fire man , reads a book . He learns to love books , and is not afraid to do what he belives . Everyone else does what they are supposed to
 I think this is the best book I have ever read . It also scared the crap out of me because of how the future looks .
 I read this book as an assignment when I was 11 or 12 , I believe . The reason I write this is because all the moronic kids who were `` forced '' to read it seem to think it sucks ; well , let the record show that not * all * schoolchildren are idiots who must interpret every line of every book literally . I was duly impressed by the book even in 7th grade -LRB- ? -RRB- and it gets better the older I get . The fact that I , an impoverished -LRB- well , you know what I mean -RRB- teenager , am willing to pay double the price of the book for a signed copy says something .
 I read this book 10 years ago in Russian translation . Awesome , thoughtful , simply fantastic book about where our society -LRB- in particular American one -RRB- is going . I had trouble relating some of his concerns at that time since russian culture has had books at the top of priorities . Now , years later , living here I realize the keenness of his observations and ideas . I am troubled as much as he was about the way our generation perceives books . He was so right , so right writing about it all . Too bad he was so right . I recommend this book to anyone who still has some space left for something original , inducing thought , Un-Godzilla , Un-Happy-end-Hollywood-like movies and cheap made-to-order money-making books . My deep respects to Bradbury .
 This book was awsome . I read it in a matter of hours because I could n't put it down . Just thinking about firemen starting the fires , to make the world `` agree '' with its self . If to read books was against the law , I do n't see how people could live in a world like that . Censorship to the bone . This book is a must read .
 Fahrenheit 451 is truly , one of the best novels that I have ever read . I read this book from front to back non-stop , because i could n't put it down . I have many friends who are not very big fans of reading who read this book and loved it . And it is just those people that justify this book . If you have n't read this book , you can not comprehend what you 're missing .
 If you have n't read this book you have to do so now . I know you are thinking its science fiction but once you read it you 'll be thinking how can they burn books and kill people who do . You will agree bradbury 's ideas . I hope a movie comes out of this book eventhough bradbury does n't like it.Maybe the book can be remember by a movie .
 If your brain is not dumbed down completely by Crichton 's `` Sphere '' and other chewing gum books , get and read this one and you 'll see where this country -LRB- USA -RRB- is plunging
 What the title says . It came the same day it said it was suppose to come and it did n't have any bents or torn pages . Thanks !
 Fahrenheit . A book that can be referred to by one name by a couple of generations . If your going to start with Bradbury -LRB- May he Rest in Peace hopefully in Green Town Illinois -RRB- this is the place
 bought this for a siblings course requirement . does what it needs too . this was a good purchase at a reasonable price .
 If you are looking for a book that will make you think , then this is the book for you . Great read .
 One of the best books in the world . Also my favorite 'm book ever ! I hope everyone can read this book
 Ah chic data grubs juju min sweat hub Hyde knob cards Xerox cards seeds cards seeds . Cccccc cccccc cccccc cch
 So I seem to be on a dystopian kick when it comes to some of my recent selections . I have heard of this before and was some how part of a small group who did n't have to read this in high school or College . So I decided to give this classic a try.I loved the premise of this book , the idea that `` Firemen '' were causing fires instead of putting them out . And then the idea that the government is eliminating all books . It would mean a severe downfall in education . This was fun to read and I found the more I got into this book the more freaked out I became . Since I have gotten into reading more lately it was a scary thought of a world without books.I began asking myself questions , `` What would I do if I could n't read ? , Would I be courageous enough to stand up to a government who would take away this great art , or would I hide my personal collection ? '' Well , over all I really enjoyed it and was glad I finally read it .
 This is a great story story predicting our grim future where books are banned and only electronic entertainment is allowed.I found this story absolutely mind blowing and a classic Ray Bradbury book . It is scary to think about what the future will be like . After reading this , I want to take some sort of action to save our books and knowledge . This was an awesome , quick read !
 The book was amazing and filled with so much symbolism . I liked it but I had to re-read things many times . Once I understood it it was a masterpiece .
 awesome book came in good condition and it is very new like a clean no crisps or tears at all
 THE BOOK WAS GREAT IN THE WAY THAT IT WARNED US OF A FUTURE THAT COULD COME SOON , BUT FOR YOUNGER READERS THEY MAY HAVE A HARD TIME WITH ALL THE METAPHORS THAT HE THROWS IN THERE .
 Overall , I liked this book . I am doing my 11th grade AP English-3 research paper on it . Overall , this book made me think . It made me think about how people of the WW 2 time period thought
 Fahrenheit 451 is a sci-fi book set in the future where books and thinking are illeagal . Fireman play an important role because if someone has books , the fireman burn them and the house which they are in . This book 's protagonist , Guy Montag , is a fireman who has a change of heart about burning books and tries to get others from buring them.It is an awesome book and it even has a mechanical dog who sniffs out books and reports it to the firemen .
 I thought it was a great book , i did n't expect the story to happen the way it did , and i thought it was pretty cool . It is also scary because it could really happen in real life .
 This is my favorite book . The writing style is very well-done . And the storyline makes the reader think , think about how this could come true .
 I found this book rather insightful and enjoyable . Finished it in a mere one sitting . Bradbury 's use of language is emphatic and fluent and he brings his message across in a unique way . The images he conjures are vivid and simple , yet masterful and when you read below the surface , a lot of things are made known to you . It 's a good book well-worth the time spent reading it .
 I read this book for a report for school , and it was very interesting . It made me think of what life would be like without books , cause that 's basically what Ray Bradbury is trying to portray . Sure , some people say it is far fetched , but you never know what things are going to be like in the future . I would have given this book a 5 Star Rating , however , the thing I did n't like about it was that it was very confusing . It kept switching from one thing to another . But if you want to read a book that is out of the ordinary , then I suggest you try this one .
 Ray Bradbury 's `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was a wonderful book . He did a great job of describing things , I could almost see them . I recommend this book to anyone who likes science-fiction books , or even if they do n't !
 Farenheit 451 is the best book I have ever read . Guy Montag is a great character . I also like that all of this is in the future . Also I like that the firemen start fires because I like fire . Clarisse is also a great character because she 's one of the last people that like nature .
 People say this book is no good just because it 's too `` confusing . '' Well , just because you do n't understand it , does n't mean that the book is bad . Dumbing down ideas does n't make a book better . I understood this book quite well . I also love this Mr. Bradbury 's imagination . If you liked this book , you should also read Dandolion Wine , another book by this great author . If you do n't like this book because it 's too confusing , just do n't read it . It is a great book and seeing all those `` 1 star '' reviews for being confusing is a real pitty .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book with incredible meaning for our American culture today . It begins in an unknown city somewhere in America in years and decades directly after the McCarthy era levels of censorship . Media has become the center of American culture , and many people 's parlor walls are covered with giant , super-enhanced HDTVs , lowering their level of interaction with each other to almost nothing in respect to both its quantity and its quality . The main character , Guy Montag , is a fireman , but he has never actually put out a fire in his life -LRB- at least not intentionally -RRB- . All houses have been permanently fireproofed with plastic sheaths for nearly 50 years , and the jobs of firemen have been changed from protecting the public from fire to `` protecting '' the public with fire . As reality TV , comedy shows and pulp fiction/romance novels became more and more popular , non-fiction and the classics were read less and less until , as Captain Beatty , the fire captain and primary personified villain of the novel , says , '' -LRB- Most people 's -RRB- sole knowledge of Hamlet was a one-page digest in a book that claimed
 By Brian WalshThis book is set in the future . A future where the idiot reigns supreme . A future where TVs are full , 4-wall rooms , and the characters on it are called a family . A future where all learning and real thought is illegal . A future where books are illegal , and the fire brigade has been changed into a book-burning brigade . A future where the government strives to make everyone happy . A future that , thankfully , will never exist.The government abolishes anything controversial , to keep the masses happy . This includes religion , the arts , and all forms op open thought . No-one has a vent for the soul , and they become mindless mush-people . All they do in life is get up , go to work , press buttons , come home , go into the TV-room , eat , and fall asleep.To please everyone , books have been abolished , to eradicate controversy . However , the populace still kept books they liked and read them . To enforce the law , the government called book-readers insane andTurned the -LRB- obsolete -RRB- fire brigade into enforcers of this law.The main character in this book is a fireman called Guy Montag . His wife is a typical person of his time . However , he is starting to talk to a young girl , his next-door neighbour , who obviously reads books . He becomes a little confused , and starts reading books himself . His workmates start getting suspicious , and it 's only a matter of time before they find out his hobby . What happens ? Read the book yourself!This is a good futuristic fantasy , focusing on the pessimistic side of society , and thinking what would it be like if this were society . Ray Bradbury is a great writer , and this book , despite its faults , is a great read for anyone who is ready to read it . My rating
 From the temperature at which books burn , Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 illustrates a frightening idea of the future , a future where firemen do not put out fires but start them . Guy Montag , a book-burning fireman , obtains a job to achieve the society 's highest objective , happiness . In Montag 's world , trivial information -LRB- as from television -RRB- is good , and knowledge and ideas are bad . Guy was once happy when he burnt books in the fireproof houses , but this happiness becomes questionable when he meets the new 17-year-old neighbor girl , Clarisse , who is thrilled by the ideas from books and the world around her . Before he met Clarisse -LRB- who told him about the past when people were not afraid and firemen prevented fires -RRB- Guy never questioned anything . While Guy experiences a faith crisis , his wife spends all day in front of the television wall , with her television `` family . '' When Clarisse disappears mysteriously , Guy becomes motivated and starts to hide books . Eventually , Mildred , Guy 's wife turns him in and he must either flee or become arrested.Fahrenheit 451 is a novel with many alarming resemblances to our current world . This story talks about how books are unnecessary . To keep people happy , society only lets people remember insignificant information , mainly from television . Some people will receive ideas from books , while others may not . Therefore , books imply that people could be discriminated against , and discrimination would defeat the purpose true happiness . This is similar to what our world , where young people are more interested in television than reading.Books give people knowledge and the freedom to perceive differences . This novel taught me a lot about the importance of reading for everyone . At the end of the novel , homeless people realize how important books are and that authors spent their lives , writing their thoughts and expressions , which would eventually be forgotten in the fires . Authors write their stories to have the reader relate to the characters and plot . These wanderers memorized books to convey their knowledge to the next generation . I would recommend this novel to everyone , especially people who do not like to read .
 Bradbury makes it look effortless . The story reads so fast it is as if the author wrote it in one sitting with no revisions . This book is the perfect quick read for those on-the-go folks who have little time for leisure reading . And when you are finished , you will uncover another reason the book is so short .
 I admit it was strange reading at first and a slightly different writing style that I am used to ... but considering this book was written 1953 ... AMAZING ! A book definitely before its time and can be truly applied and understood today . This is something I would definitely want my children to read !
 I love the science fiction genre of books . This one tops my list of sci-fi stories.I first heard of Ray Bradbury in sixth grade with a short story called `` All Summer in a Day '' . I loved the story so I looked for other books by him . I found this one in a bookstore and even though the price was high I bought it.It was worth it . I finished it in a matter of hours , as it was well-written with a very interesting plot . Having that special Bradbury touch was a great bonus .
 This timeless classic speaks to what can happen as life continues to speed out of control . Censorship runs rapid as people seek to become more efficient . The phrase `` take time to smell the roses '' has been obliterated as these people would only recognize a rose as a colored blur as they speed through their lives . It is a story of one man , full of hope , listening to his heart as he figures out that there is a sense of purpose for all of us . Originally published in 1950 under the title `` The Fireman , '' this story has stood the test of time .
 I can not stress enough how this work is a priceless asset to our social community . Along with helping our society to protect our right of free press it continues to alert many of us to the necessity of books . Sure , with free press we also got some filth floating around , yet you 're free to not read those , as you are absolutely free to read this and the many others of invaluable worth . We are humans , we are not perfect and we may have already taken turns we could have avoided . -LRB- Like maybe way back when , we should have chosen the steam car option instead of the gas one . Think about it , take the same years of innovation that we invested in the gas car and , well , by now we would have gotten that steamer to go pretty fast too . -RRB- But here we are and it 's best to continue with our best foot forward . Books like this one , like 1984 and like Utopian Reality are not only entertaining , but also very instrumental in helping us decide the best foot to step out on . It 's a comfort to know authors like Bradbury , took that difficult trip to examine the future and then presented it to us , so we can simply make the decision ; well this is a road we do n't want to take . Without the commotion and concern created from Fahrenheit 451 , where do you think we would be right now ? Well a good chance is , you would n't be reading this at this exact moment cause books that question our societies future would have been banned .
 Ok . I read Fahrenheit 451 , and I have to say that I should have read it earlier . The story encased in this bound grouping of parchment is a warning to the societies of today against censorship and ignorance , which I really enjoyed.The book takes place somewhere in the 21st Century , and revolves around a man named Guy Montag , who is a fireman , but not of the conventional sense . The government of the story 's time is one of ignorance and arrogance . It boasts several nuclear wars and a ban against books , which is where the firemen come into play ; whereupon books are found , the firemen appear soon afterwards.The entire line of events surrounding Guy and his job is very interesting and thought-provoking , lined with intellectual discussions concerning firemen , the ban , and the emotional detachment to most other people that is sported by the entire population of the country.The conclusion of this book is surprising , and highlights a miniscule but hardy population of intellectuals living outside the public eye , just waiting for the opportunity to bloom in a society wiped clean by their own conceit and cruelty . Plus , it 's nice to think that , even in a world full of lies and spite , intelligence and compassion can still survive , even if it 's only in a brilliant literary work.At around 179 pages long , Fahrenheit 451 is a fairly easy read , as well as a powerful one . I was able to finish it up on a ferry ride to Victoria , and then still had time to sit around and chew on pocky for the rest of the trip . You should read this book , it 's very good .
 In my opinion Ray Bradbury has written some of the best Science Fiction of the age . His use of language is versatile and poetic , his stories are intriguing and intelligent , and this one is no exception.Like all the best science fiction writers , Bradbury is not just talking about the future . His book is a message for today . It is an error to think that Bradbury is talking here about censorship and control in the manner of , say , 1984 . In fact Bradbury is more concerned with a hedonistic society with an increasingly short attention span as we are spoon fed what we need to know through sound bites and adverts.Bradbury is making a case for the reading of books to enhance critical thinking , and to allow us to understand the bigger picture . He was worried about how television was eroding the reading of literature - and he was rightly worried.This book is a powerful statement , and a good read . Classic Ray Bradbury .
 This book is a quick read , but nonetheless powerful . Montag 's world mirrors our own in many ways . The parlor walls = LCD TV 's . The seashell radios = constantly being preoccupied with our iPods/cell phones . Even the dog , man 's ` best friend ' is replaced by a mechanical hound . In Montag 's world , people have become mechanized and conditioned to become mindless , selfish consumers of entertainment to the point of losing their humanity . Montag 's got an itch to scratch , and it 's interesting to note that he had already begun his journey out of the cave well before he met Clarisse McLellan as the book begins , so when did the initial spark actually happen ? He relates his story of how he met the man in the park -LRB- Faber -RRB- , so Clarisse was really just a catalyst in his transformation . Many themes are explored in this book
 I mainly bought this book to read it in a plane -LRB- a 14 hours trip , and for some reason , I rarely sleep in an airplane -RRB- . However , I could n't sleep that day not because I usually do n't sleep in airplanes , but because this book was THAT good . It 's surprising how close to reality the narrative is . For today , people worship their TV 's and laptops . The book is well written ; the author utilized metaphors , similes and other writing techniques to create the dark , desperate atmosphere of the unnamed city and its people.I really enjoyed reading this book . If you want a dark , short , great novel , this is the perfect choice . However , be warned , the extensive use of similes and metaphors might confuse you -LRB- I had to re-read several paragraphs due to their complex structure . -RRB-
 I have heard that some people refuse to read books which have not been around for at least 30 years , having proven their ability to stand the test of time . In reading Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury * I came to understand this reasoning . I read the 50th anniversary edition and as I delved into it , I found myself shocked to have never read this igniting book before . It has been said that books are so patient they will at times wait centuries for the right reader to come along and bring them to life once again . `` Cram them full of noncombustable data , chock them so damned full of ` facts ' they feel stuffed , but absolutely ` brilliant ' with information . Then they will feel they 're thinking , they 'll get a sense of motion without moving . And then they 'll be happy ... `` Books such as Into the Shallows
 I have read Fahrenheit 451 several times , and it is one of my favorite novels . Its censorship themes seem just as relevant today as they did in the 1950s . In Fahrenheit 451 , some books deemed illegal , and firemen are responsible for tracking down and burning every last copy.The U.S. government 's efforts to stop Wikileaks reminded me of Bradbury 's firemen . Federal agencies went through extreme measures to attempt to stop or slow the release of classified documents . I was also reminded of Fahrenheit 451 when the Pentagon arranged to buy every copy of Army Reserve Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer 's memoir `` Operation Dark Heart '' before they could reach the shelves.I would like to ask Bradbury , do you think current censorship policies are on the verge of reaching Fahrenheit 451 levels ?
 Because of the current usage of terms taken from classic dystopian novels - Big Brother , Fahrenheit 9/11 , etc - I had stayed away from such novels . I was n't interested in what I thought would be whiny books about the government and the authority.Thank God , I was wrong . * Fahrenheit 451 * is a true masterpiece . Known as science-fiction , it 's much more , because the world Bradbury depicts shares some striking similarities with ours , and , considering the time Bradbury wrote it , one can only bow to his sense of foresight . * fahrenheit 451 * is somewhere between * 1984 * and * Brave New World * . It combines elements from both dystopias and does something very clever with it . Instead of having a dystopia imposed from the top down , Bradbury creates a more subtle world with shades of grey . The result is a much more believable universe , which we can already recognise in our very own , current world . And that 's the freaky part.The writing per se is rich , poetic , never pointless , always efficient . Everything counts , not one page for nothing . It has all the elements of a good short story - which it started as - combined with the dimensions of a novel . It 's still a relatively short novel , at 200 pages or so , but that does n't matter one bit . Bradbury 's prose is terrific.I can only recommend this novel to anyone . Whether you 're into sci-fi or not seems beside the point with this book ; if you like sci-fi , for all the good reasons , then you should love it , and if you do n't care about sci-fi , you should still love it . It may even make you appreciate sci-fi if you never did before.This novel is deep , well-crafted , and philosophical . It 's one of those books you feel has truly given you something valuable .
 Imagine living in a world in which you are so disconnected from other people that you spend your waking hours in your parlor surrounded on all sides by your TV `` family '' . You sleep at night with ear buds whispering sweet nothings in your ear . There 's a war going on and world-wide economic problems , but you do n't notice . In fact , you do n't want to notice because that would upset you . You do n't read books because that might upset you too . You do n't talk to people or even think because that too might upset you . So you spend your time amidst the flashing lights in your parlor or speeding 100 miles an hour down the road - anything that distracts you from anything upsetting.This is the world Guy Montag lives in , is part of and actively enforces . He is a `` fireman '' - one who starts fires rather than putting them out . When the alarm goes off , he races to the scene and glories in the smell of kerosene and the power of his igniter . He is merely protecting people from danger - the danger of books . He feels triumphant as he watches them flutter like dying birds amidst the flames . Life is good . He is happy.Or is he ? The first clue is that Montag seems to be the only one who does n't like the Mechanical Hound so much . But his `` happiness '' really starts to unravel when he meets Clarisse McClellan , a girl who 's `` seventeen and crazy '' . She does really odd things like take walks , look at the stars , talk to people . She asks Montag if it 's true that firemen used to put out fires ? Nah , could n't be.Montag is irritated and infuriated by her , but still drawn to her , awakened by her . Then one day she 's gone and Montag 's world is never the same . He 's haunted by a fire in which a woman was burned - chose to burn herself - along with her books . He secretly steals a book from the fire . Actually , his hands have been doing that all along , but he 's never let his mind know it . Montag becomes drawn to - obsessed by - books . He tries to share them with his wife , Mildred , but the more he reaches out , the more she retreats to the parlor `` family '' to soothe her distress . He 's going to ruin her happiness . Montag secretly turns to the one person left who might help him - or at least hear him . A old professor he met once , actually talked to.Of course , nothing that Montag does is actually secret . His Fire Chief , Beatty , knows the anguish Montag is going through . He tries to explain it all to Montag . How books cause insecurity and conflict . How they conflict with each other and are , ultimately , empty . How people are better off - happier - without them . How the people themselves wanted the books banned and burned . Beatty tries to teach Montag a lesson and then give him the opportunity to return to the fold . But the fabric is already rent , and things unravel as they inevitably must.This book is remarkably prescient for having been written in 1953 . Not only does Bradbury accurately predict the invention of large-screen TVs that can be hung on a wall and personalized entertainment systems that can be plugged directly into one 's ears , but he predicted much of the dystopian society we now live in . Wars , famine and economic crises are erupting all over the world , but we 're more concerned about our `` family '' - Lindsay Lohan , Britney Spears , the Palins , among others . People are going hungry , but all is right with the world so long as we can have our SUVs and iPhones . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is n't so much about government censorship . Sure , the Firemen operate under the auspices of the government , but it 's a democratic government . The government operates on behalf of the people . It is the people who have demanded the suppression of knowledge because it is messy , unsettling and `` unhappy '' . The people do n't want to be roused from their pleasurable bubble of overstimulation . True thought and relatedness - and the pauses and silences necessary for them - are far more threatening than being `` comforted '' -LRB- controlled -RRB- by a benign authoritarian government.Nevertheless , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' optimistically predicts a world in which , if enough people can hold on to enough shreds of the knowledge contained in books and passed down generation to generation , eventually the cycle of destroying knowledge as threatening will cease . Wisdom will eventually permeate enough of the world to be able to withstand the destructive forces of fear and ignorance . I 'd like to share Bradbury 's optimism , but I 'm not sure I can . Within my lifetime I 've seen education devalued and ignorance celebrated . Wisdom may win out in the end , but I fear our civilization will face the same end as Montag 's before that happens.But aw , heck , let 's talk about something important . When does the next `` Dancing with the Stars '' begin ?
 Very well-written science fiction from 1950 . Despite being written before the explosion of modern technology , Bradbury 's book-burning story makes many timeless observations about censorship and the suppression of original thought and personal interaction.Bradbury 's seashells as earbuds and the parlors with surrounding interactive screens are hardly a stretch to imagine if you have ever competed with an iPod or a flat screen for another person 's attention.SPOILER ALERTDespite many hopeless characters and some violent destruction , the ending is optimistic as Montag and his hideout professors devise a way to preserve the classics .
 This is the second time I 've read this book , and it 's even more engaging than I remember . While my first experience with the book had an excellent shock factor , the second reading allowed me to better appreciate the disturbing similarities our world possesses to the society Bradbury has created in the story.There is something poetic in reading a book about not being allowed to read books .
 This is a short , but well formed novel about a future where books are forbidden . It looks at one man 's realisation of the wisdom of books and the path he follows . It is well constructed and easy to read . It wo n't take long to read , but will stay with you for a long time after.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 So much has been said about `` Fahrenhiet 451 '' already . I do n't really have much to add to it . Just do yourself a favor and read it . You may be shocked to find how much it mirrors the world we live in today .
 Mark Twain defined a literary classic as `` a book which people praise and do n't read . '' This , however , is not the case with Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 . This was a magnificent book that really makes you appreciate life from a different perspective .
 While I did n't respect this book back when I was in high school , now that I am older I have reread and more fully understand this novel . Books like this are always terrible to write a report or critique on but are a fun read when there is no pressure . I ended up picking up a copy and reading it in less than a week . I will plan to read more Bradbury in the future .
 Burn it ! `` Any problem that you have can be burned away ! '' These were the lies that Guy Montag had been told ever since he came out of high school to be a fireman . But , these fireman are differerent than the fireman of today , they burn books and the houses they are found in.Guy 's life was virtually the same old routine
 I started reading Fahrenheit 451 for a summer reading assignment . As I kept reading I really got in to the book . Ray Bradbury did a great job describing the characters . The book is about a future world that gives you a glimpse of what our world would be like without books . I highly recommend this book for anyone looking for a book with some action and a great story .
 A dark tale that warns about the limits of censorship . Highly recomended as an introduction to Bradbury . Everyone should read this because it is a classic and is referenced throughout pop culture .
 Ordered this for my son for a required summer reading assignment . Arrived quickly . He dug right into the book and seems to be enjoying it .
 This book is a science fiction classic that really gets you thinking . In America it is difficult to imagine a world where free thought is so blatantly censured , but other governments in our world seek to keep their peoples ignorant of the great ideas of writers . This is one of those `` it could happen if we 're not careful '' books .
 While many people consider Ray Bradbury to be a science fiction writer , that is a very inaccurate and incomplete categorization . He is a master storyteller , in many ways I consider him superior to Asimov and Heinlein , because he is better able to take an effective turn to the dystopia or macabre genres.This book is truly one of the best unfortunate futuristic or dystopia stories ever written . Montag is a fireman , only now they start fires rather than put them out . The job of the fire department is to wait around for an informant to expose someone who still owns books . If that tip turns out to be accurate , they go to the house , douse the books with kerosene and then burn them.As the story opens , Montag is like his comrades in the fire department , he loves his job and never thinks too much about the consequences of what it is that he is doing . However , when one woman prefers to go up in flames with her books rather than live without them , he begins to have doubts . Unfortunately , his is not a society that deals easily with people having such doubts and he becomes a criminal on the run.In typical Bradbury style the story ends on an ambiguous note . While Montag is still living and there is the potential for a better future , it is not a certainty . Fortunately , he is now among other people who cherish the knowledge contained in books , so there is hope that literary civilization will rise again .
 While many people consider Ray Bradbury to be a science fiction writer , that is a very inaccurate and incomplete categorization . He is a master storyteller , in many ways I consider him superior to Asimov and Heinlein , because he is better able to take an effective turn to the dystopia or macabre genres.This book is truly one of the best unfortunate futuristic or dystopia stories ever written . Montag is a fireman , only now they start fires rather than put them out . The job of the fire department is to wait around for an informant to expose someone who still owns books . If that tip turns out to be accurate , they go to the house , douse the books with kerosene and then burn them.As the story opens , Montag is like his comrades in the fire department , he loves his job and never thinks too much about the consequences of what it is that he is doing . However , when one woman prefers to go up in flames with her books rather than live without them , he begins to have doubts . Unfortunately , his is not a society that deals easily with people having such doubts and he becomes a criminal on the run.In typical Bradbury style the story ends on an ambiguous note . While Montag is still living and there is the potential for a better future , it is not a certainty . Fortunately , he is now among other people who cherish the knowledge contained in books , so there is hope that literary civilization will rise again .
 Amazing . Up there with George Orwell 's 1984 and Alodous Huxley 's Brave New World .
 The story was ok . For a short book it kept me mildly interested . The most interesting part was reading the ` Afterward ' from the author about why he wrote this piece . If you get the satire about the book then you can appreciate the thought behind it.This book is more of a classic read than actually looking for any kind of deep mystery or action .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a futuristic novel that depicts a haunting totalitarian society that practices censorship and destroys individual thought . The book follows fireman Guy Montag , whose job it is to start fires to burn homes with books rather than put out fires . After Montag has conversations with an old English professor and a young girl named Clarisse who both have the rare gift of being able to think for themselves , Montag begins to question his life . He realizes that there is something missing and that he is greatly unhappy , and he feels that whatever he is missing can be found in the books . In a since , he is write . Montag begins to realize the importance of ideas and things such as books , and decides to try to change the ways of his society.Bradbury clearly paints a terrorizing image in the reader 's mind of this all-powerful , brain-washing society . Through his strong use of metaphors , the reader is able to better understand the complex feelings and emotions of the characters that would otherwise be difficult to describe . The division of the book helps the reader watch the main character , Montag , progress and develop . The first part focuses on his realization that he is empty and lacking something , and he starts to realize just what he 's missing . In the second part , he discovers the importance of the books -LRB- ideas -RRB- and why he and society are empty without them . The third part focuses on his attempt to create change.Fahrenheit 451 is a well-written , thought-provoking novel that gives society a warning about censorship and losing individual thought that should not be ingonored .
 Mr. Bradbury 's prophetic work has come to pass in the politically correct world of thought controlled by political expediency and special interests.Enter a day when words and thoughts that might offend are banned . If ignorance is bliss we should never be happier . Few books of fiction speak so clearly to our political and social climate of today . Would somebody please memorize this book ? It too may be banned one day .
 This somber book , with its theme of government-encouraged anti-intellectualism , was written during an age when `` eggheads '' were suspected of being subversive somehow , maybe even godless commies . This distrust of intelligence and non-conformity is taken to the extreme by Bradbury , with stark and memorable results . By discouraging education and all forms of intelligent discourse , the future government is able to control the population not merely by force or threats , but by providing an endless flow of mindless entertainment , which -LRB- nearly -RRB- everyone happily accepts . Like sheep before the slaughter , the placated citizenry of Fahrenheit 451 simply does n't know any better than to believe what the government pronounces at face value . This perverse form of `` mind control '' - enforced by keeping minds happily engaged in only the most trivial of pursuits - works only too well , since it is far easier to remain ignorant than struggle to form an opposing opinion that might require courage to express . And by burning the last remaining learning tools that threaten its empire - books - the government tries to erase the possibility that anyone could stir an uprising based on ancient philosophical principles such as democracy , liberty , and self-determination . Ignorance becomes not only bliss , but a frightening way of life.Bradbury is one of the original `` Golden Age '' science fiction writers , and that shows in this book . There 's the element of the fantastic in the everyday gadgets here , more speculation and wonder that science . For this reason , it does n't quite have the realistic edge that most mainstream fiction has , although the philosophical themes in the book elevate it to mainstream status . But if you like the `` gee-whiz '' in your science fiction , then that 's another plus.-Mark Wakely , author of An Audience for Einstein
 F 451 300-Word book review.In the novel , it is the job of the `` firemen '' to burn books , for it is illegal to own or read books in the novels society . The mane conflict of the book is when Guy Montag a fireman is caught taking a book from a fire and not burning it on the spot . But you see it all began when he runs into a young girl named Clarisse she starts asking him stuff like `` why did you become a fireman ? '' and `` is it true that firemen did not always start fires but actually used to put them out ? `` Thanks to one 17-year old girl , Montag 's life is changed forever . He starts wondering what there is in books , he starts thinking about the past , and doubting his life . One day he notices that she is not any were to be seen . Thin he realizes that she is definitely gone when he asks about her he is told she is dead . On the next day , he is responding to a call about some books that need to be burned . Thanks to their owner , he ends up with one of her books on accident.He was seen with the book but he manages to get away with it . On the other hand , his captain came by the next day to talk to him . It was about the book at that moment he realized he was in big trouble it had been found out that he had the book . He was told he had 24 hours to burn it or bring it in for burning . Instead he runs for he wants to save the book , he loses his wife , his house and his job . But he did get away from the city before it was too late .
 Ray Bradbury is a very imaginative author , probably as imaginative , but sadly , not as creative as J.R.R. Tolkein . -LRB- And yes , i understand , you ca n't compare the two -RRB- Fahrenheit 451 is filled to the brim with metaphors and things that seem so outlandish , that they fit with the whole aura of the novel . Now , even though , it is a very small novel , it packs a very lasting punch.According to the world -LRB- it might be our world in the future -RRB- that Bradbury created , the U.S. and possibly everyone else , hes become so automated that the people had no use for knowledge anymore ! Thus , books were for burning . Thus , the title Fahrenheit 451 -LRB- the degree that paper burns -RRB- . Also , the reason that books were burnt was that there were conflicting ideas in them.Ray Bradbury has created this horribly believable and yet extremely frightening FUTURE for the United States , in my opinion ! Also , ity deals very slightly with the effects of war , and the fact that ALL other countries hate the U.S. in the story . -LRB- that never helps -RRB- Over all , i would reccommend this as a quick read that will make an impression on you for a LONG , LONG , LONG , long time.ENJOY , i give it five stars :-RRB- ~ ~ : -RRB-
 Encouraged by a co-worker I revisited this classic , perfect for easy summertime reading . Its fun is in its portrait of future technology that has now become commonplace . But it also remains a thought-provoking piece about what it means to be human , happy and a healthy society . It 's not just about book burning . Unfortunately , Cold War references really date the book . If your only notion of this Bradbury masterpiece is the movie , you do n't really know what 's in the book at all . Check it out .
 Bradbury 's book is poetic in its description of a future world lacking emotion , human connection , and intellectual depth . Firemen burn books ; televisions , ear piece radios , and amusement parks provide distraction ; and citizens self-medicate to suppress unhappiness . The background of war is ever present and frightening . The very beginning of the book requires patience . It takes some time to understand what is occuring . The book is absolutely worth the time and effort . Readers may or may not agree with all of the political messages , but the world that is created is disturbingly similar to our own in many ways .
 this book was awsome ! the ideas and points brought up in this novel by bradbury reflects our own society today
 This is fun , enjoyable reading . The story from Bradbury 's imagination causes the reader to think ... Why are books so important ? Why is censorship dangerous ? Why is the individual more important than the society ? Why are mindless activities -LRB- such as television overdose -RRB- harmful and unprofitable ? The author writes of treasures that our society takes for granted , and shows how these riches should be guarded and appreciated - not ignored.In the 50th anniversary edition of the book , the author writes an afterword about the different ways that books are ` burned ' today . This censorship is not as evident as the censorship depicted in the story of Montag , but it is still happening . Bradbury suggests that political correctness has served as a censor to art . Authors and readers alike are afraid of offending someone , therefore art has been reduced to little more than People magazines and reality TV shows . Bradbury writes that it is difficult for `` any author who dares to speak above a whisper or write above a nursery rhyme . '' Also included at the end of the book is an interview with Ray Bradbury . This is an excellent 10-pages of interaction with the author.Will censorship ever get as radical as what happened to Montag ? I doubt it . But the story is fun , and the reader should put the book down with a new respect for thinking , learning and freedom .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 written by Ray Bradbury was in the Science Fiction section and was located in the future . Guy Montag was a fireman , but in the future they do not put out fires , they they start them . Guy is trying to figure out his hard and confusing life in the future . When he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan who changes everything and gives him a new point of view of the world.What I like most about this book was the setting and the time , the future makes you wonder about what you 're living in now and what might happen in the future . What I did n't like about the book was that it was a little hard and confusing at times for my age reading.My favorite charater in this book was Clarisse McCellan because she has such a different mind than everyone else and sees things in different perspectives . A paragraph that meant something to me was on page 37 and said `` Books bombarded his shoulders , his arms , his upturned face . A book lit , almost obediently , like a white pigeon , in his hands , wings fluttering . In the dim light , a page flung open and it was like a snow feather , the words delicately painted thereon . '' It meant something to me beacause all of these books around him makes him wonder about his job , life , and Clarisse and what she had said.I would tell someone about this book that it is great but to read it at a good reading level . So it 's not too hard or confusing to read . The only question I have after reading this is , in some ways is Beatty the villan of Station 451 ? My strongest reason for recommending this book is that it describes each pararaph beautifully and has a great plot .
 I became interested in Ray Bradbury and his works ever since my freshman English teacher assigned me to read `` The Sound of Summer running '' . Bradbury 's usage of imagery allowed me to really get into his other short stories . I immediately had an interest for the book as soon as I read the first page ; the way Ray Bradbury created a visual image in my mind lead me to continue reading to the very end.Fahrenheit 451 is about Guy Montag , a fireman in a futuristic world where he and his fellow firemen start fires , rather than put them out ; however his whole way of thinking is put into question after meeting a strange girl who lives on his block . Ray Bradbury creates a situation where the main character -LRB- Montag -RRB- , after discovering the knowledge books bring , has a desire to be heard with his ideas expressed . `` I just want someone to hear what I have to say . And maybe if I talk long enough , it 'll make sense '' -LRB- 81 -RRB- . Guy Montag can be described as a person who relies on others for support and direction . Guys ' new way of thinking is challenged by the fire chief , Beatty , who tries to return Guy back to ignorance like the rest of the world , trying to convince Montag to burn his books . `` Its real beauty is that it destroys responsibility and consequences '' -LRB- 115 -RRB- . After a long internal struggle within his own mind Montag comes to a decision that ultimately changes him . No longer does he rely on others and follow what they say , Guy Montags ' knew found knowledge gives him an independent growth . `` I do n't want to change sides and just be told what to do . There 's no reason to change if I do that '' -LRB- 93 -RRB- . I agree with other costumer review when they write things like `` wonderful and still relevant '' , `` wonderful book '' , and `` short classic '' . The book in itself is a very interesting view on society and it is truly a short but still entertaining book . Touching on many key issues in our own society while putting them in a creative twist I can understand why many people gave this book such a high rating.In conclusion this book was fascinating with great characters and an even greater storyline . Though many people may not like this story , I found it to have an excellent plot and I felt Bradbury put amazing imagery within the text . I recommend this book to anyone who is a fan of Ray Bradbury and even if you 're not a fan I would still highly recommend this book to someone who wants an exciting and interesting novel to read.TJHS 12th grade student
 I have long been a fan of the 1965 film `` Fahrenheit 451 '' which is based on this 1953 Ray Bradbury novel . The two are only somewhat similar which makes reading the novel and seeing the film well worth your while . This novel paints a dystopian view of the future ... a society where books are banned because of the way they make people feel . Bradbury imagines a world where people are drawn to video images on the screen -LRB- how hauntingly predictable ! -RRB- and a government which has strangled creativity and original thinking . Guy Montag , a fireman , is a government `` agent '' whose job requires him to destroy by fire books wherever they can be found . He meets a young woman and is suddenly challenged by feelings he has long since suppressed . He begins to read some of the books seized and this sets him on a collision course with the government and his superiors . This is compelling reading and I think the reader will be satisfied with the resolution both on the film and in the novel ... they are somewhat different . This gets my highest recommendation!Fahrenheit 451
 American writers are knows for their ability to write short but brilliant literature , and this gem is no exception . Even today Bradbury 's writing still has bite , and the themes are still relevant .
 `` What do we want in this country , above all ? People want to be happy , is n't that right ? `` Guy Montag is a fireman in an American city of the future . However , with all of the buildings fireproofed , Guy spends his time burning the one thing that can not be allowed in society - books . He enjoys his work , the purification of civilization by fire , but something is missing . When he meets a new neighbor girl , Clarisse , he realizes that it 's something that has been done away with - the idea of thought.Clarisse opens Montag 's world to the fact that society as he knows it is useless . Citizens walk around numb , feeling and thinking nothing , over-stimulated and constantly seeking pleasure and happiness . There is no sadness , no discomfort of thought , no desire to be a better person . Ideas and thoughts have gone away with the books who carried their message , and silence has been replaced by constant noise and activity.It is this new-found knowledge that changes Montag 's life . No longer content to simply exist , he begins stealing books from the homes he burns to see what all the fuss is about . And by gaining this illicit knowledge , he begins to make changes that will impact not only him but those around him.I must confess that I picked up `` Fahrenheit 451 '' with no clue as to what it was about . Throughout , I was shocked at how much of the horror in the book has come to pass . Though it was written less than 60 years ago , our world has come to resemble the society in the book in many ways . We 've started to absolve ourselves of all responsibility in life , and we will do nearly anything for pleasure . Though I enjoyed it at first read , I know it 's one I 'll have to dive into again and again to truly appreciate .
 This book was a real pleasue to read . With laws passed to limit rights , this novel certainly challenges the censorship that today 's governments enforce . I would recommend this book to anybody , whether you know anything about the topic at hand or not .
 Fahrenheit 451Ray Bradbury 's novel , `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is a fascinating depiction of a world where books are banned and burned . It is a frightening vision of a fascist , future America where dissent and independent thought is discouraged . Supposedly , books conjure up to many feelings and questions ; people are better off in ignorant bliss . Reading books is illegal . People are absorbed by huge televisions displaying mindless programming . Written in 1960 , the novel is set around our time . In our alternate history , people stopped reading books , and humanities courses in college lost interest and were dropped . Society became ever more automic and fast-paced . War is ever-prevalent , as fighter jets are constantly heard , screeching across the sky . It is a picture of a society in decline.Our protagonist Guy Montag is a fireman whose job it is to seek out and destroy books . Houses are all made of brick now , so they ca n't burn . He meets a lovely , young lady who asks him questions and gets his mind thinking . In secret , he begins to keep and read some of the books and discovers a new world . He also meets an old man who used to be a humanities professor ; he shows Montag his library and helps him to see things in a new light.This is an amazing classic novel . Its implications for our society are profound . People should slow down , stop being brainwashed by television , and open their mind to the world of books . This novel is intelligent , extremely well-written , and a pleasure to read .
 I 'm not sure how I managed to gain a degree in English and never read this book . While watching Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , I was overcome with a desire to read the book when the Nazis were burning books . For years , whenever my college Christian group discussed book burning , I would accuse them of being Nazi Germany or mention this book under my breath . And , of course , I had never read it . However , after reading it , I was more right than I ever could have known ... When I started this book , I fully expected some elaborate government coup to permanently do away with books as a way of citizen control . But I did not expect it to have originated with the people ! In a society where people are focused on instant gratification and personal equality -LRB- similar to Harrison Bergeron -RRB- , books are thrown by the wayside . Condensed down to small encyclopedia references , people can no longer need a college education to be up on the latest work of literature , like Shakespeare . However , seeing the pointlessness in that , books , which are about people who are n't even real , were replaced by `` real '' people in wall TVs.However , after the people decided to do away with books , the government saw a toehold and used it for their advantage . Reading the book really made me think more about what we put importance on . Look at all of the game shows on TV , the bigger and better entertainment systems we want , etc. . We stopped asking why.Even though she did not have much time in the book , I loved Clarisse ! She was a simple , beautiful , and delightful character ! Just her presence and her refusal to accept life the way she was told made a huge difference in Montag 's life . Her love to just talk and ask questions was pivotal in his development as a character.This book is really hard to explain . Bradbury dares his audience to think about things , talk , and not take everything at face value . This was an amazing book , and I challenge people to read it and not come away changed .
 Best book about political correctness run amok ever written.It 's short and sweet , and makes you think , if you are capable of thinking .
 What can one say about this sci-fi classic ? Bradbury 's writing is powerful and at times nerve wracking as he takes us through fireman Montag 's conversion from a book burning drone to one who wants to read and preserve them . Through his almost stream of consciousness writing , his edgy use of adverbs which create powerful images , Bradbury builds the suspense and action at a breakneck speed . Bradbury is prophetic in characterizing how modern technology can turn humans into mindless , manipulated morons . The TV screens surrounding the typical home in the novel are eerily familiar to the way reality shows today envelop the minds of their viewers , making them obsess on meaningless and mindless things like which rich wife yelled at whom , while those in power create and manipulte the world for us for their own ends .
 Even though this book was written 60 years ago it 's amazing how much it still applies to today . In Montag 's world books were not only banned but destroyed , burned to ashes along with the house they were held in and in many cases the people who hid them . The government says that books are silly and the words meaningless yet destroys them all proving that someone in authority firmly believes that a book is a dangerous thing . Which is actually what happens . Montag meets a girl who society deems ` crazy ' and she puts a little thought in his head . Next thing he knows he is questioning why . Why he is a fireman . Why the books are so dangerous . Why Why Why . Questions that to maintain peace and balance should not be asked.Overall I found that I enjoyed this book despite it being totally different from what I am used to reading even though many times I had to read a paragraph over again because I missed some thing that ended up being important . I found Montag 's discovery of himself and nature a bit hard to follow . His journey to discovery read a lot like descent into madness which I thought was hard at times to follow . I did like that this book was thought provoking and I plan to follow up with searching for some discussion web pages to see other people 's interpretations . A book you definitely need to read at least once in your lifetime .
 Dads , Moms , Uncles , Aunts , and friends no longer need to talk themselves blue in the face warning their loved ones that their dreams of wedded bliss will soon become nighmares . Just give them this book and let them figure it out . Odds are they will hear themselves in several of the hundreds of quotes from once-married folks who learned too late that they and their former spouses were incompatible . If not , certainly answering the questions that Ms. Pendley poses will open their eyes . Here 's a proposal
 Do you really know each other ? Do you really know yourself ? This book helps the reader look beyond the fog of early infatuation but is not intimidating , and easily can be used effectively by individuals and couples no matter what spot you occupy on the marriage timeline . The author helps you be adult enough to think about the true meaning of marriage , but her book does not take the romance out of the process like so many others . I predict this book will become standard in every pre-marital counseling office .
 If all those contemplating marriage would read Lis Pendley 's book `` Marriage Works '' prior to the wedding , there would be a remarkable improvement in the number of successful marriages and a significant drop in divorce rates . Her quotes from so many dating and married couples and the provocative questions she asks the readers bring up situations that are probably not thought through before most wedding ceremonies . This book would be a great gift for anyone contemplating marriage ... and wanting to live happily ever after .
 When you read through this book you say to yourself , `` I should know this stuff , '' but very often unless you have taken the time to really sit down and specifically talk to your fiance about these topics they go unmentioned . I have been married for two and half years now and really could have used this book when my wife and I first started thinking about getting married . By taking the time early in the relationship to find out where your fiance or beloved is coming from it makes working out problems later much easier . The author hits all the big topics and some that do n't seem so big until there is a conflict about them . This is a great resource to equip a young couple with as they are thinking about making the big step toward marriage .
 Mrs. Pendley 's book is a terrific , common sense book that any starry eyed couple planning to tie the knot should read together before they send out the wedding invitations . It 's easy to read , easy to follow and makes so much sense that I wonder why no one wrote this before . Both my adult daughters picked it up without any prompting on my part and began reading it . Both have `` issues '' with their current boyfriends and I could tell that some of the simple questions about possible future in laws and family upbringing of their potential spouses have given them pause . In the days when parents or match makers took on the role of `` matching '' partners for life , the kinds of questions this book makes one think about would have been asked and answered long before any commission was paid to the marriage broker . In a way , this book plays that role . I hope more young couples read it to avoid making the wrong decision .
 If I had read Lis ' book and worked through the exercises , I would have looked beyond my youthful desire to be married , and I would have challenged the odds of living with a man I thought I loved.Should I ever choose to consider marriage again , I will most definitely use the guidelines in Marriage Works . I wish all couples anticipating marriage would use this book as a discovery of their foundation
 This is my favorite of all of Simenon 's novels . It 's the story of an unhappily married man who finds a strange way to deal with his marital problems . The story is intriguing , the characters are unforgettable , and the neighborhood where the book unfolds is so powerfully described that I feel like I 've been there . This is a book that will haunt you -- highly recommended .
 In the mid 1930 's German soldier and First World War veteran , Captain Adolf Von Schell , found himself on an exchange program at Fort Benning , Ga. . During his tenure there he lectured extensivley on his wartime experiences which included first hand knowledge of the maneuver battles that had characterized the war against Russia and the earley stages of the war in the west . These lectures and two contemporaneously written articles on the U.S. Army and the Army of the Weimar Republic have been compiled into a remarkably provocative little book that should interest scholars and warriors alike.It is not surprising that many readers have likened `` Battle Leadership '' to Rommel 's `` Infantry Attacks '' . Both books are exceptionly well written documents built on the experience of company grade German officers and designed to pass on lessons learned in blood . However , `` Battle Leadership '' differs from `` Attacks '' in its short proscriptive style . Where Rommel gives us a narrative of his war experience , Von Schell has highlighted five specific lessons each of which is explained in a short discussion of an actual combat experience :1 . The effect of tempo on military planning after hostilities commence .2 . The inaccuracy of nearly all intellegence at the commencement of hostilities .3 . The use of the attack in gaining timely and accurate intelligence .4 . The virtues and uses of veteran troops .5 . The cultivation of bravery by personal example.For the most part Von Schell is restating -- albeit in his particularly lucid and accessible style -- truisms with which any well read militarist is familiar . However , in his analysis of two of these points he strikes out on somewhat novel ground.Von Schell 's discussion of tempo and its effect on combat planning answeres a problem that has nettled young subalterns for decades ; what is the point of writing long operations orders in peace if they will seldom if ever be used in the heat of battle ? Von Schell suggests that the value of such orders lies as much in shaping the young officers mind as in providing him with a tool for combat : All armies of the world learn , in peace time , how to write beautifully constructed orders.I believe that it is correct to learn to thinkof everything and to forget nothing , butwe must never lose sight of the fact that , in a war of movement , our orders will bebrief and simple . PG 63-64Perhaps Von Schell 's greatest piece of wisdom regards the collection of tactical intelligence . Noting that the only valuable intelligence is timely intelligence and linking this idea with the absolute requirment of keeping up the tempo of the offensive , the author writes , `` The best reconnaissance will always be the attack . `` If `` Battle Leadership '' has any weaknesses they can be easily seen and understood if we remind ourselves of the authors perspective . Von Schell 's almost obsessive interest in the value and uses of combat hardened veterens -- while of little value to untried junior officers in command of equally untried troops -- is quite understandable when we recall that he was one of a generation of German soldiers who had survived three years of the most intense conflict in human history . Likwise , the authors preference for poor tactical security and dispersion measures can be overlooked if we recall that Von Schell learned his trade at a time when military thinkers were just beginning to develop dispersion and security as an answer to the machinegun and long range artillery fires.Indeed , it is in takeing a measure of the authors perspective that we begin to see the true importance of `` Battle Leadership '' . More than a handbook of infantry tactics , `` Battle Leadership '' is a remarkably personal and unintentional account of how the German experiance of the First World War forged the Wehrmacht of the Second
 First of all if you are looking for this book contrary to what the used book sellers are telling you THIS BOOK IS NOT RARE OR HARD TO FIND ! YOU DO N'T HAVE TO PAY $ 100 TO GET A GOOD COPY ... you can get it new for about $ 4 at the Marine Corps Association book site or wait 4-6 weeks and pay $ 2.50 + s & h. . . The book itself is a very insightful report by an officer who obvserved the effects of war on his command . Even though almost 100 years old this is still a great book for any Soldier , Marine , or military historian .
 First of all , this book is recommended to be read by all United States Marines by Major General Twomey United States Marine Corps.This book is a prime example of a great leader . This German Officer shares with us a life full of experiences during World War I. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to find out what it takes to survive in a battlefield not physically , but the most complicated of all , the mind . He does explain how you can never prepare yourself mentally during peace time.Ive read this book once , and cant wait to read it again.Marcos TorresUnited States Marine
 This is great reading for young officers and battle leaders . It has many stories abut different circumstances and the kinds of leadership that exposed itself during those circumstances .
 as a warrior of 9 wars and 89 battlesi have lived alot of the truths this man wrote of , many wars and years beforethe times may change , the principles , do notfor ever true combat leaderthere is no better bookget it , read itand you will know itas the truth always resonateshawke sends
 Adolf Von Schell is a combat leader , but his lessons apply to any leadership position . This book is a short read that offers big lessons .
 This book was put into my hands by a daughter with her high recommendation . I have heard of page burners before but I had never read one until now.I spent the night with this book and absolutely could not put it down . It was positively the most exciting story I have ever encountered . I could not wait to get to the next page . I was amazed , excited by the plot , and in high anticipation as to where the story would take me next . I consider myself smarter than the average bear but I was not able to predict this story from the get-go . Wes MacGregor , the star of this story , was everything I would want in a real he-man . I could see Bruce Willis in this part every step of the way . It was exciting imagery and the author , Jay Farrington , for a first book really made this story live . It is so plausible it was scary . This could happen!Great book . Hope there is more where this came from as I will be the first person in line to get another .
 A great read w/a uncomfortably plausible story line . Just the fact that children could be used as pauns by terrorism is terrorfying in itself . This book is well written and the characters well developed . Interesting twist throughout the book and a good , ending . Well worth the read and looking forward to more books from this writer .
 Somewhere between reality and fiction lies the essence of Jay P. Farrington 's compelling first novel , Domestic Terrorism . A real-life street cop , Farrington expertly tells the tale of Wes MacGregor - a street-wise law enforcement veteran whose prophetic vision of the degeneration of America 's teenagers comes hauntingly true . Farrington introduces us to child armies who have turned away from their dysfunctional families , to gain the acceptance of a maniacal father figure , hell-bent on exacting his revenge on society in general , and Wes in particular . Ripped from real life events , Domestic Terrorism is a shockingly smart page-turner you wo n't soon forget .
 The book was a page turner . The characters were well developed and the story had a realistic and thought provoking plot . With the recent events of the past year the story really make you think something like this could really happen . Domestic Terrorism incorporates tactical military and police techniques , while taking a hard look and the problems of enforcing juvenile related crimes . Domestic Terrorism is a wake up call for those who think juveniles are uncapable of commiting violent crimes . Domestic Terrorism re-enforces that those who commit violent crimes should be held accountable for their actions . Domestic Terrorism is a must read for any public safety personnel or those who are concerned for homeland security .
 Purchased this book for my high school senior daughter to help her write those dreaded college essays . Great info with lots of tips to get the ideas flowing for topics . Highly recommend !
 I have looked at many books to help with college essays and this is the only one worth reading . The book discussed each type of essay asked to write in detail . A great book to buy .
 this book is excellently written for the chemists who are getting into materials science . the cross-over can sometimes be tough due to the `` language barrier '' in that materials typically uses different terms for subjects that chemists use . this book , being written specifically to bridge that gap , does an excellent job presenting the material for the chemists viewpoint.the theory is well laid out and examples of computational approaches and discussion of results are clearly presented . the good and bad of methods are presented in an unbiased way allowing the reader to weigh all options in order to select an approach which is appropriate for their research.i highly recommend this book for any upper level undergraduates of graduate student ... or any chemist looking to cross over into the world of materials science .
 This is really well written and a realtively easily understandable book for the most of the people in computational and material chemistry . The most attractive point found for me was the fact that many different codes and methods are nicely compared and gave a guideline to find which would be the most suitable method for a specific task . This is one of my favorite books , and I recommend it to the people looking for computational chemistry books .
 I would recommend that all Black families have a copy of thgis book in their library . In addition , I also recommend it to any individuals who are searching for historical insight into the past , especially , the institution of Slavery . I will also suggest to anyone who reads this book to take from it what he or she can used and forget what is not useful .
 My Sunday School class has read other Ortberg books . We were looking for a study that would get into Scripture . It does n't completely cover Acts but pieces of it . The conversation that this study has generated is terrific and as usual for Ortberg , takes you to a higher level .
 Nice small group study , or individual . Pushes forward on how you view the Spirit as a companion in your life .
 Great discussion in our community group . Confronted -LRB- mis -RRB- conceptions of the Holy Spirit . Deeper than expected from online book review - much growth for all of us .
 good product and good bible study material . learn lots about the work of the holy spirit and how it builds community
 Who are these people who beg by the side of the road ? What has driven them to so desperate a measure as panhandling ? How much money do they collect ? Where do they go and how do they live when they are not on the streetcorners ? While Bruce Moody 's book can not speak for all street beggars , it does provide a thoughtful and penetrating glimpse into the hidden world of the down and out . In reading this account , one must perforce give up the well-worn cliches and stereotypes about those inhabiting this netherworld . Moody 's tale is one of raw adversity , yes , but also one of redemption . The kindness of strangers he encounted in one year is , I daresay , more than most of us will experience in a lifetime . `` Will Work For Food or $ '' shines as a bright beacon of hope through the darkness of despair .
 This is a difficult book for me to review . I want to like it for the graceful form of the paragraphs , elegant structure of the sentences and impeccable choice of words , and I like it very much . It does get tiresome reading about the tedium of standing for long periods of time holding a sign . Yes , that must be tiresome . But what is impressive is the author 's honesty . He lays bare his fears and his self-justifying inner dialog , allowing me to judge him . Then I must question why I am judging him . He 's just like me!It is fascinating learning of the relationships that develop between the author and the people he comes into contact with in his struggle for survival . When I had decided he knows nothing of compassion , he writes of his loving care for his sister and I get to see I misjudged.I do n't always like this guy , but then I do n't always like myself . I learned to appreciate being manipulated into seeing my weaknesses and learning to be grateful for them . This book changed me .
 I challenge anyone to read this book and look at roadside beggars in the same way as before . It is impossible , because you now know that the next beggar you pass just might be another Bruce Moody . Bruce Moody breaks all the steretypes . This is perhaps the most honest book I 've ever read , and Moody 's willingness to share with readers his inner process is extraordinary . Most people would find the mere act of standing on a street corner begging for work or money utterly embarrassing , and indeed , Moody himself struggles mightily with shame . But Moody courageously shares everything
 Take Dostoyevsky 's `` Notes from the Underground , '' mix it with the Biblical stories of Job 's travails and Jacob 's wrestling , simmer for 60 years , stir in American optimism and the popular career book , `` What Color is Your Parachute , '' bring to a rolling boil , remove from heat , let cool , serve , and you 'll have Bruce Moody 's memoir , `` Will Work for Food or $ . `` All who have encountered beggars in America should read Mr. Moody 's memoir . It makes no difference whether you 've agonized over the plight of beggars , as I have , or criticized them for being too picky in their job searches , as I also have . You will find Moody 's experiences and soul searching powerful and interesting on several levels.Moody 's memoir takes us into the mind and experiences of an honest senior citizen begging for work to stay afloat . His experience is not the result of a contrived , self-imposed literary or journalistic assignment but instead comes from his struggle to survive and keep his home . Political and intellectual motives can drive authors to concoct or artificially partake of experiences inorder to make points or satisfy intellectual curiosity , but such works lack the deep , poetic soul searching and humor of Moody 's work.His memoir contains much more than temporal descriptions of financial and employment predicaments . It reveals Moody 's deepest thoughts of optimism , self-doubt , prejudice , humility , spirituality , pride , desire , honesty , discipline and survival . It stays away from politicizing and intellectualizing the problems of homelessness and poverty in America , and instead focuses on people in their essence in face-to-face encounters . He does n't confine his spiritual thoughts to an abstract world but lets them stand and sit freely with him by the roadside . People frequently surprised Moody while he begged , and me , too , as I read the book.Moody 's writing style reflects the openness and honesty of his accounts . He is not constrained by rules of grammar . His writing is more akin to poetry and therefore better conveys his thoughts and emotions than prosaic , proper English . He knows what he 's doing , though , and I 'm not the only one who thinks so
 At the age of 60 , Yale educated Bruce Moody was fired from his job in the Bay area and could not get another . As homelessness loomed , he took what he perceived as the only way out
 At the age of 60 , Bruce Moody found out the hard way that education from Yale and Columbia , published writing credits , a strong acting resume and years of work in the business world -LRB- as a contract employee -RRB- could not protect him from economic downturn . His struggle to keep a roof over his head , pay his bills , continue to develop and maintain his self-respect , and cope with his sister 's serious illness , without burdening his family financially , is a story as suspenseful as anything by Ken Follett . Of interest to anyone , especially persons involved with human growth , spirituality , the arts , and any of us who 've ever whizzed by those guys with the placards at freeway offramps , is this memoir . It details how , with fear and trepidation , Bruce Moody decided to trust his wellbeing to the kindness of strangers and stand by the roadside with the proverbial sign
 The devotion to detail , the honesty , the dignity , the humanity , the willingness to put a personal philosophy to the test-all these qualities come up roses in this book.On both levels , the level of person and the level of writer , the author seized the authentic moment of his reality and recognized the power that flows from his being able to totally accept and acknowledge himself , where he 's at , and once able to do that with surprise , openness , a lack of bitterness , and an absorption in the moment , he 's on your way .
 Ever wondered about those rumpled creatures scrambling for quarters at the side of the road , staring you down as you nervously wait for the light to change ? This guy , down on his luck , not only took on the habitus of a scrounger but wrote a book about it . A prize winner at that . Congratulations to him for his forthright look at life at the side of the road . Readers will find humor , insight , and a refreshing bravado in this account of his time shoving plastic foam coffee cups under motorists ' noses . The occasional lapses into self conscious lapidarian prose more suitable for headstones than curbstones can be forgiven . You wo n't be able to stop turning the pages .
 As far as I know , `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Companion '' is the only book entirely devoted to the legendary `` TCM '' series . That alone makes it an irresistible purchase to any hardcore fan of the original film . And those fans wo n't be entirely disappointed , since this book contains brand-new exclusive interviews with many cast and crew members , plus lots of photographs -LRB- all reproduced in B&W -RRB- and dozens of trivial tidbits . Those of you who are diehard `` Chainsaw '' fanatics -- and you know who you are -- go ahead and buy it . It 's not expensive , and you will learn a thing or two about the films.However , judged strictly as a book , `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Companion '' is merely adequate . Stefan Jaworzyn has done his homework , but he does n't distinguish himself here as much of a writer or critic , and he does n't bring any particular insight or wit to the subject matter . Jaworzyn 's book is largely told in the oral history style , using long quotes from interview subjects and letting them tell the story in their own words . The `` oral history '' approach has become a cliche in books of this nature and seems a bit lazy at times , but perhaps it 's for the best that it 's recycled -LRB- once again -RRB- here . When Jaworzyn takes over the narration , the book seems a bit flat and lifeless . The author 's worst tendency is to make bold generalizations without backing them up with evidence or explanations . For example , he says that `` Psycho '' is the most overrated film of the last 50 years and then does n't explain WHY he thinks so . Similarly , he declares `` Motel Hell '' to be `` terrible '' without any explanation whatsoever and casually dismisses `` Deranged '' as `` obvious '' exploitation but does n't explain why.Frankly , a good deal of this book is padding . There 's a whole chapter , for example , devoted solely to quotes from various reviews of the first `` TCM '' film . While it 's good for a few chuckles , it hardly merits the space it takes up . Similarly , the chapter devoted to the real Ed Gein is a space-waster
 Gathered in this book are the behind the scenes stories from those that were there of the making of one of the horror genre 's truly legendary films and its sequels -LRB- with a passing , and mostly negative , mentioning of the 2003 remake -RRB- . Author Stefan Jaworzyn lets the participants speak for themselves in almost uncommented upon interview clippings -LRB- he does step in clarify some details or to just share his unneeded opinion -RRB- . The result is a far clearer glimpse at director Tobe Hooper -LRB- who gets a chapter of his own -RRB- and the trendsetting thriller he directed back in 1973 . Hooper -LRB- who appears via interview clippings from other sources -RRB- comes across as an extremely talented man hampered with bad business skills and even worse luck in choosing who he does business with . Those he worked with mostly come across as an intelligent bunch of plain old folks completely caught off guard by the powerful little movie they worked on . The first TCM had a notoriously bad shoot and what happened afterward -LRB- in terms of the shafting by the film industry received by all -RRB- was a sad foreshadowing of what was to befall Tobe Hooper over the next thirty years . History more or less repeated itself with each sequel , though only the Tobe Hooper directed one receives truly in depth treatment . The chapter on Leatherface
 In my opinion , this is a must-read for anyone who has ever been to Florence . I read it while there for three months on a study abroad program and loved it . If I had never been there or had no knowledge of the history of the city , the novel would n't have been as interesting . It is hard to believe that it was written in the 19th century and not during the renaissance as an eye witness account . Elliot 's knowledege of Florentine history and her use of real historical characters in the text is amazing . The story starts off very slow at first but then sucks you in . It seems to keep getting more and more dramatic and then concludes with a very satisfying ending .
 &#34; Romola &#34; is a good novel by a great and supremely intelligent novelist . The Renaissance Italy background is fascinating . Though not Eliot 's greatest novel - that would be &#34; Middlemarch &#34; - &#34; Romola &#34; is extremely rewarding .
 Romola was engrossing and , of course , very well-written . I 'm even inspired to find out more about a historical period that 's not really one of my favorites .
 Romola was published in `` The Cornhill '' magazine in 14 parts from July 1862 to August 1863 . It is George Eliot 's foray into the realm of historical fiction made popular by the earlier novels of Sir Walter Scott . Eliot is a great English novelists known for such classics as Adam Bede ; The Mill on the Floss ; Felix Holt ; Middlemarch -LRB- her masterpiece -RRB- , Scenes of Clerical Life and Daniel Deronda . Romala is the only novel she wrote not set in the British Isles . It is her least popular and known work though she considered it her favorite . The book is lengthy and intricate in its recounting of the life of the title heroine Romola in fifteenth century Florence . The major players are : Romola Bardi
 Romola is constantly called Eliot 's weakest novel , with even serious critics reluctant to praise it . However , it was seen in the 19th century as Eliot 's masterpiece . Some of the blame for the novel going out of fashion must rest with F.R. Leavis who said that `` few will want to read Romola a second time , and few can ever have got through it once without some groans . '' If Leavis , viewed as one of the great literary minds , thinks this , then more average readers like us are bound to be put off.True , the start of Romola is bogged down in detail , but it is introduced by a wonderful , stirring and majestic ` Proem ' which sees the Angel of the Dawn sweeping across the Earth and loftily states how humanity is the same now as it was when Romola is set . After this , the notes are best ignored - consult them separately , and concentrate on getting into the book . It is a stirring and sometimes hard read , and moves one with awe at what Eliot has created - you really feel you are experiencing Florence in the 15th century . There is one scene that stands out for me - the haunting and almost surreal episode where Romola drifts by boat to an apparent coastal haven . Images of peace and life are reversed disturbingly.So ignore Leavis and the dissenters . If you 've read another Eliot , you 'll like it . If you have n't , maybe start with something else , but come back , for it 's a rewarding read
 George Eliot spent two years preparing `` Romola '' , and the result is a rich , densely detailed `` Tale of the Renaissance '' . Never a facile writer , here she is concerned with one of the most intellectually challenging -LRB- not to mention politically complicated -RRB- periods in history ; and she paints the panoply and power struggles as a background for the personal tragedy which is the novel 's crux . While not an `` easy read '' in the Sir Walter Scott sense , `` Romola '' presents in sumptous detail the banquets , the festivities , and the famous bonfire of vanities that one associates with late 15th Century Florence.But from a purely literary viewpoint , the most important thing about the book is its delineation of Tito Melema , the young man who in the opening chapters is the story 's hero , but slowly , irrevocably becomes its villain . Neither Sir Walter nor Charles Dickens has psychological insight -LRB- in the modern sense -RRB- as sharp as George Eliot 's , and this study of a fictional character 's downfall is one of the most stunning depictions of corruption in English literature . That he is the husband of the heroine , a sensitive , finely sensual woman , makes the tragedy all the more poignant . Scenes involving historical characters -LRB- including Savonarola and Machiavelli -RRB- tend to be a little stiff in costume movie style . Oh , and because the story takes place in the 1490 's , one must imagine the Piazza della Signoria without Michelangelo and Cellini . This must really have frustrated a connoisseur like George Eliot .
 Given the majority of Eliot readers begin with Middlemarch , I found myself in the unique position of not only beginning with Romola , but also on a subject that I find most interesting . That of Renaissance Italy . Beginning at the death of the great Lorenzo di Medici in '92 I read this great novel twice . Once quickly as any other Twenty-First century paperback ; the second , slowly , with more respect for the intellectual scope within the pages.After the first attempt I was mildly disappointed . I came away with no true sense of the whole that is fifteenth century Florence and a bewilderment at the inconsistent central characterisation of Tito Melema and his golden-haired wife , Romola . The supporting actors were brilliant , from Fra Girolama 's fantatical Catholicism to Bratti 's salesmanship . But I was left disappointed , believing in the superficality of Tito , the maddening naivety of Tessa , and the almost puritanical martyrdom of Romola.So I re-read it . Slowly.It is now extremely clear why this great work of english literature is , as Eliot herself puts it , a `` book of mine which I more thoroughly feel that I swear by every sentence as having been written with my best blood '' . Each scene is mesmerically depicted , the infintesimal attention to details and Eliot 's total control of her subject matter shines through.Renaissance Florence was n't so well depicted by its contemporaries.From Tito 's waking at the Loggia de ' Cerchi to his final fall at the Ponte Vecchio his character moves through a full range as you would expect from a man in his early twenties . His child-like mesmerism coupled with his Greek tutorage gives rise to a cherubic man whom Florence loves . His fatal flaw is his desire for love and a single terrible lie he gives that , like Murphy 's Law , evolves into a a stigma that alters his very persona . What is all the more damaging is that you truly believe he is unaware of the pain he causes . He is truly egocentric , in an almost blameless way . For Romola , you cold argue the opposite . Indeed she is potentially more culpable . Her fierce intellectualism is offset by a descent into a world of religious supersition , a world where religion is used as a political tool . Throughout she has the knowledge of where her actions will take her and a terrible sense of duty and restrains her . From the beginning , with the story we hear so often of Tito 's escape from drowning , to his final near drowning at the hands of the mob , to his strangulation by his father there is a certain bitter justice until all that he leaves is his proud and world-scarred wife Romola and the innocence that he preserved with Tessa . Tito 's move from innocent ` hero ' to startled villain is an excerise in human failings . Yet it is not a sufficient single human tragedy , as Eliot says , `` Florence was busy with greater affairs , and the preparation of a deeper tragedy '' . In many respects ` Romola ' is Eliot 's King Lear . The parallels are many , including Baldessare 's depiction . There is no Edgar , nor Edmund but the Fool is here in many guises . In taking one of Shakespeare 's finest themes , Eliot has given true life to fifteenth century Florence and it is , perhaps , best encapsulated by Romola 's final statement to Tessa 's son , Lillo : `` There was a man to whom I was very near ... who made almost everyone fond of him , for he ws young , and clever , and beautiful ... I believe , when I first knew him , he never thought of anything cruel or base . But because he tried to slip away from everything that was unpleasant , and cared for nothing else so much as his own safety , he came at last to commit some of the basest deeds - such as make men infamous . `` So , Eliot 's ` Romola ' . Read it , delight in it because it truly is , as the author can rightly claim , one of the finest works in english literature .
 Yes , it bristles with Glossaries and Appendices and Notes like so much barbed wire . -LRB- And if you actually read the Penguin editor 's introduction , it 's a sure thing you 'll never read the novel
 Romola was a difficult book to read . If I did not happen to be on a business trip that left me long hours on seemingly endless international flights , I doubt if I would have had the perseverance to stick with it . In writing this book , Eliot spent six months in exhaustive research on fifteenth century Florence , and she is going to give it all to you whether you like it or not . This made it difficult to enjoy because I was constantly going to the back of the book get the translation of Italian and Latin phrases , reference to obscure historical characters , and other minutia which would only be clear to someone with a doctorate in Italian history . I was frustrated by this throughout the book . Having said that , the book is worth the wade ! As always Eliot 's writing is a pure joy to read . Some of her description is so beautiful that I have to step back in wonder that someone can create narrative so rich and inviting . Her characters are complex , intriguing and well developed . First , Tito was the most original antihero I have run across in years
 Funny how Eliot 's least-loved novel today was the author 's personal favorite and her best seller during her lifetime . How did it slide into relative obscurity ? Partly because Eliot 's acknowleged forte is her depiction of rural life in Victorian England , whereas this novel is set in a large Italian city -LRB- Florence -RRB- during the Renasaissance . Also , the novel does bog down a bit in its own scholarliness , as nearly every reviewer has mentioned . Still , the innumerable references to prominent Florentines can be glossed over without losing much . As for the urban setting , Eliot 's Florence is every bit as vivid as Dickens ' London , or Dostoevsky 's St. Petersburg . And , of course , every page is filled with Eliot 's trademark wisdom.For anyone who cares about great books , all seven of Eliot 's novels are absolutely mandatory . So , by all means start with `` Adam Bede '' or `` Middlemarch '' , but do n't neglect `` Romola . `` A word about the Konneman edition
 When one starts reading a Victorian novelist , one prepares before hand to face a certain amount of wooden , heavy-handed moralizing , as every great narrative of the epoch is fraught with the opposition between the calls of pleasure and the calls of duty , between seeking for one 's private advantage and sticking to one 's role , with the writer making the latter to win overwhelming . This novel is no different , in that it 's the dutiful Romola that has the upper hand over her nice and debauched husband Tito Melena in the end . However , the novel being set in late Renaissance Italy - a country with which George Eliot had an enduring love affair - it captures the atmosphere of the time and place in such a beautiful way that this enormous , throughly reserched historical novel has such a flowing , luxurious style that takes an almost liquid quality , like a fresh , transparent scream flowing along a summer Mediterranean landscape . Also , in the person of Savonarola , Eliot menaged to introduce the figure of the idealist turned evil through his attachment to his call . In short
 I loved this book ! Set in fifteenth century Florence , Romola explores the deep recesses of the soul . Renaissance Italy with its political/religious conflicts , intellectual , pursuits , artistry and pageantry are all beautifully protrayed throughout Eliot 's magnificent love story . Deceit , greed and selfishness are artfully displayed against the purity of a nobel soul which knows no compromise . Romola , the book 's main character is a study in virtue , while Tito her husband has but the veneer of goodness . Tito falls forever because of one lie . This is a book to read slowly and savor .
 A book with unforgettable characters - in Tito who demonstrates the degeneration of the soul in the pursuit of money and an ideal character in Romola who personifies duty . This book characterizes George Eliot 's concept of truth . Truth according to her is not only what is real , but also , what should be . Another character who fascinates is Savonarola - we see him as a human being , with strengths and weaknesses . And Eliot teaches us to be like Romola - to appreciate the good in a human being instead of damming him completely . Along with true to life characters , ideal characters , historical characters , also a superb depiction of rennaisance Italy . Whatever critics say about ` Romola ' being the least readable of all Eliot 's books , it remains her most idealistic work which makes one feel deeply , and want to emulate the good . Hence , a great classic which is enjoyable and which sets you thinking about your own inadequacies .
 Romola is a dense , compelling historical novel by the master of English fiction , George Eliot . Although this book is a bit slow going at first , the true-to-life characters and the towering themes make the reader 's efforts more than worthwhile . Like the great film `` Kiss of the Spider Woman , '' this novel deals with love , betrayal , parenthood , revenge , greed , spirituality , religion , and deceit , in ways that seem remarkably modern . I read it three times !
 I 'll go to the mat for this one . Horsfall writes in an incredibly compressed style , making this book seem like a collection of notecards for a much longer book , but as long as you can parse his style , the material is logically organized and has tons of pointers to more extensive references , often in the footnotes on a sentence-by-sentence basis . Horsfall plows through the Aeneid in one hundred pages , trying to summarize centuries of debates in a handful of sentences . While his approach is quirky , it 's also * very * informative . But beginners will find it overwhelming and probably annoying.Why Vergil ? A Collection of Interpretationsis recommended as a * much * easier way into Virgil that focuses on the big themes .
 this book is FANTASTIC ! i have n't even finished it yet but i 'm hooked . the author weaves such an intricate tale , fused with wonderfully descriptive and imaginative characters . this first-time author is sure to be a success in the future . if you have n't picked up your copy of BLOOD RUNE , you should definitely do so today ! you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is a great book for a small company looking to get ISO 9000 registration . The author hits all the key points of ISO and even includes a diskette with the book . Another plus is that the profits go towards cancer research . A quality product all around .
 For anyone that needs to learn about ISO 9000 , this is the book!Comprehensive yet easy to understand .
 I found it very useful in basic knowledge of vinyl and how one may be better than another . I believe someone reading this book will better understand the industry and how to save money when dealing with siding companies or for the `` DO IT YOURSELF '' I found it very easy to follow and I believe anyone with alittle skills could use this book as a guide and successfully complete their own siding and save big $ $ $ .
 Phoenix in the Ashes is a collection of six stories . They are both a demonstration of the range of Joan Vinge 's talent and an clear indication of the importance of characterization in her works . All the protaganists in these stories are alienated in some way from their culture and each must resolve their own eccentric problems.The title story involves two individuals , each an outcast in their own society , who learn to fulfill each other 's needs ; it strongly reminds me of the Gift of the Magi in tone . Voices From the Dust has two scientists who detest each other , but find common ground when an alien presence seizes control of their minds . The Storm King is a tale of emotional growth , as a noble boy learns empathy . The Peddler 's Apprentice also has a boy growing both emotionally and intellectually , finally gaining some measure of wisdom . Psiren has Cat coming to grips with his power and guilt . Mother and Child tells of an alien who develops a degree of affection and appreciation for humanity through his contact with a human woman and her child.Each of these stories involves an individual who is in some way almost unique in their society , but these stories have a larger theme of the uniqueness of all persons . They seem to say , forget the averages and concentrate on the distinctly different aspects of each person.The only problem I have with Joan D. Vinge is that she does n't write enough . Of course , quantity does n't replace quality . And Vinge exemplifies quality to me . Enjoy ! - Arthur W. Jordin
 Phoenix in the Ashes is an amazing collection of Ms. Vinge 's short stories . Each story has an afterword written by Ms. Vinge , which gives the reader insight , into what inspired that particular tale , which I found to be a very pleasant experience . This collection is something any fan of Ms. Vinge must get , unfortunately at this time it is out of print . One story in particular flashes back on Cat from the Catspaw , Psion , Dreamfall series , and is set in the time between Psion and Catspaw when our hero is recovering from the mental-psionic breakdown he suffered because of his time spent in the Telhassium mines of the Federation . This interlude in Cat 's life is just one of six tales included in this collection . The other five range all the way from a desolate future Earth , where technology is considered to be part of the evil spirits -LRB- Phoenix in the Ashes -RRB- , to a sort of world where humans who can see clearly or even hear are considered `` blessed '' or `` gifted '' and has an incredibly suprising plot -LRB- Mother and Child -RRB- . All the stories in this collection have characters of depth and intriguing story lines , in spite of the short length . There is no way to sum up this collection as each story is an individual gem , of a different color and cut set in the ring of adaptation and survival
 This is the best event planning book . It covers all aspects of event planning for gala charity balls etc. and special functions . I flicked through other event planning books and they were mostly about small events such as meetings and parties . This book is comprehensive in covering all aspects of big events .
 This is illustrate the steps to organize a event , in a practical way . In this book , you can not find the theory but the way.Pros
 I have worked in the event industry for the last three years and decided to read through this book prior to getting into the industry . After gaining more experience and being apart of both small and large events I can honestly say that this book has a ton of applicable information . I highly recommend this book if you plan on entering the event industry , putting on your own event , or just would like to see how much time , effort , and planning goes into events .
 I have bought several copies of this book and all my readers were very impressed with its clarity and interesting information . I would recommend it to anyone who is considering Entertainment and Conference Planning and even someone who needs to know how to plan for special occasions in their families . The authors are brilliant !
 For anyone who grew up in Kearny , or who lives nearby , this is a wonderful ` picture ' book filled with history . I never knew the history of my hometown until I was given this book . Its a great gift for any Kearny resident . The pictures are priceless !
 A wonderful story to read and share with others . A very sweet , and humorous tale of a senior woman 's adventure into the wilderness .
 EXCELLENT personal account of an incredible over 80 gal moving from SF to the rugged area of Shasta wilderness to live by herself for a year . Her story is a testimony on how little we need to survive in this world - yet we encumber ourselves with far too much extraneous `` stuff '' we do n't need to survive and better yet ? ENJOY our natural surroundings , whether it be the 4 seasons or the `` call of the wild '' in wilderness living . EXCELLENT read in particular for any woman whose ever been/ever dared to be TRULYadventuous !
 This is a fun-filled book I have read more than once with wonderful characters and decided to share it with a friend who also just loved it ! Light and easy reading with a lot of humor thrown in .
 My grandmother gave me this book when it was first published . I loved it then and I love it now . My grandmother lived in similar conditions and now I am too . Its a wonderful read . Full of laughter and smiles .
 What a fun read ! If you want to be inspired to live to the fullest as we age , this is the book for you ! I read this a couple of years ago and it still makes me smile when I remember it . Now I purchase this for my `` aging '' friends and family to remind us to keep trying new things no matter what our age is !
 I just saw this book at a yard sale , the title caught my interest and I am not sorry I bought it . I enjoyed it so much I bought it for my Daughter-in law 's birthday
 Love it , for all audiences . Right up there with Two Old Women
 I loved every word , and was sad when I was finished with this book - Happy Camp is still wild and hard to reach , even today .
 This book is a beautiful biographical story by the person who lived it . The story is wonderfully entertaining from beginning to end . It makes you want more from her continuing to live in the Cal . mountains as an elderly woman with `` young legs '' . David Brokaw
 Dear Mad 'm is a lighthearted true story about an elderly 80 year old who gos from San Francisco to her gold mine in Klamath CA . Dear Mad 'm at this age is inspiring . If she only knew how many life 's she has touched . A wonderful book ...
 I 've read Dear Mad 'm three times and am still amazed at the author 's ability to transport me into the Klamath mountains . She skillfully paints a detailed picture of her late-in-life adventures amidst enchanting mountain forest life and people who take care of each other around the mid-1900s . You 'll learn a lot about small-scale gold mining , the beautiful plant life of the area and the ability that one can have to change his or her destiny with the simple phrase of , `` I 'm going to do it ! '' I hope someone turns this into a movie !
 My grandmother gave me this book several years ago , and I have just finished reading it for the 2nd time . `` Dear Mad 'm '' chronicles the adventures of octagenarian Stella Patterson who , realizing she has spunk and energy to spare , in addition to a great pair of `` young legs '' , sets out to manage her placer mine in the remote wilds of northern California . With wit and style she relates an amazing year of adventurous living on the mighty Klamath river , striving with and against nature , kept company by a herd of friendly goats , her beloved dog Vicki , and a neighborly duo of miners whom she comes to love as family . I found myself enthralled with her tales and filled with admiration for this energetic and adventuresome lady who said `` No ! '' to old age and lived out her dream in her little cabin in the wilderness . I would dearly love to learn what became of her and to read any other biographical material that is available relating to this remarkable woman .
 I read this book several years ago , and enjoyed it.I recently reread it after travelling from Yreka to Happy Camp , and realizing what a very remote and wild area it is now , let alone back in the 50s . I was impressed with the courage and physical fitness that the author had at the age of eighty.The book is written in a simple but interesting way.There are surprises throughout !
 I first purchased this book while on a vacation trip exactly 14 years ago -LRB- 1989 -RRB- ; since then I 've tried to read it at least once a year . I laugh my way through the book , and the author 's courage & zest for life continues to inspire me ! I only hope I am able to always view life with the same gusto & joy she had , trials & tribulations notwithstanding . She was quite a remarkable woman .
 For 2 years my grandma had been after me to read this book , but I did n't think it looked that great so left it collecting dust on my bookshelf . Finally , when desparate for a book to read at the last minute for a school book report , I grabbed Dear Mad 'm . I was a little disappointed by the first chapter but after that the story blasted off . Who would think a book about an 80 year old woman living in the Siskiyou Mt by the Klamath River could be so exciting ? She left the comforts of the city because she was bored . For 80 years old she was very young acting . She moved into a rusty old cabin and the adventures started from there - from how she got food and supplies from a nearby camp , making curtains out of flour sacks dying them yellow and green by soaking them in onion skins and green plant leaves , to planting large patches of wildflowers . But the silliest part was her friendship with two neighbors who she nicknamed ` UpnUp ' and ` Dear Sir ' and they nicknamed her ` Dear Mad 'm . ' The most exciting part was when she fought off a cougar that was attacking her dog ` Vicky . ' Dear Mad 'm shot the cougar in the head with a gun that weighed almost more than she did . This book is a ture story written by Stella Walthall Patterson who was the real Dear Mad 'm .
 This is a simple book , first published in 1956 , when people thought just a little different than we do now . It 's a true story about a year in the life of an eighty year-old woman . But no common person is she . Leaving what we assume is a sedate and meaningless life in the city for the back hills of northern California , she encounters herself through her neighbours . It 's a perfect book for the cottage or other summer holiday reading . I would invite anyone who also enjoys it , to contact me and help make it a movie .
 All I can say is that I am terribly sorry that I never knew this lady . I now live not far from Happy Camp , and wish that I could encounter her ghost!Her story is charming , funny and courageous . She shows us what we might be if we only had the determination and a bit of luck . I highly recommend it to everybody -- and everybody I know who has read it has loved the book , and loved Dear Mad 'm , Dear Sir , Up n Up and all of the folks in it.One of a kind , and the very best !
 If you are feeling old read Stella 's adventures and rethink your life . Her adventures will inspire you to get up and get busy . Fantastic read for all ages .
 DEAR MAD 'M is a wonderful , wonderful book I recently received as a Christmas gift which would otherwise have slipped under my radar . It is a dear book which I will cherish for the rest of my days . Why ? - For its beautiful , unassuming observations of life . - For its lovable , old fashioned storytelling colored with a touch of sentimentality . - For its youthful zest and clarity . - For its charming humor and wise candor . - For its intrepid spirit and inspiration.DEAR MAD 'M is her name and this is her story - her biographical adventure set in the rugged and remote Siskiyou Mountains of Northern California.The Siskiyou Mountains , the wild Klamath River and the ancient forests of Northern California and Southern Oregon are all very familiar and much loved by me . Once I could call this place my home . But now that I am a retired Bohemian baby-boomer beachnik living on the Gulf Coast of Florida , I could n't be farther away from the magnificent natural world which Dear Mad 'm details so delightfully in this alluring story . Reading it makes my heart ache with longing for all of it again . But reading this book also puts me right back in the middle of that mighty and mystical place once more.Sophisticated , high brow readers might cringe but with suppressed delight as they follow the endearing narrative of Dear Mad 'm as she communes with the natural world of the Siskiyous - befriending it , feeding it , nurturing it , embracing it - all with unbridled energy and spirit.Dear Mad 'm left a comfortable life in San Francisco , a life of ease animated by a loving family and many dear friends , to spend a year of solitude in a rustic , remote cabin on a gold mining claim she owned in the rugged mountains near the tiny , isolated town of Happy Camp , California . She wanted a year of independence and freedom , an opportunity to live life on her own terms , to grow wild flowers , reflect on nature and find a path closer to God.What makes this book so unique and stand out in this genre of back to nature stories is the fact that Dear Mad 'm was 80 years old when she embarked on her singular adventure ! Furthermore , on her eighty-first birthday , she decided to live out the rest of her life this way ! What an inspiration for we approaching a certain age ... and those of us who have already arrived!Dear Mad 'm was the nickname of Stella Walthall Patterson who was born October 14 , 1866 and lived a vital and full life until December 23 , 1956 . Her book DEAR MAD 'M was originally published in 1956 but it is timeless - every bit as charming , engaging and inspiring in 2013 as it was in the 1956 .
 I stumbled upon this book at the Movie Museum in Lone Pine , CA and will be forever grateful that I did . It is a wonderful , endearing and inspiring story about life , love , companionship , friendship , integrity and adventure . One that truly touches the heart . One that I did n't want to end . I highly recommend it .
 This book and it 's true life Dear Mad 'm has got to be my favorite autobiography ever . What a character -- no , make that characters ! I was thrilled , scared silly , laughing so loud I thought the neighbors might call an ambulance . Then she turned around and made me sigh with the love connections . Absolutely marvelous.I 've sent this book to my siblings who are familiar with the Klamath Falls , etc. , area . I felt like I 'd found a new friend.Marvelous !!
 This 2nd edition 51/2 '' x 81/2 '' size , softbound 320 page guide is handy to take with you when you go antiquing for transistor radio collectibles . It has about 400 great , large , clear , full color , sharp photos , and more than 2,000 values -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . There is a nice introduction to collectible transistor radios and a very complete list of radio clubs . The book 's emphasis is on the 50 's and 60 's . Descriptions are very complete and the radios are listed alphabetically by manufacturer , making location and identification easy . Add it to your library and you 'll refer to it often .
 One of the `` must haves '' if you are interested in transistor radios of the fifties and sixties . Hundreds , -LRB- thousands ? -RRB- of listings with photos of some , descriptions of all , and date of manufacture for most . The book also contains estimated value ranges , and useful introductory information .
 This book was handed to me by the president of our company about five months ago , with the instructions , `` Read this . I think it will change the way we build software . '' Turns out he was right.The basic tenet of this book is that , in a rapidly changing and uncertain environment , companies must delay basic technology decisions as long as possible in order to best understand the context in which their product will be used . Changes in context can -LRB- i.e. , new technologies , changing market requirements , competitive products -RRB- can take a product with killer potential and turn it into a market flop within weeks . This applies to manufacturing and system design as well as my industry , software , and was something that we ourselves had experienced.Iansiti 's writing style is fairly dry , and the exhaustive statistical analysis of his research can be , well , exhausting . I found myself skimming the middle of almost every chapter while he proved his points , so I could get to the good stuff
 This book is great at covering a number of topics :1 -RRB- An overview of the current state of Research and Development and how it works2 -RRB- Backing up what it says about R&D ; with interviews into some of the big players in the IT industry3 -RRB- Giving a functional solution to how you should integrate teams and effortsI would say my favorite take away from this book is the separation of knowledge into two types
 This book highlights several key concepts on successful and unsuccessful approaches to integrating product features in the high tech arena . Despite the fact that some of the statistical analysis was over my head , I found the book readable and insightful . The depth of research is impressive . I recommend this book to anyone in the software or hardware industry .
 In her late thirties and unhappy , Veronica Legacy decides it is time to pull up anchor , give up on the secure middle class existence she lives and start anew . Accompanied by her twenty years old daughter Simpson , Veronica leaves her spouse to return to the only place she ever felt at home , the farm of beloved septuagenarian Ernestine Trueheart . She doubts her husband will notice that the two women in his life have left him.However , though welcomed by Ernestine , Veronica realizes you ca n't come home as nothing remains the same . The energetic Ernestine of memory is a slowly dying elderly woman . Still she offers Veronica what she most needs a sense of worth and belonging , but will that prove enough for an adult seeking a haven from the storms of life?This is a terrific slice of life character study that showcases intriguing individuals , especially Veronica , struggling with problems that have thrown them into a depression yet come out fighting for what they believe in . Veronica is the center of this interesting tale , but the support cast mainly Ernestine and Simpson make her a fully developed protagonist . Fans will appreciate this fine often witty but always profound look at middle age crisis.Harriet Klausner
 Enjoyed her style . Found it to be a good read , very entertaining and thought provoking . Will read more of her work .
 I have read the book and enjoyed it . It is not one of my favorites , but it fills in some of the story line . I will be rereading the book . I have all of the Floating Outfit series and am in the process of reading them in order instead of how I purchase them .
 This was read to me by both my 5th and 6th grade teachers and after the second time thru this misunderstood boy 's trials and triumphs , I took my life-savings at the time -LRB- around $ 4 -RRB- and bought the hardback for myself . Now , 35yrs later , a lifetime of reading -LRB- to excess -RRB- in my wake , I re-read it and still find it one of the best books I 've ever known . Well , it 's only about the little things in life ... childhood , fathers and sons , courage , death , friends , enemies , God , faith , and finding one 's true heart and vocation in a brutal world ... that 's all . It 's about Stephen , a sensitive artistic boy whose noble family think him a coward , who makes his way thru the monasteries , castles and battlefields of England in the Middle Ages , in search of himself . The adventures and vivid characters he encounters thrill and enrich us ; the friends who light the way thru Stephen 's journey and the tragedies that I wept to read thru led to a gloriously radiant end . The vocabulary may be a bit daunting , so encourage and help any young readers and if your child or class is reading this , act out the fight scene in the tavern . I remember my teacher sobbing thru several chapers , so keep a few Kleenex handy ! This story of following your bliss and the authentic life still teaches me lessons I hope to share with the children around me . Bon Appetit !
 I first read this book at the suggestion of my elementary school librarian who knew me well enough to know that I would love it . I read it again after I had moved on to the high school . -LRB- My mother borrowed it for me as she continued to teach at the elementary school . -RRB- There came a day when the book was discarded as used . That cost me over twenty years of searching for it and finally locating it through Amazon . The review below speaks for me , too . What a marvelous book !
 One Is One is a fascinating and moving account , set in the Middle Ages , of a boy who does not fit in with his noble , warlike family and who has to come to terms with his ambition to be respected by his family and with his own gifts .
 This was a beautiful book . I enjoyed reading about his journey . The author did an excellent job researching the time and in particular the ways of mixing plants to make colors for the illuminations .
 I am always attracted to colorful covers and this book looked like a comedy . But we all know you ca n't judge a book by its cover ! Although this story had its humorous moments it was a pretty serious read.Jake Chastaine had it all . He was a partner in a prestigious law firm , he had a beautiful wife , home and in-laws who loved him dearly . He had wealth and happiness and he and his wife were about to start a family with the help of a fertility clinic . Then disaster struck and his wife and his parents were killed in an auto accident . Now two years later Jake discovers that his doctor at the fertility clinic used Jake 's one and only back up sample to impregnate a single mother . Knowing that a child resulted from this procedure , Jake is determined to find the child and become a part of his/her life.Annie Hollister and her daughter , Madeline , live on a ranch in Lucky , Oklahoma . Annie 's life is happy and peaceful until Jake shows up on her doorstep and claims to be her child 's father ! She knows he is telling the truth because Madeline is a tiny replica of Jake . Will she be forced to share custody with this stranger?This story is a pleasurable read . It is well-written and that alone will hold my attention whatever the genre . Jake and Annie are intelligent characters and work through their problems with that same intelligence . I have a fourteen month old nephew so I know how a child that age should act and the author perfectly portrayed little Madeline . I usually do n't read stories with children in the lead roles but I have to admit that this child is so cute and adorable . The secondary characters are Jake 's in-laws , Annie 's ranch manager and his wife , Annie 's lawyer and a dachshund named Hot Dog.There is good interaction between all characters and lots of dialogue . I found it refreshing that the plot was n't based on some major deceit to be resolved at the end of the story . This story is about everyday , ordinary people trying to rebuild their lives after a tragedy . I think that Ms. Wells ' style of writing is similar to that of Barbara Bretton . I also think that this book will be one of this year 's sleepers , so buy a copy now before it becomes too hard to find . Enjoy !!
 I was n't sure if this was a novel I wanted to read or not but after reading brief description of it in `` RT '' I took a chance and purchased it anyway ; I 'm so glad I did . In the normal scope of life first comes love , then marriage and then baby . This novel does not fall into the normal scope.Beautiful and eccentric rancher , Annie Hollister decided to leave the high paced life of advertising and return to the ranch her grandparents left her to enjoy a life she loves , fresh air , trees , grass , animals , etc. . After returning to the ranch Annie 's biological clock is ticking loud and clear but she sees no man she 'd want to have a child with so decides to go to a fertility facility and have a child on her own . Annie has a beautiful baby girl , Madeline , by means of artificial insemination believing that the donor signed an agreement stating that he would not be a presence in her or her child 's lives . Things do n't always work out like we want.Handsome and determined attorney Jake Chastaine discovers he has fathered child -LRB- in fact Annie 's child -RRB- because of an unscrupulous doctor who uses Jake ' sperm which Jake and his wife had hoped to use one day but sadly that day never comes as his wife is killed before the deed can be performed.Once Jake finds Annie Hollister and has gotten a look at Madeline who happens to be the spitting image of himself he decides he wants to be a part of this child 's life is every sense of word and will do anything to attain that goal even if it means a court battle.Annie 's afraid of losing Madeline and initially wants to leave town as she wants no part of Jake but she gets sick and guess who ends up taking care of Madeline , right , Jake and that 's when things slowly begin to change to the normal scope . Jake has a tough time dealing with a very active 14-month-old baby who gets into everything a toddler can get into but Jake eventually gets the hang of things . When Annie is released from the hospital she realizes that it might not be so bad having Jake in Madeline 's life . The story continues in the normal scope
 Thank You Robin Wells . You made me laugh , you made me cry and you made me wish Jake were mine ! I really enjoyed this book . -LRB- Can you tell ? -RRB- I loved the ` heart ' that managed to shine through each and every character , especially the eccentic and wonderful Annie . Here 's a love story that grows from the most bizarre set of extenuating circumstances . Two people who were the unwitting victims of a somewhat crazed fertility doctor who decided to ` play God ' . The result ? A beautiful baby girl . The characters were vivid and colorful , oh , and by the way , thanks also to Ms. Wells for a dynamite supporting cast ! I loved Susanna and Tom , and was not only rooting for their reconcilliation , but cheering along during Kelly 's swimming pool bikini escapade ! If your looking for a thoroughly enjoyable read , look no further . This is it !
 Jake 's wife , Racheal , has died in a car accident . Before her death , the two of them had been going to a fertilty clinic . When he finds out that his `` deposit '' has been used , a baby born to someone , he must find them , both ... Jake goes to the home of Annie , a rancher , a tea-leaf reader , a mother , but not a wife ... At first there is antagonism between Jake and Annie . Eventually , there will be a friendship , a romance . These two characters are opposites -- Jake , a `` stuffed-shirt '' type , and Annie , a `` kook '' . Somehow , though , you see them working together for Madeline 's sake , -LRB- Baby -RRB- , and maybe , each other , too.The cover of this book made me think comedy . Yes , there are funny moments ; but , the subject is a serious one . Also , there 's a sweet secondary romance , that held my interest.One of the things I liked about this book is the origin of the title . When you read about it , you will understand what I mean . Something I did n't like was a bit of the comedy directed at the villianess . Maybe a bit too `` slapstick '' for me . However , this book really was a pleasure to read .
 I 'm always on the lookout for a new romance author with a talent for comedy , and I 'm adding Robin Wells to my list of favorites . I was casting this in my mind , which is always a good sign . I found the hero , Jake ; a widower who discovers that his sperm sample intended for in vitro fertilization with his late wife was put in the sperm bank and ultimately used to impregnate a stranger ; to be highly sympathetic . The heroine , Annie - the unwitting sperm donation recipient - was great fun to root for . And their baby , Madeline , was realistically portrayed and the center of most of the hilarious scenes in the book . One in particular stands out in my mind that might give Crusie or Evanovich a run for their money . I 'm going to get the author 's previous work , ` Prince Charming ' , and I 'm looking forward to seeing what she comes up with next .
 Well-developed leads , adorable baby , quirky characters and a sweet secondary romance ... what more could one ask for in a good contemporary romance . I read this book in one sitting , it 's that good . After a previous marriage that lasted less than a year , Annie went through a series of life changing decisions , partly with the help of her grandfather who speaks to her through billboard ads . Jake , on the other hand , is stuck in a rut after his wife died two years ago . When he began receiving letters from a fertility clinic thanking him for his `` contribution '' and offering to pay him for more `` contributions , '' he began to investigate . He found out that his sperm sample , which was actually meant for his wife before she died , had been `` deposited '' elsewhere , because of an unscrupulous doctor . And so the journey begins , to find a child he never knew he had ... and along the way he discovers the child 's mother who reads tea leaves , sells paca poop -LRB- paca poop comes from alpacas which are like llamas -RRB- and paints her toe nails in rainbow order.Baby , Oh , Baby is a lovely tale of finding new love and rediscovering passion . I 'd recommend this book to anyone who loves a good contemporary romance - because that 's what it is . A very good book . Robin Wells is one to watch .
 Another reviewer said it and I could n't agree more . This book is so well written that there are n't any secondary characters . Every character enriched the whole . These are ` Real People ' folks . I could n't put this book down and read it in one sitting -LRB- okay I feel asleep in bed , but that was not by choice -RRB- . Stop reading the reviews and read the book . It is excellent!Thank you Ms. Wells . I was getting discouraged reading ` new ' authors . You have restored my faith . Imagine , I have had this book for weeks and just happened to find it under previously read titles . I am ordering ` Prince Charming ' today .
 I picked this book up after reading a couple suspense stories in a row and needing something a little more lighthearted . What a pleasant surprise ! This book had laughs but was so much more . I loved the relationships between the characters . For a change there was actually a hero and herione who did not make me shake my head in disgust . They acted like real people . The secondary characters , Tom and Susannah were well thought out and very realistic . And you just got ta love Pearl ! There were several belly laughs as well , particularly the hospital waiting room scene . I laughed so hard my husband starting looking at me strangely . I am looking forward to the next books by this author and I will be searching my book stores for her previous book `` Prince Charming '' . All in all this is worth your time .
 Attorney Jake Chastain and his wife had gone to a fertility center a few years back in hopes of having a baby . But his wife and parents died in a car wreck . Two years had passed when Jake found out that the doctor had used Jake 's sperm to impregnate another woman!Annie Hollister had not found Mr. Right yet , but wanted a baby . She went to the same doctor that Jake had . Consequently , Madeline was fourteen months old when Jake stormed into their lives demanding custody!This book has another couple with problems as well ! Jake 's business partner , Tom , was also his father-in-law . Tom and his wife had been having trouble dealing with the death of their daughter . They loved Jake as if he were their own son . The last thing they needed was a woman trying to steal Tom and break up the marriage . And Tom was having trouble accepting a new woman in Jake 's life , as well as , having a baby that should have been his daughter 's ! Tom certainly could not understand why his own wife welcomed Jake 's new found daughter with open arms and that fact hurt his marriage even more ! ***** This was like two stories in one . The main topic is Jake , Annie , and Madeline , but the co-characters were just as interesting ! Yeah , Readers , this book is one in a million ! Do n't miss out ! *****
 Jake Chastain arrives at a fertility clinic to find out why they keep calling him a donor , when he and his deceased wife Rachel were patients but never got a chance for insemination , as Rachel died in a car accident two years earlier along with his parents . Soon he discovers that the previous clinic owner used his sample for another woman 's insemination , and that he might just have a child out there.Annie Hollister would love to have waited for a happy marriage to have a baby , but her biological clock was ticking big time and she was ready for single mom-hood . When the tall , dark and handsome stranger confronts her about her child 's parentage , she is a bit freaked out and knows he is the father just by looking at him.Jake 's father in law Tom is less than thrilled with this child - he feels it is a slap in Rachel 's face , particularly since Jake wants to be a part of Madeline 's life . His mother in law Susanna however has found a reprieve from her grief and welcomes Annie and Madeline with open arms , while struggling to keep her withering marriage together as a preening barracuda in a thong has designs on Tom . When Tom crosses over the line with Annie , Jake finds her ready to flee with suitcases in hand - and immediately proposes - stating that they need to make Madeline legitimate . A marriage in name only is fine , but soon the two are crossing the thresholds into each other 's rooms , passing into the grey area.While overall this is a humorous read , there are plenty of bittersweet moments that 'll bring tears to your eyes as Jake grapples with his need to retain Rachel in his heart , while also making room for Annie and Madeline . Susanna 's handling of the harpy is hysterical and welcome comic relief .
 Attorney Jake Chastain and his wife had gone to a fertility center a few years back in hopes of having a baby . But his wife and parents died in a car wreck . Two years had passed when Jake found out that the doctor had used Jake 's sperm to impregnate another woman!Annie Hollister had not found Mr. Right yet , but wanted a baby . She went to the same doctor that Jake had . Consequently , Madeline was fourteen months old when Jake stormed into their lives demanding custody!This book has another couple with problems as well ! Jake 's business partner , Tom , was also his father-in-law . Tom and his wife had been having trouble dealing with the death of their daughter . They loved Jake as if he were their own son . The last thing they needed was a woman trying to steal Tom and break up the marriage . And Tom was having trouble accepting a new woman in Jake 's life , as well as , having a baby that should have been his daughter 's ! Tom certainly could not understand why his own wife welcomed Jake 's new found daughter with open arms and that fact hurt his marriage even more ! ***** This was like two stories in one . The main topic is Jake , Annie , and Madeline , but the co-characters were just as interesting ! Yeah , Readers , this book is one in a million ! Do n't miss out ! *****
 I had my doubts that I would even like `` Baby Oh Baby '' due the fact that I saw it advertise in the back of another book that I did n't like , but I took a chance and bought and I am glad that I did . `` Baby Oh Baby '' is a great story about losing love and finding it again . The one thing that I really liked was the fact that the secondary characters also had a storyline to , that help to contribute to the main story . Ca n't wait to read more by Robin Wells
 I am not much for reading a romance book if a baby is involved , but I had heard good things about this book . I was not disappointed . Baby , Oh Baby was well written and the scenes paced enough between the hero and heroine and the secondary characters , along with the baby , to keep my attention . It did start out slow , but like any good story it grabbed me enough to want to finish it.I wo n't go into extensive details about the book , as others have written reviews describing it . But if you enjoy a book that has a touch of comedy but with well written characters with a touch of sensual romance , you will enjoy this one . Do n't be put off by the fact that there is a baby in this book . The baby is cute and funny but not overbearing . The author had a surprising ending -LRB- for me -RRB- as I was not expecting what happened . Read this and see what I mean .
 I have always loved this author . She always makes me laugh . I ca n't wait for her next book .
 OK , listen up people ! My daughter Lauren bought me this book for mothers day because of its cartoonish cover . But we all know the saying `` Do n't judge a book by its cover ! '' My daughter read it before me -LRB- let me mention shes ten and very mature -RRB- and liked it but when I read it we both agreed that it sort of overdid the sexual content , but is a good book none the less . It was funny , sad , outragious , and over all a sweet and amusing book . Mostly for adults but mature pre-teens can read it too ! Wonderfulfor adults and kids who understand love and the situations in this book . And might I add that Lauren could not put it down for five seconds even if she tried ! Same thing with me!Go buy it unless your BORING ...
 I was laughing so hard when I was reading this that I kept waking him up . I then tried not laughing and my body was shaking so much that that woke him up.This is a wonderfully funny book and I hope to read more books by Robin Wells .
 BABY , OH BABY ! kept me up into the wee hours of the morning . After I finished , I turned around to reread it.From the moment that Jake walks into Annie 's home I was laughing.If cartoon covers put you off , just cover it up and dig into the book ... BABY , OH BABY is this years best contemporary romance for me .
 `` Dreams were nothing but diving boards for disappointment . The higher you climbed , the deeper you plunged . '' This sentiment could describe my reading experiences this year , until Baby , Oh Baby . In fact , it gets my early , albeit imaginary , vote for Best Contemporary for 2001 . The characters were deeply realistic , yet likeble . Jake 's return to the fertility clinic -LRB- `` The clinic was sterile . Just like the patients who came here . '' -RRB- made me choke up . Annie 's attention to `` signs '' and intuition was touching , not silly . Her steadfast resolve not to be second place was admirable
 I absolutely adored this book ! It was funny , romantic , had drama and a moving plotline - it had it all ! The characters were so well developed and I just loved it ! Madeline and Jake were adorable together ! Ink ink ! If you have n't read this book get it , its so worth it !
 Based on a very modern premise -LRB- crooked fertility doctor uses sperm Jake and his now-dead wife had left at the clinic , to impregnate Annie , who comes looking for an anonymous donor for insemination -RRB- , this book also uses the old `` marriage of convenience '' angle . Jake and Annie are as different as two people can be . Their conflict is huge
 Not sure how I stumbled onto this book - must have seen it on someone 's Listmania list . Anyway , the reviews were positive and the story sounded intriguing and unusual . A man who lost his wife in a car accident discovers two years after her death that the fertility clinic they were using to have a baby had allowed his sperm to be used as a `` donor '' for another woman!Attorney Jake Chastaine has not been handling his wife 's death well . He 's become short-tempered , sarcastic and surly but that just masks the loneliness and sense of loss he feels . Imagine his outrage , not to mention his feeling of being cheated , when he discovers that his sperm was used to impregnate a woman he 's never met - resulting in a little girl he never knew existed ! Well that 's going to change - and soon!Annie Hollister is a single mom -LRB- by choice -RRB- living a quiet life on her alpaca ranch and reading tea leaves for friends . When a gorgeous man shows up on her doorstep she assumes he 's the nephew of friend here for a reading . Boy is she ever wrong . When he tells her that he is the father of baby Madeline , she is shocked to the core and the very real fear of losing her daughter or even having to share her with this stranger looms large and threatening . Their encounter shakes them both , with Jake throwing around threats of legal action and Annie simply panicking and contemplating fleeing the state.Once emotions , distrust and antagonisms lessen , they decide to try to compromise for the baby 's sake , and in order to give Madeline an easier start in life -LRB- without having to explain her complicated conception all her life -RRB- they agree to marry for six months and then divorce . This way Madeline will have a more normal family background . But when feelings develop , what then ? Annie feels she ca n't compete with the seeming perfection of his first wife 's memory . While Jake is surprised to find himself attracted to Annie who is so different from practical , logical Rachel - and from himself . This could never work in the long-term - could it?This is the sweet story of quirky , free-spirited Annie and logical , buttoned-down Jake and how surprisingly right they just might be for one another . There 's also the poignant secondary story of how Jake 's in-laws , Tom and Susanna cope with their marital difficulties stemming from their still raw grief over the loss of their daughter , compounded by the news about baby Madeline and their very different reactions to that news.The author 's sense of humor is a bit on the cornball , goofy , hokey side for my taste and at times seems forced -LRB- the billboards , the twinkies , his initial , stereotypical incompetence in caring for the baby -RRB- and kinda got on my nerves . But I found the story so interesting , and felt invested in the two relationships here - Jake & Annie and Tom & Susanna - that I did n't mind too much . A recommended read .
 Robin does a superb job of bringing an unusual twist to an everyday setting . My mother and I rarely agree on books but this one had us both laughing . I was especially fond of the twinkies , and how the baby mysteriously kept gaining weight . And of course , this review would n't be complete if I did n't note my appreciation for the ` pick a peck of poop ' sign.Two Thumbs Up !
 ... or fall or winter ! A great story , plenty of heart , not too much angst , wonderful dialogue , humor , sexy scenes - Hey ! This one has it all . Worth full price and a genuine keeper . Will definitely read more by this author . If you like Susan Andersen or Rachael Gibson , this book is for you .
 This was a cute story , although not too original . Easy read . I would read this author again.Classic feel good love story .
 Two years ago , Jake Chastaine had it all . A brilliant law career , wealth , and a beautiful wife . Then it all came crashing down when his parents and wife were killed in a car crash . Just as he 's starting to move on , he discovers the fertility clinic he and his wife attended used his sample to get another woman pregnant . Anne Hollister enjoys her peaceful life on an Oklahoma ranch with her daughter . Until a stranger shows up claiming to be Madeline 's father and wanting to be a part of her life . Can these two work things out for the better of a little girl ? And can both move on from their past to love again?This was first published in 2001 . Wells got her rights back and republished this story with a few modern corrections and additions . If , like me , you enjoy Wells , this is a must read , even if you read the previous addition.Wells writes with humor and wit , and with such an underlying sadness and reality you just get sucked right in . These two characters were smart and relatable . There was no misunderstanding and they resolved issues like adults . There was n't a second that went by where I did n't root for them . These two deserved a happy ending . The daughter was adorable , and the secondary characters , Tom and Susannah , added to the story . The setting was detailed and researched . Most notable was this was a very dialog-driven plot that never lagged . Not to be missed .
 This is one of Robins best . Starting with a screw-up and ending with a happy ever after , this book was a joy to read .
 I am very careful about giving reviews . I wo n't do it unless I really love a book or hate it . In this case I love it . This is a story of a man in deep mourning for his wife and parents killed together in a car wreck . He and his wife were using a fertility clinic but after her death he forgot he had left a specimen behind . He was notified that his sperm had gotten someone else pregnant . He was outraged because this was a dream of his and his wife . When he meets the mother of the baby he thinks she is a fruitcake . Gradually her warm , loving personality begins its magic on him but he fights it because he is still so much in love with his wife . The book was such a nice surprise because it could have been another in a long line of `` poor man he ca n't love again '' books . Instead you understand why he has difficulty letting go and yet falling in love with his child and in lust with the mother . He fights his attraction to her for a long time . How they resolve this makes wonderful reading . There is another story along with this at how someone in the depths of despair can be vulnerable to a seductive predator and although there was some real sadness to overcome there is also a wonderful `` gotcha '' . I hope this review will get you to buy this book and read a really good love story .
 This is one of those rare romance books that just suck you in from the very beginning . There are actually two romances in one in this book . I actually found the secondary romance as good as the main one and that is not easy to find in a book . Usually you find yourself skipping over the second relationship because the first one is so much better.Actually , I think this book would adapt well as a movie . There were enough humorous parts to rival any of today 's romantic comedies.If you have n't read this one , you 're missing out . I 'd give it 10 stars instead of the 5 allowed .
 This book was hard to put down once I started it ! It was heartwarming ! Great Read !
 I find that GREAT contemporary romance novels are very hard to find . Robin Wells consistently delivers outstanding books and then some!I loved her book Prince Charming , but this one is even better ! The cheesy cover does a complete disservice to this book . This story is actually very emotional and multi-layered with deep characters and a completely unique plot.I appreciate this author 's humor . Her books contain many `` laugh out loud '' moments , which I find very rare . Delivering funny dialogue is a talent and Robin Wells has the gift . The refreshing thing about this book is that it has the perfect blend of humor , emotion , tension , and `` feel good '' moments . It also contains a secondary love story that adds to the story and does n't overshadow it.This is a `` making of a family '' story . The kind of story that I like best . It had me glued to the pages and I devoured this book as fast as my eyes could read the words . This was pure reading entertainment and I 'm so glad I 've found this author who has yet to let me down .
 I enjoyed this book . It was n't a typical romance as it mostly dealt with Jake getting over the death of his first wife . It was also about his inlaws , Tom and Susana dealing with the death of their daughter.I liked Annie , I thought she was cute and smart , but I also felt the author tried too hard to make her a free spirit and at times she came off as a flake . Like her grandfather talking to her through billboards . That was a little much for me.Jake was a little too rigid and obsessed with having everything in order . He did n't seem to grow in this area as so much just decide , OK , things do n't need to be orderly once he came to terms with Rachel 's passing.I liked Susana , she was one of my favorite characters and I 'm glad that she and Tom were given a story.Overall , I thought this was a good book , it was well written , moved quickly and was enjoyable . However , I felt too much time was spent on dealing with everyone 's reaction to Rachel 's death and how they had n't come to terms with it over the past year . At times , it felt more like a book on coping than a romance .
 This book proves that Robin Wells is getting better and better . Like other novels by the author that I have read , the hero and heroine are yet again all full of heart and energy . I also really enjoy Wells ' secondary characters , who are always colorful , to say the least.Like her other novels , Wells ' places her characters in extraordinary situations -- situations which might have seemed too far-fetched to believe . But as other reviewers have mentioned , her hero and heroine are intelligent and believable , and work through their problems with a perfect blend of humor , pragmatism , and -- of course -- romance . It 's always a little refreshing when an author of a romance novel can convincingly make her characters both passionate and sensible.My only complaint with the novel is Jake 's father-in-law . While he certainly has had some heavy issues to deal with , I still found a lot of his actions inexcusable . I think Wells put herself into a tough spot , because she had a lot of redeerming to do in the end for the reader to feel sympathetic to this man . Personally , I was n't convinced he deserved to be redeemed , but those of you more forgiving might not have as big of a problem with this.I 've noticed that the author 's writing style has improved also . She likes the metaphor a lot , but it 's been toned down since her earlier novels . Also , if you enjoyed this book , I highly recommend `` Babe Magnet '' and also `` Nine-to-Five Bride '' -LRB- A Harlequin that may be hard to spot , but definitely worth the effort -- my best flea market find ! -RRB- They both take place in the author 's hometown of New Orleans , which she writes about extremely well . In light of recent events , I reread the novels with a bittersweet feeling , remembering the amazing city along with the author .
 I found this book on the recommendation of Amazon readers , and as usual , they were right on target . I really , really enjoyed this book . In fact , I very easily read this book in one sitting.This was a well-written , sometimes funny , sometimes sad , fast-paced contemporary , with very , very real characters . Since my preference is for excellent writing and realistic characters , this book really hit the spot for me.Although I do agree with some previous reviewers that parts of this book were a bit unrealistic , I think that the excellent writing made up for it . -LRB- In other words , you can write anything you want as long as you can convince me that it might have happened , and Robin Wells does such a good job that I almost believed it - well - almost . -RRB- For instance , Annie is five foot five , 115 pounds , and well endowed ? Is that physically possible ? Also , in the first few pages of this book , Ms. Wells describes a poor house as having a `` smell of cabbage '' . I remember reading somewhere that in `` old '' England , all the poor houses smelled of cabbage because cabbage was the cheapest food , I do n't quite think that would translate well into twentieth century United States ... . Also , the mix-up in the baby clinic is a very common plot -LRB- I have read at least three other books with this plot -RRB- , hopefully this is not so common in real life as it is in fiction !!! But I have to admit that Robin Wells did do it the best.What a mix-up ! Jake has lost his dearly beloved and very much mourned wife Rachel two years ago , she was on the way to the fertility clinic for a procedure when the accident happened that took her life , and the life of both of her parents . So not only did Jake lose his wife and in-laws in one sweep , he lost the hope of children as well . Jake did not take this loss well.At the start of this story , Jake is on his way to the fertility clinic because he has gotten a notice reminding him to come by to be a donor `` again '' , Jake has a very uneasy feeling about the `` again '' and is determined to find out what exactly is going on ... What is going on is that he has a baby , and is the mother.Annie Hollister is living on the ranch she inherited from her grandfather , with her fourteen month old baby . Although she is good with fortunes in the tea leaves , it 's a pity she ca n't read her own , and does n't know that her life is about to change in a most fundamental way ... I have to admit that the reason I gave this book five stars is absolutely because this book fits my personal preferences list so completely . I like a story with more than one plotline , I like a story with a tortured hero , I like a story where the h/h are so obviously really not meant for each at the beginning of the book , I like a story where the hero is a decent guy who tries to do the right thing , but is also a real person , I like a story where the heroine is a strong person on her own , and I especially like a well-written , realistic story . This book checks positive to my entire personal check list , and I loved it.If any of the above are your criteria as well , then you are sure to love this book .
 When I saw the cover of this book -LRB- which did n't do the contents justice -RRB- , I expected a frivolous , silly book . I was pleasantly surprised to find a well-written romance about complex characters , with sub-characters who were just as interesting and integral to the plot as the main characters . In some ways , I liked Tom and Susanna 's story better than Jane and Annie 's . It was so nice to see that , even after 30-plus years of marriage , a husband can find his wife sexy , and can find the strength to resist the temptation to stray . When Jake and Annie 's first meeting ended so badly , I was so afraid the would engage in a vicious custody fight that would make any later reconciliation implausible . What was so nice is that Jake and Annie 's friends helped them stay level-headed about their predicament , and concentrate on what was best for Madeline . Very well done , and I highly recommend this book .
 Even though this book kept appearing on my recommendation list , I kept putting it off . I wa n't sure I would like a story with a baby as a main character . I was wrong . This was a wonderful read ! I could n't wait to finish and see how it all turned out . You wo n't be disappointed with this one !
 Very basic , but quite useful for the mechanical engineers . It would be helpful , if you want to learn ` matlab ' as a mechanical engineer .
 First , there was no Greek nation in ancient times but Greek city-states ... Athens Sparta Thebes Corinth and yes Macedonia ... Ive read previous reviews where the authors claim that the the Greeks revolted under Macedoanian rule which is true ... Greek city states greatly valued their independence even from other Greek city states . . Such is the case between Athens and Sparta when they tried to dominate each other leading to the Peloponnesian War . . It is natural that they would revolt . . Claiming that because the other Greek city-states revolted against Macedonia as proof of Macedonians being a non-Greek people is false !! Id like to ask or suggest some food for though to my FYROM readers -LRB- Former YugoSLAV Republic Of Macedonia -RRB- or disbelievers that the MAcedonians were Greek these FACTS :1 -RRB- Why is there no evidence of a non-Greek Macedonian language?the ancient Macedonians spoke Greek and had Greek names . .2 -RRB- Where is this non-Greek Macedonian culture hiding?All ancient Macedonian artifacts are GreekAre we suppose to believe the that the ancient Macedoanians were not Greek and then one day out of the blue they said the hell with it let 's be Greek ? Lets speak Greek , worship Greek gods , write in Greek , structure our conquered territory based on Greek ideas and culture , setting up gymnasiums , theater , agoras . . etc. . common on people !!! No conquerer has ever conquered a country or territory and then poof in an instant forgot his roots . . I once heard someone use Rome as an example regarding its conquering of the ancient Greek city states and adopting Greek culture.Id like to point out that Rome never adopted Greek as its official language . Romans never adopted Greek names -LRB- cicero ceasar aurelias are not greek -RRB- and most of all you can clearly see a distinction between Roman literature and Greek . .3 -RRB- Why did Alexander idolize Greek heroes such as Achilles , why did he keep a copy of the Illiad around as if it were his bible written by another Greek Homer . . How is Aristotle his tutor Greek and Alexander isnt when they are both Macedonians ? 4 -RRB- Why would the ancient Greeks place the home of their gods -LRB- Zeus Athena Poseidon etc -RRB- on MT OLYMPUS which is located in ancient Macedonia ?? Does it make sense for a people to place their holy sites in a foreign land ??? Doesnt anyone think logically anymore?Todays inhabitants of FYROM are a mix of Bulgarians , Albanians , Gypsies.Slavic people arrived in the Balkans in the 6th and 7th century AD ... It is LOGICALLY incorrect for these citizens to believe they are Macedonians ... They are Slavs and there is ZERO evidence of the ancient Macedonians being Slavic !!!! Todays FYROM scholars have NO TANGIBLE EVIDENCE to claim that the ancient Macedonians were not Greek just revisionistic lies !!!! Furthermore , FYROM 's former president Kiro Gligorov in the Toronto Star on March 15 , 1992 said
 My son and I both love the CD and the variations between Japanese songs , bilingual songs that we knew prior , and conversations in Japanese . The book is a bit difficult to read because of the small print of the Japanese kanas , Romanji , and the English Translations in the back . This would be easily remedied with slightly larger print . It is still a great purchase .
 We got this for our son who is 7 , because he is an unschooler , and very motivated to learn Japanese . He and his younger brother -LRB- age 4 -RRB- both love it . He plays it on repeat , brings it in the car , reads along , and checks the translations in the back . He has now memorized some songs and is getting the pronunciation down . Now they are asking for the Spanish version !
 if you want to learn japanies this is great i thought myself and my kids japanies and now we just booked a trip to japan for this summer hopeing to learn more hope that you all have as much sucess as i did .
 The Penguin Classic edition of He Knew He Was Right has a wonderful introduction . Frank Kermode provides a fascinating explanation of how the constraints of Victorian society limited the ways in which Trollope could write about `` sexual jealousy , '' and how a relatively mild -LRB- by today 's standards -RRB- incident -LRB- here , calling a woman by her `` Christian '' -LRB- first -RRB- name -RRB- could be the basis for suspicion of `` infidelity . '' Kermode also provides an illuminating discussion comparing hero Louis Treveylan 's obsession and jealousy with that of Othello . Finally , Kermode relates the novel to others of the period , both those by Trollope and those of his contemporaries.While the focus of the novel is the main character 's mental deterioration resulting from his unreasonable jealousy and increasing isolation , both from society and reality , Trollope also provides a cast of interesting women faced with possible marriage partners . At a time when a woman 's only `` career '' opportunity was to make a successful marriage , the women in He Knew He Was Right each react differently to the male `` opportunities '' that come their way . Kermode notes that Trollope was not a supporter of the rights of women , yet he manages to describe the unreasonable limitations on , and expectations of , women in a sympathetic light.The `` main story , '' of Trevelyan and his wife , is actually one of the least compelling of the man-woman pairings in the novel . What I mean is that while their story IS compelling , the others are substantially more so . This is a wonderful book . And , personally I 'd like to note that I laughed out loud while reading it . This was on a cross-country airplane flight , and I got some strange looks for laughing at what appeared to be a thick `` serious '' novel .
 In his autobiography , Trollope zips past this story . I could n't put it down , and read the last 40 moving and exhausting pages aloud to my wife . The Pallisers can get a bit wearying at times , though I love them all . But there is nothing tiresome in here ; this book roars with its two intersecting plots and the relatively unique idea of making a sympathetic character , one whom you truly care for and about , a complete , irredeemable fool.Several strong secondary characters , all just a little more complex than they seem , combine with a knock-out plot and vivid main characters , to make this my favorite Trollope novel . The man who will not accept the good around him but prefers to see the bad ... ? How 's that for an eternal theme ?
 This is the most dazzling of the ten Trollope novels I 've read . The way the story unfolds is a marvel
 When most people think of Anthony Trollope they usually think of Glencora and Plantangenant Palliser but Trollope had other stories and this is one of the best . He Knew He Was Right is partially Othello set in Victorian London . Louis is insanely jealous and drives his wife to misery . The lady is innocent but thanks to gossip and a Iago figure Louis ca n't see reason . That 's the main story but since this is Trollope there a host of deligtful side characters all bursting with life and stories of their own . I loved this book .
 In the eyes of Louis Trevelyan , the attention that his wife gives to Colonel Osborne , a friend of her father 's , looks like infidelity . The more Louis Trevelyan voices his suspicions and demands obedience , the more his wife stubbornly protests and resents her husband 's lack of trust . This is the central conflict on which Trollope builds this novel , the situation that offers so much tension , and the disagreement that takes nearly 1000 pages to resolve.Similarities to Shakespeare 's `` Othello '' are evident , and acknowledged by Trollope himself . Trollope does not attempt to include an Iago , however ; instead he provides a noxious private investigator named Bozzle who is paid by Trevelyan to observe and report instances of the wife 's supposed infidelity.Not every page in the book details what Trollope calls Trevelyan 's `` absurd obsession '' . Louis and Emily Trevelyan 's marriage is contrasted to many that are in the offing or being proposed or being avoided throughout the narrative . As other reviewers have mentioned , it is a welcome shift in the narrative when the scene changes to Exeter where lives Miss Stanbury , an imperious elderly lady and a hapless young curate whose search for a wife inflames deadly rivalry between two sisters.Unfolding it all is Anthony Trollope , as genial and companionable an author as any from the nineteenth century . Giving every character what we call in Australia a `` fair go '' , he even works the miracle of making a very minor character one of the most memorable . Priscilla Stanbury , ageing , impoverished and with no prospect of marriage , speaks of her sister 's betrothal . `` To enjoy life as you do is , I suppose , out of the question for me . But I have a satisfaction when I get to the end of the quarter and find that there is not half-a-crown due to any one . Things get dearer and dearer but I have a comfort even in that . I have a feeling that I should like to bring myself to the straw a day . '' This prospect alludes to the farmer of the fable who reduced the fodder he gave his horse until at last it was surviving on a single straw a day . Then it died.Trollope 's novels are wonderfully apt for reading aloud and for dramatizing . A successful TV adaptation of `` He Knew He Was Right '' , directed by Tom Vaughan , appeared in 2004 .
 He Knew He was Right was authored by Anthony Trollope -LRB- 1815-1882 -RRB- after he had resigned his high position with the British Post Office . The novel is long but never boring . At the core of the novel is the tragic tale of Louis Trevelyn who wrongly insists his innocent as a dove wife Emily is reputedly carrying on a romantic liason with an old family friend Colonel Osborne.Along with the domestic tragedy of Trevelyns there is areseveral other stories of romance.a . The triangle between Emily 's sister Nora and her suitorsMessrs Glascock and Hugh Stanbury.b . The choice Dorothy Stanbury must make between the oily clergyman Mr. Gibson and Mr. Brooke Burgess.c . An affair between Mr. Glascock and the American filly Caroline Spaulding touring Europe-fascinating comments on Anglo-American perceptions of each other 's native lands!d . The hilarious tale of the oafish Rev. Gibson and the twosisters from `` hell '' Arabella and Camilla French . This guy is torn between two lovers who almost tear him apart in their jealous quest for his timorous soul!Perhaps the most memorable character is old aunt Stanbury who fascinates the reader with her ideas and matchmaking schemes in the West country town of Exeter.Trollope 's novel was recently seen on a marvelous BBC production ! I was delighted when my AmaZon delivery arrived per request with a DVD of the series in addition to the novel!As an old English major I regret to say I never heard Trollope discussed ! Why not ? In my opinion he is in the top tier of Victorian novelists along with the inimitable Charles Dickens ; the intellectual genius George Eliot ; the Bronte sisters andThackery and Hardy.If you are only familiar with Trollope 's Barsetshire andParliamentary novel series then add this winner to your readinglist . This novel is Trollope at the top of his game !
 For many people , Trollope is a writer to stay away from . They assume he wrote terribly twee novels about vicars and tea cosies -LRB- which is half true -RRB- . But anyone who has read `` He Knew Was Right '' will know just how progressive and real Trollope is . This incredibly insightful study of a marriage reveals a great deal not only about Victorian society but about the eternal struggles between men and women . It 's a mystery to me why this book is not better known .
 Trollope is the ideal Victorian , celebrating the conventional , but with a thoroughly worldly appreciation of the darker side of human psychology that 's best kept bottled up . In this novel , he promotes over and over -- with not just one but three admirable ingenues who live happily ever after -- the virtues of romantic marriage , while putting his fourth heroine in a catastrophic union where stubborn self-assertion leads to separation , irrational jealousy , parental kidnaping and tragic dissolution . All unfolds with Trollope 's characteristic insightful , gentle and funny writing style . The novel 's 822 pages turn as easily as an entertainment , but with enough moral gravitas and incisive description of the world of the 1860 's to keep the reader thinking and pondering amidst the pleasure of reading this wonderful novel .
 The main theme of this excellent novel is how the unreasonable jealousy a husband harbors towards his wife causes him to slide into madness . Louis Trevelyan falls in love with and marries Emily Rowley . An old friend of Emily 's father , a Colonel Osborne , continues to pay visits to her after Trevelyan has complained and asked her to put a stop to it , which she refuses to do ; what irks Trevelyan most is Osborne 's insistence on calling his wife by her Christian name . When Emily ca n't stand her husband 's jealous behavior anymore , she takes their small son and leaves him . Trevelyan is convinced his behavior was just and decides to kidnap their son to get him away from Emily . -LRB- This scene is the most exciting and dramatic scene in the book . -RRB- He goes to Italy with his son , where he goes totally mad . Emily follows , however , and gets him to return to England where he dies.There are many subplots -LRB- some critics believed there were too many of them -RRB- , most of them having to do with various couples on the verge of marrying . Trollope was frequently a champion of his female characters , and that is certainly the case here , especially with regard to Emily . She is somewhat prideful , but that is her only fault . Other woman characters usually have very wise -LRB- and unflattering -RRB- things to say about men in general.Trollope wrote most of this book while visiting America for the second time , a visit he found much less appealing than his first ; many of the American characters such as Jonas Spalding reflect some of Trollope 's own displeasures . It 's true that Trollope did n't care much for this novel , an opinion few would share with him -LRB- he was his own harshest critic -RRB- . It is actually one of his very best books . His dissection of Trevelyan is brilliant and there 's an excitement from the kidnapping of Louis to the end that is greater than in most of his other works . It 's an excellent novel .
 This is not one of Trollope 's best novels , but it is one of his longest , at 99 chapters and over 800 pages . The subject is marriage and how to spoil it by jealousy and stubbornness and how to use self-fulfilling prophecies destructively.The marriage war is fought in times before level playing fields were introduced . Main heroine Emily Trevelyan is at a serious disadvantage in legal terms . Her husband can legally order her to obey him . Law is of course backed up by scripture . Divorce has only recently been made a legal option . -LRB- The book was written in 1867/68 . -RRB- Rules for courtship among the upper strata of society are very detailed and strict , but not properly codified . Despite the lack of formal definitions , people generally know what is wrong or right , and only very rich or otherwise independent people have the guts to ignore or bypass the rules.Louis Trevelyan is the man of the novel 's title , the one who knew he was right . Men are good at knowing they were right . I know what I am talking about . I am right most of the time . It is a heavy burden.Apart from the Trevelyans ' conflict , which is at the centre of the plot , we observe several other women 's situations . There is Emily 's sister Nora , who is somewhat in love with her impecuniary hero Hugh , while a rich man courts her . Her rejection of the rich man has similarities to James ' Isabel Archer in Portrait of a Lady.There is Hugh 's rich aunt Jemima ; she was jilted in youth by a banker , but then made rich by her jilter in his testament . Now , as a rich old maid , she is the terror of the family and the meanest Tory caricature that I have met in Trollope so far . Her mission in life is interference . She wants to link up Hugh 's meek sister Dorothy with her favorite clergyman.While the side shows develop in their various ways , the main show goes deeper down the ditch step by step . The main difference to modern times is the concept of ` obedience ' in marriage , which one does n't hear much about nowadays . However it has not vanished entirely , as I know from a few examples . Apart from this aspect of changing times , the mechanisms of matrimonial quarrels as developed here are remarkably fresh .
 A fan once wrote that this was one of her favorite novels and said `` There is nothing wrong with this book , '' which I thought a backhanded compliment . After several months , I ordered the book anyway.I enjoyed it immensely . It is a classic of the first degree . Who would have thought Trollope was ` laugh-out-loud ' like this ? Trollope and George Eliot are to Jane Austen as Dos Passos is to Doctorow
 One of Trollope 's most successful later novels , this is a study of marriage and sexual relationships cast against a background of agitation for women 's rights . Basically a novel of obsessive jealousy and the disintegration of a marriage . Trite , but with the unusual Trollope signature writing , you wo n't even notice .
 Wow ! This is probably not the typical novel that one would chose to read for their first Trollope novel , but I did . This was an amazing book from start-to-finish . I found myself not being able to put it down and at over 800 pages a true page-turner nonetheless . Trollope was able to profoundly display human emotion and what power it can have on someone 's own mental health . It is an amazing , yet tragic example of what the mind can do . It is well worth the read to see how love can truly cause insanity , as the book follows a man throughout his journey into madness . Read it and you wo n't be disappointed . In fact , you will probably want to read more Trollope novels , as I am doing now . What an amazing writer who certainly seems under appreciated . This novel is a paradigm of what excellent Victorian literature is and is one of my personal favorites .
 A far better book than the BBC movie . i enjoyed it immensely even though it is long . Some of the characters are not real particularly some of the young women
 I have read many novels by Anthony Trollope but this is by far the best . I was overwhelmed at first by the length but it read easily and was so absorbing !
 `` He Knew He Was Right '' is my first Anthony Trollope novel and my was it a rich and lively read . The main characters are tragically torn apart from a viscous circle of jealousy from the husband , stubbornness from the wife and kidnapping their son from one another over an imagined affair the wife was not having . Considered back then ... a cad of a man that was an old friend of a young wife 's father made repeated visits and sent personal letters to her , that she felt entitled to because this Col. Osborne had known her since she was a baby . All of this was much to her new husband 's dislike . Matters became worse when both husband -LRB- Louis -RRB- and wife -LRB- Emily -RRB- had people meddling into their business ; some out of concern , others with pure venom . Back in 1860 it was improper in polite society for a man to address a woman by her first name unless he was her husband or immediate family member . It was also scandalous for a single man to call on a married woman for a social visit , especially without her husband being present . Imaginations ran in the gutter and many opted to assume adultery could be the only reason because women were so much weaker than men and could be talked into anything.This hint of impropriety between Emily and Col. Osborne from Louis sets off Emily 's temper and stubbornness against him . This only fuels Louis 's suspicions and his sexual jealousy that eventually destroys him with madness . Rich in developed characters , sub plots , engaging dialogs and descriptive narration ; Trollope can hold a candle next to Dickens . Ah , I felt sorry for Louis Trevelyan . He was n't asking his wife Emily for anything unreasonable in the beginning.This is a very well written novel and I 'm excited to read more of Anthony Trollope . `` The Way We Live Now '' and his `` Barsetshire Novels . ''
 The book is by Anthony Trollope , not John Sutherland . Brilliant study of pathological jealousy , with many charms besides .
 Anthony Trollope considered He Knew He Was Right not to be a particular success , in fact he considered that he had failed in that he was unable to make a sympathetic central character , that of the increasingly jealous , crazed Louis Trevelyan . It is less a story about sexual jealousy as it is about a certain sort of Victorian idea that a man was owed complete obedience and submission on the part of his wife . Starting from this presupposition , the anti-hero of the novel builds a case against his wife that has far-reaching and disastrous results.All Trollope novels are in a sense about marriages
 I was happily surprised by this book . Given the snyopses , I expected the usual woman-as-victim-of-cruel-husband trope . Instead , the book presented a complex marriage , with both parties at fault ; in fact , to me , the wife was in the wrong and was abusing her privileges for at least three quarters of the novel.The secondary and tertiary characters were well drawn , entertaining , and captivating . Trollope managed to convey myriad nuances of the male-female dynamic , avoiding stereotypes and common topicalities of many Victorian novels.Enjoyed this one a lot .
 Admittedly , I 've only read THE WAY WE LIVE NOW and HE KNEW HE WAS RIGHT . And although THE WAY WE LIVE NOW might academically speaking , be a tighter , better constructed novel , HE KNEW HE WAS RIGHT is a lot more fun . The beginning -LRB- first 100 , 200 -LRB- ? -RRB- pages -RRB- is slow . The whole book hinges on Louis 's unfounded jealousy and Emily 's unfounded obstinacy . But , once past that , the novel is wonderful . I wanted every character , save Louis , to come to good fortune.In THE WAY WE LIVE NOW most of the characters are pretty despicable -- and intentionally so.Of course in HE KNEW HE WAS RIGHT , you have to be willing to submit to the Victorian novel conceit . But if you enjoy Victorian novels as I do , this is a good one.Again , I have to stress that it 's not MIDDLEMARCH , say . But if you 're not a critic , but enjoy reading , then get it immediately .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
 I stumbled across this book quite by accident -LRB- or divine providence -RRB- and now it is one of my greatest treasures . Chapter One lays the foundation for Paley 's argument for God 's creation serving as the source of life and species . He poses two situations
 This book is a great example of rational thinking . The way Paley states his argument is flawless , and he uses all the resources available by his time . His arguments , of course , are no longer useful to creationists , this book was written way before Darwin and Wallace structure their theory , but at his time this was a must read . Even Darwin and Wallace read the book lots of years later , when they were students , and this book imprint -LRB- at least as I 'm concern -RRB- a great prejudice Darwin had to surpass to establish his theory . It is so well written , and , again , so well founded , that dismiss it was quite a task . Recently Dawkins wrote a book `` The blind Watchmaker '' that was inspired by Paley 's `` Natural Theology '' , and solidly refutes his arguments -LRB- irrefutable in Paley 's time , since no scientific evidence or theory had been powerfully establish as to do so -RRB- . This is a classic book , it is incredibly interesting from a lot of different perspectives , I highly recommend it .
