 Turn s sharpening into a simple process for my bowl gouges in particular . It 's well made and heavy . . Some indexing marks on the slide mechanism would be helpful , and the locking mechanism can cause the slide to shift a bit if you are n't careful . But overall I 'm very pleased.I bought to use with a 10 &#34; slow speed grinder and had to mount the grinder on a riser to put the jig directly under the wheel . But that is n't a problem ; just a heads up for anyone with a 10 &#34; wheel on their grinder
 Arrived on time and in good condition . I have not used it yet but will be getting plenty of use soon . The manufacturer supplied a video on how to use the sharpener for best results .
 In the past I used a home-made jig to sharpen that as bit challenging to setup and use . After reading a lot of reviews and articles I decided to give the vari-grind a try . The Wolverine Grinding Jig is simple to install and use . Setup for each gouge is quick and results in a consistent edge . I highly recommend the Wolverine Grinding Jig and Vari-grind combination .
 I followed the directions for setting up with my grinder and can now easily and quickly sharpen all of my lathe tools . Makes working on the lathe more enjoyable by being able to quickly and easily keep my tools sharp .
 The product is well built , and met my expectations in every respect . A very good jig for sharpening my turning tools .
 I am an absolute beginner to wood turning , and have learned everything I know from the internet . One of the 1st things I learned was that you ca n't turn with dull tools . So , I purchased a grinder and the Wolverine Grinding Jig even before I bought a lathe . I watched the video that came with the jig , assembled it with my grinder , and started sharpening . I do n't really know enough as to what a sharpened gouge is supposed to be , but I followed the procedure and produced a tool that is sharp , and actually worked with my first turning . This is an easy to use product , well made , and does what it is designed to use .
 If you 're considering this then you have probably seen all the youtube videos and read other reviews . It 's not cheap but it does exactly what it is supposed to do . The accompanying DVD was excellent , and the build quality , shipping and packing were fine .
 My tools have never worked so well and it is so quick to just turn from the lathe to the grinder and touch up the edges in a few seconds . I ca n't imagine going back !
 I sharpened my turning tools free-hand and that had been frustrated exercises . I bought this jig and the task was a breeze ; after the setup , it took literally seconds to sharpen the gouge to the desired angles , no fuss!An important note
 I had always needed , -LRB- wanted one more like it -RRB- , an orbital sander since they are so much more efficient than in-line electrical sanders . I had a project to finish the wooden sides on a hot tub , A BIG hot tub which would require much sanding . This sander was just perfect for the job and I 'm so glad I now have it for other projects that WILL come my way . It would also do very well on automotive sanding if you need to use a body filler or sand old paint off . One thing I must caution you about . Make sure the air compressor you will use puts out the recommended constant operating CFM to run this sander . If you do n't and you are sanding for more than 5 minutes constantly , you will have to wait for the compressor to catch up . Not the sander 's fault , it states what it needs for an air supply and it 's up to you to provide that or the sander will run slower and slower until you have to stop and let the compressor catch up .
 When you want the best Pneumatic tool Ingersoll Rand is the brand to trust . This Orbital Sander has power and it quality engineered . It fits perfectly in your palm . What more can you say ? The vacuum design works perfectly . You found the sander you were looking for !
 These are high quality , good grip , sturdy pliers . It is annoying that they 're on a spring that keeps them always open -LRB- makes them hard to store -RRB- , but I knew that from reviews before I bought them and it does n't bother me since we just store them in a box anyway . It 's nice to have needle-nosed pliers with wire cutters , very useful tool .
 Hey , these are a nice quality and do all that I 'd expect them to do ... except close . When not in use , they spring apart with no latch or other restraint . To close them up for storage , I have to put a rubberband around the handles . If this was explained in the product description , I missed it . Maybe I would have ordered them anyway had I known in advance , because they * are * comfortable .
 I needed some needle nose pliers for some work I was doing on my motorcycle and these were well priced . I enjoy that the pliers are easily held and spring open -LRB- read on for caveat -RRB- . They do what they were designed for . Order them and you will not be disappointed.One thing to note -LRB- the caveat -RRB-
 i needed an inexpensive pair of pliers to straighten the stranded wire in ethernet cable , but i was n't going to be able to get to the hardware store for several days , so i decided to get them from amazon -LRB- two days -RRB- . they do have a spring that keeps them open , but i honestly do n't even notice it . well done fuller !
 Just what I expected . Note that these have a spring that keeps the ends apart , did not want that but I can live with it .
 It twisted a 5/16 weld stud right off . It 's kinda big and heavy for a 3/8 drive , but i 'd rather it be a bit big than gutless .
 I have owned this for four years working as a auto mechanic every day and this ratchet just keeps going and going . It has allot of torque once it starts spinning and will try to run away with you once it 's tight ! Overall a great product
 I read a couple of other reviews on this which complained that the screw knob was not as pictured or was missing . Well , mine came with a screw knob -LRB- which locks it into position on the fence -RRB- , but it was screwed in underneath so that it would fit into the box -LRB- pretty clever I thought -RRB- . So either the other folks were truly missing the screw -LRB- just call Amazon or Jessem to get a replacement -RRB- , or else they did n't look closely enough.I really like this product and plan to get another one for double-ended router tricks -LRB- like cutting a slot of a certain length in the middle of a board -RRB- .
 While this is a great product , be sure that you have the Mast-R-Fence and not the Mast-R-Fence II as this stop does not work with the Mast-R-Fence II .
 The Jessem Fence Stops really are the best choice to make if you have the Jessem Master Fence . They are easy to install in the top T slot of the fence and stay perfectly square when secured . In addition , the bottom of the stop remains above the surface of the router table so there is space for wood dust and shavings to pass so your workpiece stays flush against the fence .
 The tool is great . Pricey but very good quality . I own other JessEm tools and while they are very high quality I must state
 All of the product information shows a knob on the top of the stop . It was not shipped with the stop . The design of the Mast R Fence prevents the use of any other stop on the market . Good stop . Poor packaging or marketing .
 This was an extremely easy install . JessEm includes an aluminum insert that mates with one of the two phenolic inserts to make installation a breeze . The installer only provides a 1/2 '' straight bit to maintain alignment to facilitate marking the base . Eight threaded inserts make leveling easy and the phenolic plate is dead flat . Very well made item .
 Installation in the table top was straight forward and the fit is limited only by the accuracy of the template used . Mounting the router is just about as easy as it can get . The instructions that come with the plate tell you all you need to know , however , the old rule of measure twice and cut once applies here also . Take your time , double check your points before drilling the mounting holes and you just ca n't go wrong . The two furnished inserts give all the clearance options the average user will need . Amazon delivery also was right on the money .
 Good for the plate for the money no problems . If I had to do over I would spend a few bucks more and get an aluminum plate .
 I needed a plate for bigger bits up to 3.5 inches . Yet small bits also . This plate fit my Incra table . I 've used it only a few times but so far I like it . I would recomend it . I build costom furniture.Alot of refinishing . Some antique restorations .
 Been using this router table insert for several years and would recommend it . Nice and flat , also easy to use the throat inserts .
 The router plate was the perfect solution to my router table problem with unevennss . This insert had enough adjustment points to get it perfectly flush with the table top . The only issue I had with it was the tool to insert and remove the inserts required that I increase the size of the holes to allow it to grab the inserts . Other than that , great value .
 Been using this pouch for 2 years , very durable , kinda heavy when you load it up but very it 's a very good setup . Overall best pouch I have owned so far .
 These are the only connector seals I use and have been using them for years . They do the job and last a very long time . Forget about those cheap skinny little orange seals . They do n't work . These seals work regardless of a quick connect . They are the best .
 Bought these as backup spares for RV . We use the connectors on water hoses on RV as we travel . No problems . As advertised .
 I have used these door guides on my patio doors for 25 years . However they tend to be hard to find and ` pricey ' . Amazon/LK Tech had the lowest price -LSB- ever -RSB- with quick delivery ! I would highly recommend these companies for any hardware purchases !
 Fabulous invention for emergency use . Easy to use and store . No worry about batteries .
 We are back online looking to purchase another light from Streamlight because everyone loves this light . We like the option to choose between a green light , 2 LED 's and 1 xenon ? light . Works in all different situations . This is NOT a super bright light that someone else was wanting , but I do n't think they make one strong enough for him , lol . Streamlight does make some that have more LED 's and are stronger , but there are times you want the other white light or a green light . The unit stays on our heads , even my 3 yr olds . It has not broke and has been abused by a 3 yr old . Tilts easily . I used it last night to get the animals that were outside , inside into their cages . I have a handheld coleman light , that is suppose to be used for emergancies and everyday , but it was not near as good as this headlamp !! That one is `` Coleman LED MicroPacker Lantern '' with 2 LED 's and a reflector . It is 1/2 the price and I am back online to buy better lightening options , such as the Streamlights !
 Took it out for a intertidal pool low tide exploration - with several others - this light out performed the other lights hands down . Still burning bright after 2 hrs of constant use - others were barely glowing . Green light great for making my way over the rocks avoiding the little critters - once we found something interesting easy to go to the brighter white light or switch to hand held light . Not heavy at all an it stayed in place .
 I use my headlight a lot during deer season . I had one for many years but tore it up by accident ... it really is a well made product ! I had to have another one so I recently ordered a new one.I would recommend this product to all outdoorsmen !
 I 've used this lamp a few times now and so far it 's been a great headlamp . I really like the green light for temporary use when walking in twilight . Having the top strap really helps stabilize the lamp . The light is not the brightest , but is plenty sufficient .
 I read some of the other reviews , so I was a little skeptical . For $ 25 what the hell right ? ... Works great . Fits comfortable enough , batteries included -LRB- 3 AAA -RRB- . One button function . Even has a chin strap option if you are kooky enough to use it . Only used it a couple of times , but so far so good .
 I used it for a night hunt . The green light worked great to illuminate a decent distance . It lit up paths without spooking prey .
 Good product . Some reviews indicate that it is as bright as high noon ... this is a slight exaggeration . I wish I bought a head lamp with more led 's . You can only operate two at a time which is not quite as bright as I would like . It will work and do that job that I need done .
 This product works perfectly . The lighting options are exactly what I needed and the head band is great because it adjusts to really stay on your head . I usually have a hard time with the head bands on head lamps but not on this one .
 I bought this headlight as an all around generic flashligh replacement . I use it when I take the dogs out in the yard at night time , working in the garage , shed , basement at nightime when the overhead lights still doesnt provide enough light . This headlamp works great , fits easy , easy adjustable straps and light postion to allow the light beam to focus very close or further away like when i am walking down the street or on a trial in the woods . Good light intesity for up close jobs but a bit dim for a trail , but still adequate . I usually use the led setting , I find the incandescent setting to be very dim and only use that setting when for some reason when im working on something inside the house and dont want that White glow of the led and prefer a softer light -LRB- not often and probably this setting is a waste and not needed -RRB- . I never use the green setting either , i guess it would be good for `` Tactical '' or night hunting situaitons for up close lighting without giving away your position or to keep your eyes from needing to readjust to low light conditions when you turn off the light . Switching settings is easy . I use the light almost everyday and the price -LRB- paid about 20 $ -RRB- is worth it -LRB- seems like the price went up since i bought it about a year ago -RRB- . Battery life is also very good and uses reguar AAA batteries
 There 's a lot of choices out there - But three things made me chose JessEm for my router setup - And along with it this Slide .1 . I 'm a relativley new woodworker . I wanted to buy - And USE - A system - Not spend my time creating/building one . JessEm had everthing I needed to put together a complete router table/lift/fence / slide/stand package . And they fit - And work - Together - Exactly and Precisely .2 . The reviews on all their equipment are `` top end '' .3 . The quality of the stand - And the rest of the line are everything claimed . Built with precision - They deliver precise routing.I added a Porter Cable 7518 router -LRB- fits this setup perfectly -RRB- , a Rousseau switch , and an HTC2000 Universal Mobile Base.And now I 'm in really `` in business '' . You get what you pay for - Do it right up front.Hint
 this is another absolutely perfect , over built , amazing piece of engineering . it works flawlessly , bolts on easily , and works amazingly well . shortcomings ? nearly none . the only two questionable points are that the slide comes within a millimeter of hitting the 4 '' dust collector hose attached to an adapter used on the fence dust collector port , and the slide when rotated out of the way interferes with the fence screw down handles a bit , and most notably the most distal end of the slide rests on the table and catches the edge of the acrylic height adjustment window slightly as you slide it across the table of the mast r excel table . a great product that makes routing perpendicular work a snap .
 To anyone familiar with Jessem build quality , this Mite-R-Slide does not disappoint . It is so well-made and pretty to look at , you may never want to get it dirty . This is a premium accessory to the Jessem router table family . That being said , if you are patient , Amazon can deliver it to at a fantastic discount.I just finished assembling the Mite-R-Slide and attaching it to my Jessem router table . Although it looked complicated intially , the entire process took about an hour - thanks to the well laid-out instruction manual . The Mite-R-Slide is is built like a tank , and very easy to level and square up to the table and fence . Thankfully , the only parts left over were the allen wrenches included for assembly!Note that this Mite-R-Slide is only made to be used with the Jessem Mast-R-Fence . It is a spectacular piece of engineering and precision machining made in Barrie , Ontario Canada . Jessem router table equipment is also available from Rockler , but their stuff has blue anodized aluminum parts instead of the original red . Highly recommended !!
 This was my Christmas present , I really wanted one and have n't had a chance to put it to use yet , but it arrived promptly and was in undamaged carton .
 If you have ordered anything at all from JessEm then you are well aware of the fantastic packaging job that is done to protect their products . Bubble wrap , plastic wrap , tape and bagging are all a part of the package . The manual and assembly instructions are very clear and have more than necessary photos to assist the first timer with the assembly and installation of the miter gauge.Please open the package and lay out all of the parts first . Begin assembly only after you have read through the manual at least one time while glancing at the parts that are referenced . If you do this , the whole thing should go together in about an hour.One of the last things you will do is to tweak the adjustments in order to get the gauge square to the table , fence and horizontally along the sliding bar that mounts above your fence . Once you 've done this step , you are ready to cut.I found the gauge to be 100 % of what I was looking for . You can run the end of a piece of thin stock against the fence and have no issues when the wood hits the router bit . It 's as smooth as running a piece of stock lengthwise along the fence for a long cut . Perfect and very safe . I 've used the gauge about 2 dozen times now and every single time I have been more pleased with this purchase . I would certainly recommend this to anyone who already owns a JessEm router table . For the record , I mounted this to my JessEm Router table with the built in router lift system and fence .
 I recently added the Jessem Mite-R-Slide to my Jessem Master Fence and could not have made a better investment for the best production off my router table . Take your time to carefully get the slide bar parallel to the fence and you 'll be rewarded with perfect dados , tenons , and frame & panel doors . Try to position the bar as far to the front of your table as possible . The slide can hit your vacuum hose if it 's too far towards the back . I also put anti-sieze compound on the bolt threads as I detected a little bit of surface rust on them.Another accessory that really works great with the Master Fence are the Jessem Fence Stops . They fit the T slots perfectly and stay dead square on the fence when secured .
 Very common nail in crating and pallet production . Stays put even with moderate movement during assemble process . You will notice this if you have to remove a nail or two . Smooth shanks are okay in framing applications but the screw shank is better .
 There 's a lot of choices out there - But three things made me chose JessEm for my router setup - And along with it this table/stand .1 . I 'm a relativley new woodworker . I wanted to buy - And USE - A system - Not spend my time creating/building one . JessEm had everthing I needed to put together a complete router table/lift/fence / slide/stand package . And they fit - And work - Together - Exactly and Precisely .2 . The reviews on all their equipment are `` top end '' .3 . The quality of the stand - And the rest of the line are everything claimed . Built with precision - They deliver precise routing.I added a Porter Cable 7518 router -LRB- fits this setup perfectly -RRB- , a Rousseau switch , and an HTC2000 Universal Mobile Base.And now I 'm in really `` in business '' . You get what you pay for - Do it right up front.Hint
 I was resistant to purchase this item because of its price , however , once I recieved my Jessem Table Top , I realized that there were pre drilled holes for the stand . That fact , in conjunction with the fact that I was to lazy to custum build a table , and in the time I would 've spent doing it , I figured this table would pay off . Now that I have it , it works great , its stable , assembly was easy , it does what its supposed to do.Locking casters would be a nice addition though , as I dont have much space . Four stars because of price .
 This is a heavy duty metal angle stand specifically designed for the JessEm router table tops . You can make it work with other table tops , including one that you build yourself . The holes in the JessEm tables are pre-dirlled and threaded to match the bolt holes -LRB- 3 holes each side -RRB- in the top of the stand . It 's sturdy . It would be handier if their was some storage available in the base of the stand . A storage bin could be built to sit on the lower braces , but I 've not tried this .
 This stand is the finest one I have ever set eyes on.It went together with absolute ease ; however , you needto read ALL instructions carefully . Make absolutely surethat the entire fram is assembled snugly and SQUAREBEFORE tightening . ALSO , since the holes in the frameare oblong for adjustment purposes , IF you are planningon using the JessEm router table top on this stand , makesure that ALL corners of upper part of frame are fit sothat there is NO gap at all where they are neatly notchedto fit . I say this because the table top hole are layed outto such PRECISION that if the top portion is NOT fit so thatthere is NO play at the corners where they meet , you willhave to loosen the top all over so that the table can bescrewed down . People , I am talking the accuracy in the tabletop holes to within .30 thousandths of an inch if not LESS.These stands , BTW , IF you have not priced them before now , retail at your local woodworking store at 169.99 BEFORE taxand most of these types of stores NEVER discount theirmerchandise much more than 10 % and sometimes 15 % but Iwould n't hold your breath waiting for the 15 %
 What is more annoying than a headlight that wo n't stay in position ? A headlight that shines some of its light into one 's safety glasses , greatly diminishing one 's ability to see . After figuring this out , my choice was clear . This light stays exactly where I adjust it . It does n't need ten gazillion lumens for me to see what I 'm doing . It has a rim on it that wo n't shine any light on the inevitable dust particles and minor defects along the surface of my safety glasses . I must say , this light gives me more lumens than anything I ever bought from Home Depot . I keep it in fresh new rechargeables once every day or two , because full on it really transforms a lot of energy for 7 LEDs . But then , I like that - it means freshly recharged batteries and a much more brilliant light .
 This light is well worth it . It illuminates a good area and is light . Bought this one with the Streamlight 61400 Enduro Impact Resistant Headlamp and would buy this one over that one again if I had the choice . Yea its a bit more money , but well worth it .
 Picked this head light up as an aid for building computer systems as I was getting tired of fumbling around with hand held flashlights , and clamp on lights for building my custom computer systems.And this little light does the trick ! I am not sure why other reviewers are saying the light seems to heavy for the strap , and keeps sliding down as I have not experienced that issue . I am always bending over , turning from side to side , and upside down in some cases , and have yet to find the light sliding or dropping in any way.The light itself has a very handy tilting mechanism to get the beam into different angles , and three light levels that are cycled through with each press of the button . The light is very bright even on the lowest setting , and will light up a large room on max . I have not had the light long enough to determine battery life but I am leaving it on it 's lowest setting to get the longest run time.My only very miner grip is I wish they would have put two separate switches to make the unit even more efficient . One button to cycle through light levels , and maybe a small slid switch for the power . As it is you have to cycle through all the light levels to turn off the unit.Overall very pleased with this product , and will defiantly be buying up a bunch of these to pass around as gifts for the holidays .
 This light is more than I expected , on setting 1 , it 's light enough to guide you in a dark area without any problems , on setting 2 it 's just so much brighter and on setting 3 , I would n't even have to use my shop light at all when working on items . I got this mainly for when I would usually have to use an electric utility light -LRB- under the hood - in a darker area -RRB- , but with this , now my hands are free and there is more light then I would get from my utility light ... I LOVE it !
 This is a very bright headlamp . When you press the button , it cycles through the 3 levels of brightness . I wish that the first press started on the brightest setting . The lamp is comfortable , but the elastic causes me to sweat around it .
 This headlamp is top of the line . I have used many headlamps and this one was made for comfortablility and precision !
 This light has proven to be a must have for myself . I am a repossession agent , and also provide private towing . This light has allowed me to work more efficient in my duties . From changing a tire , strapping down an auto , unlocking cars , checking VIN numbers , doing paperwork , this light has shown to be invaluable . When you need two hands to do your job , I ca n't stress it enough that you need a light like this . The light is very bright , lasts long without needing fresh batteries , and also has -LRB- 3 -RRB- light power settings . The only down part is the light can be angled , and it sometimes angles down while working . You can fix this by doing a little creative work.I love this light , and have owned mine for over a year with no problems . Highly recommend purchasing one .
 I got this gadget for Christmas and had been wanting one for years , but was n't sure what to go with . After reading other reviews I decided on this one , and am EXTREMELY pleased with it . Although it appears bulky , it 's not at all heavy with only 3 AAA batteries , and a cushion on the back of the light piece . The straps are thick and easily adjustable , and the on button is easy to access while wearing the light . It also allows for angle adjustment which is EXTREMELY helpful and allows for 3 light settings -LRB- low-3 LEDs , medium-5 LEDs , and high-7 LEDs -RRB- . Originally I wanted this for those moments when I would need flashlight while putting together furniture or wiring equipment behind a tv or desk , but in just one day of use , I 've used it while knitting , walking the dog , and many other situations . Although , some might call this a `` geek-light '' I think it 's a gadget everyone should have !
 I bought this because i was going to be doing some work in the attic . The work required running wires and so i was moving around a lot up there , and relocating a work lamp soon became really tiresome.This was the perfect solution . The 7 LED lamps are bright enough to light up my entire workspace and the surrounding areas . Also , the adjustable angle on the lamp is a great feature to minimize neck strain.The padding on the light where it rests on your forehead is a little thin . Also if you plan on wearing it for long hours in tight hot environments where you are likely to sweat , it starts to get a little itchy . This is easily fixed by wearing a bandana or baseball cap flipped backwards though . But if its for quick jobs of under an hour , its comfortable enough that you wont notice its there .
 This is really a great product . I received the headlamp one week before the electric was cut off due to Ike . I walked around the house doing everything as if the power was on . It adjustable to what ever angle you want the light . The elastic strap works great around your head but I have n't figured out how to work the rubber one . Last night I was in Walgreens and saw a headlamp in the hardware section for $ 6.99 that was similar to this one but not made as well . I may buy one .
 Purchased this light for snow blowing at night after Ariens would n't replace the light on my snow-blower which was under warranty . Light is an inexpensive way to have good lighting when working in the dark . Light is reasonably weighted , fitssnugly on head , and does not fall forward even with rapid back an forth movement of head . After reading previous purchasers complaints about having to wear a hat to keep it from dropping I vigorously whipped my head back an forth to make it drop , but to no avail . I believe their problem to be that they did n't have the center strap properly tightened.I have previous experience with adjusting a catchers mask , and numerous times of putting on a gas mask . I tightened the center strap by about 2 &#34; , the side straps about 1 &#34; , and have had no problems with it .
 This is my second streamlight , and I own a few other headlamps - always trying to find the best.The streamlight does not put out the most light , but its a fairly wide beam.Best things aboiut this are construction compared to just about all the others , headband quality , and general ease of use - button location and tilt mechanismSince I bought a second one as you can imagine I would recommend it for all around use
 I was without electric for 11 days after Superstorm Sandy and this product was a God send . I feed a feral cat colony and not having to hold onto a flashlight made my life much easier .
 Ordered another product like this for the construction night crew , but got complaints that it was n't bright enough . Ordered one of these to check out the brightness before purchasing for the entire crew , received it today and ordered 8 more for the rest of the crew . Works great !
 I really like this head lamp . I got it for backpacking and it is light enough to toss in the pack , but still tough enough that I do n't have to be concerned about carrying a broken light back down the trail with me . It is really bright too ... which you ca n't beat .
 This headlight was put to use immediately after I received it . I hike in the mountains and basically use this anytime around the house at night as well . The 3 settings of light intensity are nice and it 's comfortable to wear .
 Not to be long winded , what can one say , It is bright , even on low setting and it works , even in the rain . -LRB- breathe -RRB- I do n't think you can go wrong with this product . It is as advertised ! I use this light on my semi-flatbed . -LRB- tractor-trailer -RRB- In the dead of night , where one could easily step of the side off trailer and DIE , this light WORKS !!!!
 I use this one at home mostly.I 've been keeping it on the patio for those afternoons where it starts getting dark before I 'm done reading.Very comfortable , and I have n't had to change the batteries yet . -LRB- Over twenty hours -RRB- .
 My husband is extremely satisfied with the Steamlight Septor Headlamp . It 's heavy duty , comfortable and provides him with the ability to select amount of lighting he needs in order to get his job done . Would highly recommend this product . Great product , great price , quick delivery . Win , win , win for us as the customer !
 What turned out to be a great fathers day gift for my dad will become a household item in my own house . This thing rocks ! I know I 'll use it too .
 I am so upset that I didnt think to buy this amazing product years ago . It 's adjustable for my big head , it fits comfortable . Right now as I write this review my main room light is off -LRB- I do not like having my bright room light on all the time -RRB- . I have the headband on and is able to type and read with no problems . When I 'm venturing into my busy but dark closets I prop this gadget on and can see everything . It has improve the quality of my life ten folds .
 Continues to serve its purpose . I have enjoyed this head lamp for sometime . Taken it camping and its bright . I read with it a lot . I like it .
 the streamlight headlight is awesome , i used while repairing plumbing under a house and really worked great , this is a great product
 This headlamp is great . I like the 3 levels of brightness . Very bright output on the highest level . It put 's out more light than my other headlamps , and gives out more light than my friends headlamps . Fit 's great and I like that it comes with a hard hat strap . It would be nice if the light beam was foucused more into a spot light . It 's a wide beam of light which is n't bad . I still give this light a 4 out of 5 !
 Headband fits good , unit is light weight , easily focused , creates good hands free lighting . Very effective for dollars spent , would reccomend to anyone needing hands free light source .
 I bought this thing a while ago and forgot to write a review , but I love it . I use it around the house on various projects and have left my old electric trouble light on a hook in the garage because I do n't need it anymore . I use rechargeable AAA batteries in this lamp and seldom run into problems where the batteries run out mid-project . The three-intensity brightness setting is nice , but I almost always use full intensity . I recommend this product to my family & friends .
 How many times did I wish that I had an extra hand . WELL ----- That time is now ! ThisStreamlight 61052 Septor LED Headlamp with Strap , frees my hands and helps me see in dark unwanted places . People always need a helping hand and this product did just that . The bright LED lights sure helped me . Thanks
 In these winter months , it is dark by the time we get home . There are parts of the horse pens that existing lighting does not reach , but with this headlamp we can pick poop as well as the rest of the year . It also let 's me keep up with after work power walks , something I let slide in previous winters . A great product !
 I bought a headlamp from HomeDepot earlier this year to extend my winter work days . I liked it a lot but it was n't as bright as I needed . So I searched the net for the the brightest headlamp . The SEPTOR came up as a top contender so I decided to take a chance on it . I was very pleased when I received it . It is very bright , more like a good flash light then an LED light . The headlamp is bigger then others but the head strap is very comfortable and I have found it not to be a problem . The extra light is a good trade off.I have n't actually measured the battery life but I use the lamp at full power and change the batteries about every 2 weeks . -LRB- probably 10 hours -RRB- It will run longer but the light starts to dim and I prefer to have it as bright as possible.Overall it is an Excellent light .
 Dad loves it ! Especially since he is a plumber and he goes under houses alot , he finds it very handy to have around .
 great product ! this headlamp works great , has 3 settings of brightness , the overall weight is like wearing nothing at all . perfect for camping and hiking or any outdoor activity
 Just what I was looking for ... hands free and really bright light . Quality construction and easy to use . Adjusting the angle of the light is a little disconcerting since it makes a loud click noise -LRB- sounds like plastic is breaking -RRB- . But it works fine and has n't broke yet . I would recommend this to anyone that wants hands free light for tasks like auto or computer repair . Definitely beats asking someone to hold the light for you !
 good : - great powerful light for night time gardening-great price-easy to usebad : - a little unattractive looking-slightly bulky
 Working un the dark sometimes this is a nice light to have when you need both hands to work . This one is made in China . Streamlight has not let me down yet
 I really like the Septor LED headlight so far . The 3 different brightness settings are great . Most of the time I can use just the low setting . When I need the area brighter , the ability is there . The high setting is very bright . Tilt feature is wonderful . A great product for the money overall .
 I 've used my Streamlight headlamp a few times now . It is lightweight , works well , and is solid built . All the Streamlight products I have purchased so far is quality . Really impressive
 i am a weaterization tech & spend a lot of time in attics & crawl spaces.this is the BEST headlamp you will find .
 Very bright and easy to adjust . Best value I have found , bought a second one .
 Tough , bright , brighter , brightest . Use to travel to boat on dinghy . Nice triple level LED , very tough construction , strong workable strap , nice switch , great product .
 This headlamp is awsome , has 3 diferent options of led using , it 's possible to use 1 , 3 or all leds at the same time . I also got impressed about the light intensity from the leds , plus it fits very confortable in the head . If you need light with free-hands that 's a must have .
 I use it for doing electrical work in my own house , in the attic , or working on things in the garage up-close where intense light helps make the job easier . Works very nicely . Overall construction is very good , especially the battery compartment . Battery weight -LRB- 3 AAA 's -RRB- is about as heavy as you can get without the light sliding down your nose.My only suggestion to the manufacturer would be to offer single-push-to-off button along with the existing 4-cycle -LRB- off , low , medium , high -RRB- button . When I only need the low -LRB- 1st -RRB- or medium -LRB- 2nd -RRB- setting , it 's annoying to have to push it 1 or 2 extra times to turn it off . Thank goodness I do n't have to cycle through a flashing/hazard setting !
 I had been using a light that had only one LED and it just was n't bright enough in some situations . I work in the electrical trade and both hands need to be available to work and lighting is usually nonexistent . This light is like stepping outdoors in the middle of the afternoon ! It has three levels and almost always I am on the low one . Another great feature is the push button on switch . My previous light had a rotary switch and took both hands -LRB- usually dirty and greasy -RRB- to operate . It is a little bit hungrier for battery but given the illumination that 's understandable . This is a great product , worth the price , and my coworkers all want one too .
 If you need a hands free light , I highly recommend this light . I 've used three other brands in the past , and they do not compare to this light . I use the light for fishing at night . Gives off more light than any I 've used before . My son uses one for fishing and work . He paid $ 40.00 off the tool truck . When I fished with him one night , I knew I had to have one . So , after searching local stores , I went to Amazon.com for the best price .
 I purchased and used the headlamp for two fun filled -LRB- ? -RRB- days of rewiring in my attic , prior to having the attic reinsulated . -LRB- The outside temperature was hovering at 100 deg . F. and I 'm sure the attic temp was much higher . -RRB- Streamlight SEPTOR LED Headlamp - 61052 It is comfortable with a particulate mask on as well . Great light quality too . I really recommend this light.Steve C.
 I bought this item for my boyfriend . He has Retinitis Pigmentosa which makes reading fine print difficult . He uses this light to enhance his ability to see . It has worked fabulously for him , so much so , that he is planning on purchasing one for his brother !
 This is my first review that I have written but have appreciated the many reviews I 've read prior to purchases . This is a great little light . I used it to run my telephone and cable connections under my house . It provided excellent light was fully adjustable for any angle needed and weighs very little . I did not notice any diminished intensity for the several hours of use . I would highly reccomend this light .
 This is a very light and comfortable light to wear , and it 's great for when you 're climbing the ladder up into the attic . There 's no lighting in our attic , and I went up to check the insulation . After a minute I bumped the shoplight I brought up against something and it died . Would have been pretty awkward getting out without this headlamp . It also has 3 brightness levels so you can conserve your batteries and avoid blinding people when camping .
 I 've recently replaced a headlamp that I used for many years . This is my first LED one , and it 's great . At first I was skittish about the dual straps . But they work well . Comfortable , adjusts to my odd-shaped head , and holds in place . Light weight . Well made . High grade plastic . Rubberized bumper protecting the lens . O-rings on all removable covers . One of the best designed battery compartments I 've seen . Has a slide out module in which you easily load the batteries . Pop the whole module back in and twist on the cover . The twist-on cover even has `` Close '' and `` Open '' marks , so you know it 's positively seated . Three intensities are handy . Positive on/off switch . I use it when working on engines or inside electronics cabinets , when I need a directed light , but also need both hands free . My only neg
 There are lots of headlamps . I 've owned many of them and use them extensively in Florida 's hurricane zone . If you 're a hiker/jogger , this one is NOT for you as it 's heavy and will slip forward on your head . If you 're working around the home , your car or boat , this is the one you want . It 's the brightest . You can choose 3 levels of light/battery drain . It 's simple to use . It 's uses standard batteries . Some use non-standard batteries . Some have so many options , you have to have the manual to use them .
 I am a Missionary Dentist and I use the Streamlight in remote areas where there is no electricity and it provides excellent lighting even in the deeper areas of the mouth . A great product !
 I used this headlamp in Kenya where there was no light pollution . This headlamp helped me see where I was walking and stepping on . It fits very comfortably on my head , never gave me a headache . It 's very bright but does not shine very far .
 I have used so many headlamps over the years I have lost count . Everyone of the previous ones had one thing or another I did not like . -LRB- Not bright enough , undependable , runs batteries down when not in use , has 4 different settings when only one does what it is supposed to , `` provide ample light '' and on and on . -RRB- This one has 3 useful settings . The dimmest one is bright enough to work with , the brightest one is very bright for those hard to see places like working under a car in a very tight , dark location . I have no need for the shop lights since buying this headlamp . It is easy to use and is easy to clean up , adjust angle , adjust straps , etc. .
 I 've been using these lights commercially for the last 6 yrs and they are reliable and provide a good light with good battery life that is measured in weeks of use everyday . They only take 3 AAA batteries.I especially like the two style head band straps ; one for hard hats and one for that fits over your naked head.I use one of each style of head band as I use them almost every day and the changeover is somewhat of a pain.They are n't the smallest or lightest on the market , but I can not imagine a light that is more reliable . I would recommend this light to anyone . I bought one of the lights when they first became available and my clients would snicker and ask if I was a coal miner . Now they are common as can be in the utility power plants that I consult to . It seems as if everyone has a head light and these Stream Light are the most common among professionals.The only negative is that they do n't give you much warning when the batteries go dead . It 's full brilliance and then 60 seconds after noticing that it is n't as bright as it was ... it 's dead . This is no biggie for me as I buy my batteries by the case in all sizes and I keep them changed out often . I 'll use a digital volt meter and change the batteries when they get down to 1.3 vdc from the full 1.6 vdc when new . Stream Light also makes a very similar head light with 3 LED 's and a central incandescent bulb that is only good for gauging battery life . The incandescant light will dim noticeably when the batteries get low , but the LED 's are still bright .
 I live on a large piece of property with animals in the back that i often have to go visit at night and need my hands free . This is easy to put on , stays on , and provides me enough light to see them and to watch where i am going .
 My husband 's original `` Nerd Light '' -LRB- the name he gave it -RRB- broke , so searching for a new one was a bit of a challenge , as once he has found an item he likes and is comfortable with , it is n't easy to replace . This light happened to be superior to the one he originally owned , and he is VERY pleased with it ! So if you 're looking for a good `` Nerd Light '' this one is everything it claims to be !
 led intensity is low but on high setting is enough . excellent fit and for the money good deal
 Very happy with this product . Puts out plenty of light exactly where you tell it to .
 I found myself using this headlamp more often than not and I have to say that I am very satisfied . I do n't have a handheld flashlight since I use this for almost everything . Very comfortable , it lights up very well -LRB- 3 brightness settings -RRB- and at a great price . Oh and the batteries do last quite sometime .
 Can not imagine crawling under my truck with out it . works great . I like wearing this light as opposed to corded lights for working on truck or motorcycle.My fist one lasted about a year and a half and then seemed to crumble apart . -LRB- stored in extreme cold and heat , + droped umpteen times -RRB- I have since bought 3 more . 1 to carry in truck ,1 to carry in motorcyle and 1 for home . If you ever need to change a tire at night wouldnt it be nice to have both hands free ?
 Love it ! We use it for everything ... walking dogs at night , camping , reading , etc. . Great quality , great price . Last one we had did n't use regular size batteries so we could n't use rechargable ones . This one takes regular batteries ! I 'm ordering more for gifts !!
 This headlamp is very comfortable and easy to use at a great price . I bought it for a scout camping trip and it was the brightest light on the trip . While hiking in pitch dark three scouts in front of me could see with no prblem . Now I 'm purchasing a 2nd one for my son for the next trip to replace the cheap one that I bought him , because you ca n't put a price tag on a child 's safety .
 I bought this product because we have 2 dogs and walking them in the dark while carrying a flashlight is a pain . Even on the 1 bulb setting , this product provides more than enough light .
 I really like this headlamp . It 's well-made and powerful . I had intended it for hiking and for occasional use around the yard at night . But I have found that it 's excellent for all inside home repair work . Working under a sink , for instance . No need to hold a flashlight or set up a lamp . I 've used other headlamps for home and auto work but the brightness and endurance of this one make it a better experience .
 Bought this item based on the reviews from other purchasers and research on about 3 other items out there . This seemed to fit what I needed to do the most . I used this 3 times within the first 3 weeks I bought it . It 's quick to get ready instead of stringing extension cords and drop lights for relatively quick jobs . For me it 's HVAC and cat 5 wiring projects . It works well . There 's 3 levels of lighting . I wear it with a ball cap so the weight of the battery pack is not an issue . It stays with me so I do n't have to juggle a flashlight and hand tools . So far I 'm pleased .
 Received this as a Christmas present in 2008 and was initially disappointed thinking ` great , now what will I do with it ? ' . An hour later I was setting up the new Wii machine and used the headlight to illuminate the sockets behind the television , then again when crawling under the furniture to access wall sockets , then again for something else . Over the last year I have used it practically everyday when flossing the kids ' teeth , for atmospheric reading of bed-time stories , or walking the dog on winter nights . I also travel with it and have taken it to Africa 6 times and camping in the wilds of Sudan without it failing . Being an unashamed geek I have even used it on transatlantic flights to read with - I realize it does not enhance my looks , but does not disturb other passengers with the overhead light . In short this headlight gives very good illumination using 1,3 or 7 LEDs , battery life is very good with very little fading of the luminosity as the batteries get old . I can not compare it to other similar products , but I have found mine to be robust and amazingly useful .
 I bought the headlamp for my fiance . He loves it . It is so handy . You can work , hands free . I would recommend this product .
 As a air conditioning and heating contractor we have used several different lights to free our hands while servicing equipment in the dark . This is the best we have found . They put out more light than any of the others we have tried .
 I bought this for my boyfriend who is a commercial crab fisherman in Alaska . He has had it for about a year now and still loves it ! He said I could not have found a better headlamp then this one . All of his co-workers and friends have purchased it and use it both for work and pleasure . You would be surprised with how much you actually use this , it is a must have in any household .
 I have two other headlamps with single around-the-head bands and they slip down onto my nose . This model does n't and the lowest lamp setting is plenty bright for most work . The unit is lighter and smaller than my other ones .
 I replaced an older model headlight with this one . It 's great !! I love the three `` speeds '' for various uses . The battery life seems to be very good as I have only changed them once in two years . Everytime I have to go into our attic , I 'm wearing my Streamlight Headlight . It 's also useful when working on small objects in a dimly lit area . It 's going hunting with me the next time I go .
 I use this little light all the time , and I love it . My co-worker bought a cheaper brand from home depot , and there is no comparison . Using the one led mode is brighter than cheaper versions on high .
 I once owned a headlamp which was in the class of a toy , not enough light and a junky switch ... I tossed it . This Streamlight is far more expensive but it does everything I want . There are three light intensities and the switch is of good quality . My first project for it was changing the ballast in a ceiling fluorescent , a good test . Try doing that while holding a normal flashlight -LRB- just kidding -RRB- . The Septor 61052 met the challenge and I now have a working fluorescent .
 What a fantastic item . The item showed up just when we were having a power outage . It was great from everything to walking around the house to reading a book . My husband said it was one of the best Christmas presents he 'd ever received and the most useful !!!
 My husband continuously praises this product and promotes it to all . He says this is his best purchase ever ! Uses for all handy man jobs around the house .
 I bought this Headlight for my 9 year old nephew for Christmas and he absolutely loves it . My brother said he wears it all the time at night or makes them turn out the lights so he can see . Best gift he got this year !
 Product arrived quickly as specified . Bright light , 3 levels of brightness , adjustable headstrap goes over top of head too .
 EVERYTHING CAME IN PERFECT CONDITION . THE LIGHT WORKS GREAT . THE HEAD STRAP WORKS GREAT . I ONLY THING THAT SEEMS CHEAP IS THE ACTUAL LIGHT ANGLE ADJUSTMENT . IT FEELS AND SOUNDS CHEAP . THE RACHET IS MADE OF PLASTIC I THINK . WE 'LL SEE HOW LONG IT 'LL LAST . OTHER THAN THAT , ALMOST ALL PRODUCTS FROM STREAMLIGHT ARE VERY HIGH QUALITY AND LAST FOR EVER .
 It so cool . I love it I use it all the time whatsovver I go in the dark , attic basemant anywhere you need it . It so brighter than other lights . It have 7 LEDS with 3 buttons low , med and High . I still buying more but still want more longer battery life.Thanks to Steamlight.Jeffrey V. NY
 Great product to use . Very comfortable to wear and plenty of light . Top strap makes a big difference .
 I like the multiple brightness adjustment as well as the three strap system for keeping it in place on your head , lightweght and very comfortable for something like this . Fully adjustable to any angle you would need for close work or fixing a loose wire behind the TV without having to turn on all the lights to see what you are doing.I find myself using this in place of a flashlight for nearly any job where you need a light on the subject . Having both hands free is something you get used to very quickly.Well made and obviously built to last.Highly recommended !
 Has 3 levels for the lights from low to high , and the head band is adjustable to fit any big old head . Good for working in the dark and able to use both of your hands .
 Have purchased four of these headlamps and they 're awesome . Frequently end up doing extended night hikes and this is way better than previous four-LED lights I 've had . Have never had a problem with the Streamlight . Fits comfortably on my head or beanie . The battery duration numbers they give are optimistic but I get about four hours of maximum output with all seven LEDs on before there 's a noticeable decline . My bro does construction and loves the two I gifted him . This is the headlamp to get .
 I bought this Streamlight because I had one before . Nevertheless this is far good and it is very easy to use it . If you one to have extra light , especially if you are more than 50 years old , this Streamlight is the perfect companion . David
 If you walk you dog at night and your city is adverse to street lamps like mine , you need this product . I was able to confidently walk my dog this evening without worrying about running into critters or dropping my flashlight in my dog 's `` gift '' or stepping in it . It fit securely and was very bright . Just do n't look at your dog the same time that they look up .
 This is my second Streamlight headlamp I have purchased . I liked the first one so much , I bought another for my car .
 I bought this for my friend who is a maintenance person and he always says how much he loves it because it is so bright , has a good range of light , and is not too bulky .
 This light is almost perfect for working in odd , dim places.It is very comfortable -LRB- using the Head strap shown -RRB- , adjustment of beam angle was easy.I found the light to be a bit uneven when doing detailed work necessitating minor adjustments in lamp or head position.Overall It performed well , was easy on standard batteries.If I lost this one , I would definitely get another .
 easily adjustable , ratchet seems to work well , illumination is simply great . . overall , better than any headlampthat I 've owned . . definitely recommend
 I thought this would be a good replacement for my broken incandescent headlamp and it was great . The strap is easliy adjusted and it also comes with a rubber one . I like the three light levels and the hightest one is very bright . I use it in the house so it 's more than adequate . I think they did a great job in the design and weight is fine .
 The different levels of lights are perfect for light needed and the adjustable straps fit comfortably and the straps are heavy duty enough to keep up the hefty lamp .
 Husband needed one in our dark basement to work . It was higher than the ones I 've seen other places , though , but maybe more light .
 This is terrific for working in dark places and for walking the dog at night . Strong light , comfortable to wear and does everything I hoped it would do .
 we love this product . it is made well with many settings and options to choose from ! will be ordering another !
 Use it for work LOVE IT works great . had it for 3 months use daily in all weather .
 Got this item for husband for Christmas . VERY pleased . I did not realized it had 3 different levels of brightness ... another great discovery of its features . He uses it over a cap as bill supports the light . Main use is going out to feed baby goats during the night as no electicity in shed . Keeps both hands available for multiple bottle operation . We would recommend this item .
 Bought this as a Christmas present . It arrived on time and in perfect shape ! He loved it . And , just so happened that he was using the headlamp when the lights went out . No problem for him -- he could see . haha !
 Had to use this in staircases in the Rockaways after Sandy . Lifesaver . Kept hands free on sandy slippery stairs . Fantastic amount of light and it never dimmed .
 These will make a great camp light very bright . I will also use for my working on the Vehicles . They are very bright .
 This headlight proved to be very bright , regardless of the setting , and stays on very securely with the elastic strap . I would highly recommend .
 I bought this headlamp for my father for father 's day last year , and it is absolutely the best thing I have ever given him . He uses it all the time , in crawl spaces , drop ceilings , working on cars , fishing at night , you name it . He likes the three adjustable illumination settings , and the brightness of the lights on the lamp . He also says it 's very comfortable to wear . I would highly recommend this as a gift for the man -LRB- or woman -RRB- who likes to fix things .
 Very bright I have a large head and it adjusts to fit me and is comfortable to wear . The three settings are a little much , you do n't need them but its nice to have i guess . Leds are very bright and you can adjust the light to point forward or down at different angles good product .
 Pleased with the light , it is light weight and the adjustable intensity is appreciated .
 I recently bought a variety of headlamps for emergency prepardness which included three other Streamlight headlamps and also a Petzl E89 -- so this review is a comparison of the 61052 to those others . -LRB- FWIW
 Often , people like me , who have impaired vision , need a little more light than the person with typical vision , to do the same job . I find that this little headlamp allows me to read , knit , file my nails , crochet and look for things in closets and drawers much more easily . I really like it and recommend it for other people who have visual impairments or those who just want a boost in lumens for a particular task.One drawback is that getting the battery in and out is very difficult , as the battery lid/hatch is not designed well . If I could speak to the engineers who designed it I 'd ask them to re-design this feature with a flexible rubbery cap that could easily be pried off and snapped back on . As an engineer myself , I do not see why this would not be an easy task , but may cost a few cents more . In my opinion , it would be worth it to the consumer to pay a few cents more for a more managable cap.Even with this drawback , it is the best headlamp for common , daily tasks . I 've purchased every single one , and tested them , and in my opinion , it 's the best out out there .
 First off , Streamlight -- if you 're not familiar with them -- makes high quality LED flashlights , weapon-mounted lights , and many other LED light products . They make them very well , and for cheaper than most of their competitors -LRB- or in the case of SureFire , MUCH cheaper ! -RRB- I believe the quality of their products to be just as good if not better than SureFire , Fenix , or Insight Technologies , which are the leading LED light manufacturers . This headlamp works well , throws lots of light , and is durable , and affordable!Pros : High quality -LRB- Known for their flashlights and high quality LED products -RRB- Durable -LRB- I have dropped it numerous times and it keeps working -RRB- Very bright -LRB- 50 lumens in highest mode , which is great for a headlamp -RRB- Comfortable -LRB- padded forehead band and soft wide elastic stretch bands -RRB- Versatile -LRB- comes with alternate strap , and 3 light modes -RRB- Affordable -LRB- Cheaper than many competitor brands -RRB- Adjustable -LRB- LED unit is fully adjustable to angle the lights where you need it -RRB- Great Battery Life -LRB- last for many weeks of normal 1-2 hours a day use -RRB- Cons : A tad front heavy due to the LED housing being a little big . It 's not uncomfortable , but it might take some getting used to.Takes only 3 AAA batteries . I would have preferred AA batteries since they have a higher Mah rating , but they probably would n't fit.Great for : Camping , dog walking , in the workshop , car trunk , jogging , bike riding , any nighttime activity where you need both hands!So there you have it . If you want a great LED Headlamp that 's dependable , affordable , and has great features , then you need to buy this light , you wo n't regret it !
 I work road construction , and this has been the year of the night work . I have an LED flashlight , but it was a problem with rummaging through a tool box , or trying to fix a generator to get the light plants up and running . I did see a few cheaper headlamps at the local hardware store , but decided to check amazon.I came across the Streamlight 61052 , and decided to give it a try . The build quality is excellent , with gaskets for the battery door and lens surround . I immediately got the product out of the package and attached it to my hardhat , batteries installed I was out the door.I arrived at the project , and almost forgot I had the headlamp on ... I peered into our job trailer straining my eyes for the equipment I needed , until that little light came on above my head ... literally!The three brightness settings are one of the greatest features of this lamp , the choices are :1 press = 1 Led2 presses = 3 Led 's 3 presses = 7 Led 's 4 presses = OFFEven with only 1 Led lit , the area in front of you is filled with brilliant white light , and with all 7 on , you feel like its noon ! I would highly recommend this headlight , to anybody needing a little extra light for any activity . I personally cant wait to try this thing outside of work , maybe for some fishing , or camping !
 This headlamp is super good and the best bang for your buck . I got this to do a night hike at Half Dome and it was by far the most powerful as others in my group used 4 led petzel 's i reverted to the back to light the pathway up for everyone !
 I was n't sure how much I would use this , but I 've ended up using it quite a bit since I got it . Very bright light on the high setting and it is priceless when you need hands free lighting ... . AND it actually fits on your head so it wo n't slip off .
 Agree with the other reviewer , everything is excellent about it , except one point
 This is great for my husband as he is in his 70 's and ca n't see small things as well so he uses this to go under the house which it is perfect for and also reading small things like the digital timer in the laundry room . It is very bright and not to uncomfortable he says so I would definately advise purchasing this again , it also comes with a strap for a hard hat which will be a plus for some not for us we wont use that but the light itself is great . Good purchase ...
 Perfect for so many situations ... walking dog at night , working on car , under the house , reading at nite , power outages ... anywhere u need light and ur hands too !!! Gon na pick up a couple more to keep in each car ... seriously very cool ... bought a cheaper model other brand big mistake ... spend the extra $ $ $ on this one for reliability .
 This is a very well made product with a rubberized light and multiple bright LEDs . it 's not bright enough for mountain biking but enough for any outdoor repair or home work . I found it much like the Dorcy lights ... . tough and great price
 I bought this headlamp for the sole purpose walking at night with our dogs . It gives me enough visibility to see about 10 ' in front of me -LRB- on the highest setting -RRB- , and also allows others to see me as well , keeping all of us in the walking party safe . Has 3 levels of intensity , really bright LED bulbs , adjusts easily and stays put . Batteries need only be replaced infrequently and the compartment is easily accessed when necessary . Definitely recommended .
 I use this for projects under the cabinets , in the attic , or inside the cars . Fits well and stays put .
 I bought this to use when I take walks at night , now that it is getting dark so early in the evening . It puts off a great amount of light , and is well made . It 's fairly comfortable to wear , but is a bit on the heavy side . I put it over a hat and it is more comfortable to wear . I wore it once when I was building some shelves in my basement in an awkward location . It was great for that as well , but did n't have a hat on and it kind of traps the sweat behind the light . So again , a hat or something would be best with this .
 Put it on my head and did my pre trip highway patrol officer ask where I got it , He was ordering his in the scale house before I started to drive off , Brit ` er than the standard mag lite 6 cell with krypton bulb .
 I just got this headlamp and I am very pleased to have made this purchase . I work a lot on cars and trucks and a lot of times I have to hold the flashlight in one hand while working , and it is very hard to work like that . With this headlamp it will make my job much , much easier when I am working in not so lit areas . . So , I would recommend this product to everyone ...
 I love this light , it is great for duck and deer hunting . It has 3 different settings but really , the low setting is plenty good . I also use it for safety when taking walks at night .
 I really love this thing . In fact , I love it so much , that I bought a second one as a gift for my best friend . I have used it to replace receptacles in the kitchen , install a ceiling fan , repair work under the house in the crawl space , and even a little tune up of the gas log in our fireplace . The best features for me are being able to work hands free , no hassle ability to keep light right on what you are working on -LRB- or reaching for -RRB- , and the option of three diferent lighting levels . I did n't know how important being able to adjust the lighting level would be until I worked with it in some of these challenging places . You can get just the right amount of illumination without creating the glare that my other lights would typically create .
 I like this head lamp . The LED lights are pretty bright . However , it would have been nice to have some red LED lights -LRB- low lighting -RRB- for camp fires .
 Plenty of light in the single LED mode and even brighter than I expected as you go up . Great for nights outdoors or working on repairs and hobby items on the workbench .
 For many years I struggled with trying to work in tight places in the dark or semi dark . Out of frustration I went to Amazon to search for a product that I did n't even know existed . I only believed that it should be there . I found it in less than a minute and ordered it . It has exceeded my expectations . I love it . Now no matter how dark or tight the work space is I have both hands free and pin point light to light up the area .
 I am an electrical contractor , so I often crawl through basements and attics . This light makes pleant of use full light - works great .
 I bought this light to use on the fire dept. for night time field fires . I am currently using it while doing electrical work in the attic of a building here . It works great . I would recommend this light to anyone that needs to have both hands free and there is no place to sit a flashlight .
 This headlight is great . . My boyfriend uses it everyday at work . The battery in it last about 12 working days . I would definitely purchase this product again .
 I bought the Septor headlamp after seeing it on a Snap On Tool Truck , tho it was to expensive from Snap On , so I searched online and found it much cheaper . The Septor lamp is everything I had hoped it would be . Working on John Deere equipment it works absolutely great . The batteries life seems very good and the 3 adjustments offer a nice range of light . The straps are comfortable and the weight is not to much . I definitly recommend this light .
 I purchased the Streamlight for use in my crawlspace and it performs well for that purpose . It feels comfortable , so I have expanded it 's use for night time dog walking and on occasion , reading in bed so as not to disturb my spouse . Once I received it , I found that it has a limited lifetime warranty , excluding only excessive abuse and batteries . That 's just an added bonus to a well made product .
 This light is very handy when the power goes out or you are working alone on something and some extra light makes a job easier . I recommend it !
 I purchased this for my honey who loves to be outdoors . Light or dark . He 's even found it 's pretty useful just walking our big Newfie at night to see where we need to pick up the poo . He loves the idea that it has several brightness capabilities . Should he ever need to wear his hard hat ... it fits on that , too . We are planning on doing some traveling and maybe some type of camping with his grand kids ... this will be a life saver I 'm suspecting . So was it worth the money ... you betcha .
 exactly what was advertised ! does a great job -- highly recommendfit my big head -- very sturdy -- didnt fall off . Three settings of light-highest setting -LRB- 3rd -RRB- puts out a ton of light .
 I use this on the job , its comfortable and lots of light , like the head gear , keeps pressure off any one spot .
 I bought it for my husband but I have been using it more that he does . It is great for putting wood in the woodstove at night . It has a very bright light and covers a lot of space . I would recommend it highly .
 Animals need your attention day and night so , if you have to go out in the dark , this is a great tool for light while keeping your hands free .
 Grandson loved it.Had a good time with it . light is bright and fits on a childs head with ease really liked the product .
 Very good quality , light and easy to use - just what I was expecting and I think they will suit my needs .
 I bought the Streamlight to use while doing some electrical work around my house . I used it over an old baseball cap which worked well because it supported the light and also cushioned the light against my forehead . I like that it has three different brightness settings and you can adjust the angle over which the top strap goes around or over your head . Safe purchase and very well priced .
 My neighbor is a major tool geek . He 's very selective and buys only top-of-the-line gadgets . He liked my headlamp so much I gave it to him and bought another . That 's how nifty this is .
 This is a nice unit , with a claimed 40 lumens of output on the highest setting , 20 lumens on mid , and about 8 lumens on low . Upon initial use , I found the high setting to be massively powerful that could easily blind my eyes if looked into directly . However , this high output was short lived -- lasting less than an hour . The unit has declining light power output as the batteries die , this will sneak up on you in a very ugly way if you need to use the light in the field and do n't have immediate access to swap the batteries.It 's pretty clear why output is n't so long -- with only 3 AAA batteries powering the unit , it 's too small . I would 've liked to have seen 2 AA , or even better , 3 AA batteries powering the unit . This would allow for more MAHAs output ; AAA 's are quite puny in output compared to an AA . In fact , you can get 3x the output from one AA over an AAA.The unit does fit comfortably as it has the middle band , preventing the whole thing from running down your forehead . I bought this to do night gardening and yard work , so I 'm actively moving about . The previous headband light I had from Energizer did n't have the middle band , so was always slipping down.The light beam is very wide compared to my energizer headband . Although this may seem good , sometimes it 's a little too wide for my tastes . This is as the low setting becomes much too dispersed and weak to do any detailed work , so I have to put the unit on mid or high setting . This of course compromises battery life as discussed earlier . It would 've been really nice if some kind of focal adjustment knob was incorporated into the unit.So overall , this is n't too bad of a headband light but a little disappointing . Make certain you have a set of rechargeable AAA 's available . Something like Sanyo Eneloops would be good , as they have decent energy reserves and can sit idle for a long time without discharge .
 I used the Septor headlight this last '06 hunting season and it was everything I expected it to be . Excellent lighting , comfortable positioning and exceptional performance . I hiked many miles with it and it kept me safe . I love the three settings from dim to brightest . Easy to find when you set it down in the field to due to its bright yellow coloring . Excellent buy !
 I 'm a contractor who needs a bright headlamp to continue working after the Sun goes down in the winter adn this light does just what i need . It 's great for overall lighting my surrounding but also for focussed tasks . I recommend highly .
 Good , bright enough LED headlight . However , it seems that the brightness begins to dim quite soon if used in max brightness level -LRB- 10 LED on -RRB- ; or it may be because included batteries were already weakened .
 I work on a blacked out military base in a third world country as a Crash-Fire-Rescue Tech . These help greatly during patient care or any other night operation where light is limited .
 Excellent product - nice illumination . I am a hard rock miner and sticking my head in dark tunnels the chin strap has really come in handy . Highly recommend buying . Fits over head or helmet .
 I really like the three intensity level settings . It is not the most lightweight , however intense candle power and range . If these are qualities you 're looking for the the `` Streamlight '' will work for you .
 This is a great light for the price . It does have a very hard backplate -LRB- the part that touches your forehead -RRB- on it , which over about 15 minutes becomes uncomfortable . It could use a softer rubber backplate . Or you could just put a baseball cap on backwards and be good . Other than that , it 's a great light !
 No matter how bright a room is , when a computer is opened , the computer case blocks most of the light , leaving dark shadows . Once adjusted , this headlight gives you hands free concentrated light just where you need it . Most computer wires are in dark places -LRB- under desks or behind cabinets -RRB- , with this you can see the color of the wires and where to plug them it . I have had this headlight for almost a year now and it is still working well .
 I have purchased this product several times from several places - things get stolen or broken in construction . The rubber strap works pretty well on hardhats -LRB- as designed -RRB- until 3-4 months later . Then it gets a little dirty on the ` softgrip ' pad , and tends to fall off the hard hat.I 've never used the strap that comes -LRB- as a bonus to me -RRB- for use on the bare head.The light lasts a LONG time on one LED usage , and on any setting is plenty bright with new to mid life batteries .
 I agree that the strap should be a little stronger but the light is bright and clear . The only time I could n't aim it where I wanted it was when I was working overhead , though I suppose I could have just put in on upside-down ? I like the three settings for brightness and I especially like that it uses AAA batteries and not some of the more exotic -LRB- expensive -RRB- sizes that other lights require .
 This headlamp is comfortable , bright and well made . A very good value and I am very happy with it !
 For my purposes , which is working on my model railroad , this headlamp is a huge plus . What more can I say ? Well , I can say that on a late return route of a hiking trip I put it on and it was great for lighting the path ahead.I want to point out that I wear bi-focals and when doing close-up work I had to tip my head back to my shoulder blades to get the proper alignment . Not good Tonto , get bad hurt . The answer ? I bought a pair of drug store reading classes of the correct power and it worked perfect . I carefully selected the Septor and very glad I chose this model with the LED 's and the 3 light levels.Charlie Bickel of Pueblo West , CO
 It 's a real pain to tie that Palomar , Blood , or even Trilene knots in the dark . Sure , it can be done -- but there is also that risk of putting the hook in your finger!During the summer months I do a lot of night time fishing and this thing has saved me rigging time and kept me fishing ! Not to mention this is very useful when camping , working on your vehicle , or even general use around the house.This light is not TOP quality but good enough for your average Joe . You ca n't beat the price or the use you 'll get out of it . Buy it !
 i bought two of these for two of my sons -LRB- ages 5 and 6 -RRB- and they love them ! i also can not get my 16 and 13 year old sons to leave them alone . i bought these quite some time ago , they are still working and surviving in a house with four boys ... i had to give them 5 stars . i 've not even had to change the batteries yet . my kids like them a lot .
 Light has a slight annoying blue tint . Battery life is great . Durable . Adjustable . Bright enough for most jobs .
 Working as an H.V.A.C. installer for many years , we find ourselves in tight , poorly lit or , pitchblack areas ... alot of the guys drag around a heavy 18 volt battery worklight with them which in my opinion , is retarded because of the sheer weight of the light ... not to mention , you have have alot of tools yu 're dragging with you as well ... a couple of weeks ago , one of our helpers let me borrow his headlamp -LRB- this exaxt one -RRB- and , I was in complete disbelief that I had not ever considered buying one ... it 's bright , lightweight and , keeps your hands free to work ... I 'll never part with this light ...
 Bought this headlamp on a whim and so glad I did . Used it recently when power failed in a lodge we were staying at . Several folks at the dining table borrowed it in turn to make their way to the restroom . I use it to read in bed at night . The various settings for positions and light intensity work very well . Highly recommend this product .
 Purchased this headlamp after my Ray-O-Vac unit broke at the swivel point , tried repairing to no avail . The Streamlight 61052 with three light levels is beefed up at the swivel point , hopefully it will last longer than the Ray-o-Vac unit . what they sell now does not compare . The low level light works well as did the incadesant on the old one , I had LED lamps that were so bright they made it hard to read motor nameplate data because of the reflection . The beam throw is better than I thought it would be as proven when walking through the woods at night . The highest level although it reduces battery life is rarely used but good to have if you need it . I would highly recommend this tool for all types of service personnel and serious DIY'er types like me .
 I knew for years I needed a `` headlight '' , but as I saw the frustration of others , and my own , I did n't think there was one that actually shined where you looked ... and stayed put on your head . This light is great for light level adjustment and comfortable , and SECURE mounting . Suits my needs and then some ... . My co-workers are jealous ... but then they all bought `` cheap ones '' . Good product !
 Fits on head securely . Comes with extra band . Light on the head . Can be worn for hours . Many Aviation Techs wear these at work . Batteries last a long time and changing batteries is a breeze . Very well made . There are some other types out there that are lighter , but changing the batteries is a pain . Some other types almost break while changing the batteries . Buy it .
 Very nice heaqd lamp that works great . Has several settings that makes it really bright . Unit comes with 2 head straps that fit well . Depends on how you need to mount lamp . Highly recommend .
 After a week of use , here is my impression :1 -RRB- Three levels of lighting made it a great power saver .2 -RRB- Elastic straps are easy to adjust and fit all head sizes .3 -RRB- Angling light is very easy and handy .4 -RRB- It 's very well worth the price compared to other similar merchandises on the market .
 LIGHT LIGHT . AS IN LIGHT WEIGHT . AND ALSO VERY BRIGHT . I 'M A NIGHT WORKER OUT IN THE OIL FIELD AND IT IS SO COMPLETELY ADEQUATE FOR THE JOB . IT 'S EASY ON BATTERIES . IT USES THREE TRIPLE A 'S MAKEING IT VERY LIGHT WEIGHT TO WEAR . IT HAS THREE BRIGHTNESS LEVELS THE FIRST ONE BEING MORE THAN ENOUGH . THIS IS A GOOD DEAL . I 'VE USED IT ABOUT SIX MONTHS NOW . WOULD N'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITHOUT IT . I GUESS I 'D BE FUMBLING AROUND IN THE DARK .
 Love the white light of LEDs . Love the 3 level light switch to save battery when not needed . Everyone should have one of these !
 This product is absolutely perfect -- just what the doctor ordered . I may purchase another one to keep in my car for emergency roadside work as it keeps both hands free .
 this is a very bright and versatile headlamp works very well and is very rugged . would recommend this headlamp to anyone .
 A best product for Electrician/Technician and Mechnician.it gives 100 % satisfaction.easy to use and no defect . i recomend to all friend to buy this product.it gives
 I have been working on gutting out homes after Sandy 's Wrath . Many of the basements do not have electricity and I needed a good headlamp . I started out with a less expensive one , but it was n't bright enough . The Streamlight is wonderful . Today I was in a basement and I was able to see all around me and then some . I did n't think I would need a $ 32.00 headlamp - but you get what you pay for . This is a real tool .
 Everything they said it would be . Very bright , not cheaply made . I liked that the head strap wad a t strap it stays on better while hiking etc. .
 I bought this product because I am a venturer person and my mom too . She needs the headlamp because she works in the backyard with with your mini farm and sometimes she needs go out to feeding your animals and this product was perfect for her . It has three levels of light intensity and the most strong es very very good . I recomended this producto and of fact I will buy one more for me !
 From Husband 's wish list . So far so good . Fits all heads ... adult and child . The light is nice , lightweight and bright .
 I gave this as a gift and the recipient absolutely loved it . I am planning on getting another one for someone else .
 Something my husband mentioned he 'd like to have , the headlamp was a surprise present for Christmas . He loved it , so I do , too .
 This was purchased for my son in law for Christmas to aid in fixing the fire in his outside furnace . Think it will work fine .
 I 'm older and adeptness and eyesight are not what they were . I needed a way to have two hands available and to have a well lighted field of vision . I picked this unit after some research and I give myself a pat on the back as it has performed exactly as I hoped . Unfortunately , I had opportunity to test it when I lost an electric circuit breaker . The unit provided exactly what was required
 BEFORE IT WAS VERY DIFFICULT TO WORK ON MY STEREO EQUIPMENT , NOW MY HANDS ARE FREE AS I WORK ... !!!
 Very satisfied with this product.Use it at night to check under the hood of my vehicles.Works very well ... bright enough for my purposes .
 This prodykt vere good . I do n't have a problem with this product.I recomed this product for my frends.Ivere happe.Thank you vere mach .
 Helps a lot , now I do n't have to hold a flashlight to see in the dark spots
 Unit came in a reasonable amount time , and was packaged well . Appears to be well made . I have not used yet , but it feels as if it may be a bit heavy on my head . Has a good feeling switch , and seems to throw a good pattern
 product looked good ; came well-packed . Will see how it is received by my daughter for Christmas .
 This light really comes in handy when working under the kitchen sink.The light is on a swivel so you can point to the correct spot where you are working .
 I have used the Streamlight Trident Super-Bright Head Lamp to walk my two large black dogs at night . It provides light where I could not hold a flash light . It was also useful to focus light in small areas when I was building my home theater computer . The light can be tilted down and is easy to adjust and wear .
 I bought one each for my two brothers . They were the guinea pigs - now I can buy myself one . It lights up very bright with three different settings . My one brother owns an orchard and travels overseas and does n't know why he bothered getting along without one of these . It extends the length of his day . I have used it in my attic - and with vaulted ceilings - it is very useful .
 This product arrived on time and well packed from Amazon . It is much sturdier than the last one I bought from another source . It 's easy to use and comfortable on my head . There are three light strengths , yet surprisingly the highest setting appears to be lower in intensity although it spreads the light beam over a wider area . The straps are well constructed and easily adjustable . It also includes the over the head strap to keep it from sliding down your head . I did not give it five stars only because of the high beam intensity .
 I 'm not sure if my use for the headlight is how others use it , but it works great for me . I am a weaver and I often need good light in and around close corners on my loom . It works great . The light is strong , the battery is still working after many hours of use , it is easy to adjust the position . My only issue -LRB- small issue -RRB- is that the rubber headstrap still has a fairly strong rubbery smell . Other than that , I am completely happy with the product .
 Gentlemen : Outstanding product . In the mine we usenickle-cadmium battery last 10 hrs per charge.The normal light cots $ 460.00 . This product is much brighter and just a fewdollars . very very good!I liked the way I was treated when UPS droppedthe ball.Thanks Bart
 I have to disagree with the description of this headlamp . I ordered thisheadlamp , and it has 3 LED bulbs , and 1 xenon bulb.I love this thing . I have tried a few types of book lights , and this is byfar the best solution . I find I can read a book just fine in total darknessusing just one LED . I do n't use the Xenon , it drains the batteries faster.I 'm using rechargeable NiMh batteries , and I 'm getting about 20 hoursof use per recharge.I find the head strap to be a little tight , but I wear a large hat size.As far as using it for caving and he likes it a lot . Thats the best I cando as far as this use of this lamp.No matter what you use it for , it will all most certainly do the trick for you .
 I recieved this headlamp about 10 months ago and wanted to get in some good tests before reviewing . I love it and would recommend it to others.PROS :1 . Snug , comfortable fit for many head sizes , does not slip around2 . Bright -LRB- has 3 settings -RRB- , wide lit area , best in a camp of 5 avid backpackers3 . Very battery efficient4 . Light and durable enough for any trip.CONS :1 . This light beam seems a bit unfocused compared to others , and the focus is not adjustable . On the flip side , it illuminates a larger area than others I 've seen .2 . You have to cycle through the power settings to get back to off .3 . Light can be adjusted to point in several angles , ranging from straight ahead to at your feet . I prefer straight ahead and sometimes found it slipping -LRB- about 20 % of total range of motion -RRB- towards my feet .
 I am an avid night-time snowshoer . I had this old head lamp that served its purpose in providing light , but the small joint that held the lamp at certain angles for use soon lost its taught properties . I had to walk holding the light facing forward or else it would shine straight in my eyes.While debating whether or not to use duct tape , I simply decided to try out different head lamps and to be sure that I avoided the problem I had previously . I went through two more head lamps before I found the Streamlight . Not only did the three light settings serve me better in the dark , but I finally found a head lamp that does n't bounce when I walk . The Streamlight clicks into the angle you would like and stays there . No more holding my headlamp as I 'm gallivanting through the dark!The three LED lights combined with the bright spotlight meet all the needs of the night-time snowshoer . The single top strap is also one of the features of the Streamlight that I really enjoy because it holds more of the weight of the head lamp so there is less slippage when I decide to run or be acrobatic . There is also a comfortable forehead pad that makes wearing the Streamlight without a hat more convenient . The on/off button is easy to find , and it only takes 3 AAA batteries.I have been extremely pleased with this product and its simple yet user-friendly features . It is also great for campers , mechanics and under-the-cover readers .
 Got this for my father-in-law who is in HVAC . He loves it . Says it provides great light and is reliable . He also has a pretty big head and says it fits him very comfortably .
 With out a doubt the best and handiest tool I ever purchased . It leaves your hands free to work , and no more trying to hold a flashlight and work with one hand . Evey one needs one around the house !
 I use it for all of my repairs at home . Battery life is very good . Light is very good . Grip on the head is good .
 I use this head lamp everyday on my job so it does get a little abuse . My only complaint is the plastic end cap that holds the battiers in cracks and breaks and I have to find some other rubber cap that I can place over the end to hold the battiers in . Most of my coworkers use the same head lamp and we all have the same complaint .
 I used this headlamp for CERT training , and the rubber strap it comes with holds onto a hard hat perfectly . Being able to switch from a long range xenon bulb to the short range LED lamps came in really handy . The rest of the time it lives in my emergency kit with the fabric straps on it . The fabric straps work well , but they only adjust on one side which can be a little awkward if you have to really shrink them down for a small head .
 I have had one of these and used it on a roughneck kind of job for four years . I bought a replacement only because mine was in a tool bag that was stolen . It is completely waterproof . It seems to be impossible to break . It is comfortable . It is extremely bright . It has a long battery life when using LEDs . It comes with a strap for mounting to a hardhat . What else could you want ?
 After reading the reviews , I was a bit nervous about ordering this as a gift ... so instead of having the item shipped directly to the recipient , I had it sent to me so that I could check it out first.Big waste of time/energy
 This Lava Lamp looks and works like the Lamps that I remember from years ago . Size is just about right for a table lamp or desk top .
 Lamp was nice , but shipping time was too long . It came a week after birthday . Probaly will not buy from this company again .
 Great Lava Lamp . Works well . Just be aware they do run hot , so watch the kids .
 The item works great and was a perfect fit for th spot I had . Well built and easy to use .
 Item was not packaged very good . Only a card board box . Item was not damaged and works as I expected .
 I just put this hose reel in the trash after almost 10 years of constant use . My only complaint was that it was lightweight which made it wobbly and tippy when the hose was mostly out and made it difficult to begin reeling when the hose was fully-extended . Otherwise , it held up well , kept its finish and color , and gave us 10 years of reliable use . Maybe the newer model is not as well made as ours was ... This could explain the terrible reviews .
 Multiple functions with this showerhead , knob seems to be well made , and the extension stretches pretty far with almost no effort .
 Excellent product . I love the handheld , but want a fixed shower also . With this good looking product , you get the best of both .
 A nice tool box at an affordable price . I have no complaints . I knew the imported wood and conctruction would not be as nice as my dad 's 1948 Gerstner . It is hard for me to justify the cost of a new USA made Gerstner , but this imported product allowed me to get a very servicable wooden tool box .
 While I have no doubt that the American made Gerstner is superior in quality , I have no complaints with this one . I like it so much , I ordered a second one for a gift just minutes after it arrived . I intend to use it to store my coins , pocket knives , and other collectibles . How can you beat $ 100 plus free shipping ?
 This is a quality product , it is well thought out and easy to use . I like the fact that I can lock my tools when I must leave them , easily and securely . The drawers are a perfect fit for all the small tool used in watchmaking , and it looks very classy .
 I do n't know why I like knockoffs of these gerstner tool boxes , this is the 4th one I have bought and the nicest one.This is not however heirloom quality like the american original.the construction is not a replica but simply produced overseas.Many aspects of it are streamlined or changed to appeal to a different cliental with different needs , and slighter budgets.Though this box mimics the original appearance , and is solidly and nicely built , one should not expect it to be kicking around the planet 30 years from now after a wonderfull career carrying heavy delicate and expensive tools from here to there through hard knocks thick and thin.It is however IMO well worth the price tag , and if treated well within its obvious limitation , should serve the owner well.I too am pleased with this purchase , though I agree that those who expect a american made gerstner would do well not to venture here .
 2 days -- Fast ship
 This is a beautiful work of art ! Wonderful craftsmanship ! Intelligently designed ! This will be something to pass on to children and grandchildren some day . It is beautiful enough to display in the living room yet durable enough for real use . I was n't sure about spending all that money , but now that it 's here , it is worth every penny ! I 'm really glad I spent the extra for this !
 This is a great staple of my cichlids ' diets . They like it and it is priced very reasonably . Only problem I have with ordering over the internet is that the medium pellets are quite large . My fish are 2 years old and the pellets are still too large for a couple of them . I would say for any fish smaller than 4 inches long , the small pellets are the better choice .
 In my 55 gal tank I have a large Oscar , Jack Dempsey and 3 Red Hook Silver Dollars . After a long time of feeding them flakes and clouding the tank -LRB- more than it needs to be -RRB- , I switched to these pellets and have no plans of going back . Even though my Red Hook 's are n't cichlids , they devour these . My Oscar and JD love these pellets and do not like to share . I 've also noticed considerable growth and more depth in color after switching . I like the fact they float and not get wasted . Definitely will try other Hikari pellet foods in the future . This is definitely a quality item !
 He loves it so much that he eats too much and ends up vomiting most of it up again . The packaging is of high quality and the &#34; zip-loc &#34; resealable portion does not break like it has on all my cheap Aqueon and Wardley food packaging . My severums and loaches also love this stuff !
 My cichlids seem to like it . The size is a bit big for the smaller ones , but when they soften up , the little fish can handle them fine .
 I was looking for green food for my oscars because the orange food dies the whole tank orange.My local store does not carry the green pellets , only the orange . I recieved my package very quickly and it solved the orange tank problem . Great product and great seller , I will be ordering from them on a regular basis !
 The description says this product is the large pellets , but the photo is of `` baby pellets '' ? Which is it ? I love the brand but want to make sure I 'm getting the right thing .
 I 've got several cichlids , most of which like the Hikari food , my oscar likes it the most . I 've bought this several times . seems pretty good .
 Very nice chest . The build quality is excellent and it is a great looking chest . I 'm not sure though if you would use it as a tool chest or more as an organizer.What keeps it from being 5 stars in my opinion is the price . It seems a bit steep for what you get but overall I do like it.The lid is spring loaded -- meaning it will pop open when you unlatch it . The information that came with this chest recommend holding the lid down as you unlatch it as to not cause damage . The front panel will not open when the lid is latched shut -LRB- the mechanism which `` locks '' the front panel is spring loaded and is what will cause the lid to pop open -RRB- . As you can see from the photos the front lid opens to reveal many drawers . The drawers are not of uniform height . The bottom drawers are taller than the shorter width drawers in the middle . The one exception is the tall middle center drawer.The top compartment has a decent amount of space and is also the tallest container.Anyway , its a good chest , not too heavy . The price would be my only complaint .
 Nice item that was purchaed for the wife . Typical Chinese construction that was evident as the construction tolerances were not as tight as the American unit . It will do the job and no tears will be shed for the first dings .
 Great Wrench . Smooth and crisp feel . Opens more then 1 '' 5/8 . puts Cresent To Shame
 I had been looking to buy a used Gerstner on-line in which to store my gunsmithing tools on my workbench . They were pretty expensive and some not in the best condition . The International series is not of the domestic quality of a $ 600 new chest , but only slightly more expensive than a used domestic made chest . It is more than adequate for my needs . It is a nice tool chest with a good finish and fit , that looks professional on top of my bench . I made the right decision .
 The chest was absolutely beautiful ! The construction was solid and very well received . I would highly recommend this item !
 This works great . I needed a new way to secure my backdoor after I installed a doggie door . It was very easy to install and cutting it to the size I needed was no problem . The little lock that comes with it is a nice addition .
 As with most of my Amazon purchases , this was a bargain compared to my local home improvement stores . I bought two of these for my sliding doors after I realized how unsafe the locks on them were . Yes someone could still break the glass , but with this bar down and locked they are n't getting the door open.Installation is a bit in depth for your non-handy types . It requires you to cut the metal bar to fit your door , so you 'll need a hacksaw or some kind of metal cutting device . Sawzall would be overkill here but would do it . Not sure if a Dremel would do a good job but it would probably get it done . No matter what , measure at LEAST twice and cut once - if you cut it too short you 'll waste the whole kit so be careful.My doors had a recess channel on the vertical edge that the bar receiver was to mount to . The width of the channel was exactly the same width as the bar . Since I was cutting a few inches off the bar I cut a two inch piece and drilled holes through it , screwed it to the door , then mounted the receiver to the bar . I think I might have sprayed it with some white paint to cover the bare metal too . But it was an easy fix fortunately since the kit did n't accommodate for anything than a flat surface on the door.In any event these are fantastic . I feel much safer knowing that when these bars are locked those doors are n't opening , either for a thief coming in or my kids trying to get out by the pool when I 'm not looking .
 I like the simplicity of this product . And it is made well , not cheap or sloppy , as with so many things today . Takes 5 minutes to install it on your patio slider , and you are all set . Drill a few holes , cut the bar to length - all done !
 Works just fine . Instructions are not very clear with the parts that are given . Luckily , I was replacing another identical one and was able to copy the hardware . The bar was easy to saw down to size with a cheap hack saw .
 We have seven patio doors and two large sliding windows . The previous owner had broom sticks in the door tracks for security . These bars were easy to install and much easier to use than bending down and prying the broom stick out of the track.You will need something to cut the bars down to size . We have a circular saw so the job was easy .
 Better than having to bend over to pick up a 2x4 everytime you want to open the door ! Tucks away nicely too .
 Straight forward install , looks good , all parts necessary are here . Mine came a little bit bent , so it 's a bit wonky , but not bad enough that no one notices until i point it out -LRB- like a dummy -RRB- .
 Took all of 5 mins . to install . Had to make one cut with the saw but that was not a problem . Fits like a glove and works great . Saved me about $ 65.00 for a locksmith to come out to my house and do it for me . About time somebody figured out a system that the local home owner can do with out having a professional coming out and milking them .
 I had to cut ours down to fit but other than that it was fairly easy to install . I put ours on the inside against the door rather than on the face of the door . It looks better and is more secure .
 Secures my sliding door perfectly and feel secure in my house at this time . Very easy to install and fully adjustable to any sliding door .
 it was strong ; easy to install ; and matched the finish of the door so it worked great.Could have been a little thicker metal for added security but O.K.
 My brother installed this for me . Seemed easy enough , all he had to buy was a different size drill bit . Took minimum tools for installation . Whole job was finished in about 20 minutes . I feel more secure knowing the security bar is on . I think it would also make for lower insurance premiums , although I have n't inquired about that .
 We needed a security bar and the wood stick stuck in the bottom of the sliding door by the previous owners of our house just did n't cut it . This is an easy to install , discreet and nice looking product .
 Used this because I put a doggie door in my sliding glass door so I can no longer use the lock in the handle . It installed easily came with all the hardware , only downside is the chain that the little lock came on broke after about a month because it was made out of cheap material but I just re-attached with a piece of string , no big deal , for the cost i can live with something minor like that .
 purchased this product as additional security for sliding glass door . It arrived in a very timely manner , was a great product to install . Was easy to install and now gives us additional security in case someone wants to break in . Of course they can always break the glass . This bar prevents them from having any wiggle room on opening the door . Highly recommend .
 simple to install , easier to use . no more bending down to the floor to place a 1x3 in the door track.shipment arrived on time , exactly as stated when ordered.would not hesitate to order from them again if needed .
 I LOVE THIS LITE IT FITS GREAT ON MY TABLE WOULD BUY ANOTHER IF NEED BE I AM SO BLIND
 I was skeptical when I purchase this product ... low expectations . Am I plesantly supprised ! This guage works exactly as stated in the instructions . The fine tuning adjustments are perfect , and it appears as though the materials used to make the guages are very durable and will last for years . I had to let my siding installers go , and pick the job up my self . This tool made my life easier and removed a trememdous amount of stress over the siding job . `` Wish I 'd thought it up ! `` Great tool ... worth every penny .
 I just finished a 14 x 16 storage building and my HOA required Hardi-Plank siding . I 'd worked with Hardi-Plank in the past , got frustrated and switched over to vinyl half way up the first wall . My wife kept after me to get some help with this project , but we were experiencing 100 + degree days and I did n't want to make someone feel obligated to help me . I started on the wall with my doors so the boards were not a full 12 ' , but this allowed me to get comfortable with the Solo Sider . I had completed about three rows and I lamented the fact Solo Sider was not around when I worked on the first building several years ago . Working with the full 12 ' boards was a little tricky at first , but this was due more to their flimsiness and not the Solo Sider . I quickly learned the optimum distance from the ends to set up the Solo Sider and the rest of the job was literally a breeze . They are sturdy , accurate and I never once felt like a board was even close to falling off . This was very important when I was at the top of the ladder and had fought the wind and ` floppiness ' to just get a board set up . Loved them and would recommend them 100 % to anyone who asked .
 solo sider works great and is made of robust materials . Really simplifies siding installations by a single worker . Note that this product sets the overlap , not the reveal , so if the siding itself varies in width -LRB- as some other reviewers noted -RRB- , so will the reveal . So check the reveal and adjust solosider accordingly if the variation bothers you .
 I was looking for some adjustable siding guides since I 'll be siding my garage and shed . I 've used other brand guages before and they work pretty good . I like these because they hang down from the topsheet and not under the buttom sheet like some of the others I have used . This is very flexable to fit all sizes of reveals . Good product .
 Great little product ! I was worried about doing the siding by myself with no one to help me , this product was a real life saver and nearly took the place of another person . It worked really well once i got the hang of it . The Directions should state state however to put the half moon side up and rest the siding on the ark not the flat side ! once you make this mistake and nail the siding up you have to take the siding down in order to get the soloSider out for the next piece of siding . -LRB- After figuring this out it worked like a charm . Hint put the tool two foot from each end and put two nails first near the center area and then remove the SoloSiders and then finish nailing the siding -LRB- this makes it a whole lot easy tor remove the tool.Well worth the money .
 My husband & I have just finished -LRB- Ta-Daaaaa ! Bump ! -RRB- siding our house with Fiber-cement Certainteed Siding . He made a set of wooden tools because we could n't find any affordable ones . Then we bought Solo-Sider . According to my husband -LRB- and my eyes -RRB- we sided in 1/2 the time up to 24 feet off the ground - just him up on the wall . - | | | - Hi , I 'm Jim -LRB- aka
 IN THE PAST MY WIFE WOULD HELP ME INSTALL THE HARDI PLANK SIDING . EVERY TIME YOU GET IT SET AND ARE DRIVING THE FIRST NAIL I WOULD HEAR '' OOPS , IT SLIPPED . '' DOES THAT MESS YOU UP ? '' WELL THOSE DAYS ARE OVER . I PUT UP OVER 400 SQUARE FEET OF SIDING THIS WEEKEND BY MYSELF . LOVE THEM !!! IT WAS SO EASY , AND WITH THE ENCLOSED MEASURING TABLES IT WAS REAL EASY TO CHECK AND MAKE SURE THAT YOU WERE RUNNING TRUE . WENT AROUND THREE DIFFERENT DOOR WAYS , AND THEY ALL CAME OUT PERFECT AT TTHE TOP . I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THE OLD WAY . SHE 'S FIRED !!! GREAT PRODUCT !!!
 These things are amazing . I purchased mine several years ago and resided my entire house with Hardi Plank . I would recommend these to any home owner who is taking on siding by him self or even with helper on ground cutting and handing up the planks .
 as advertised . It is lightweight , durable , fully adjustable , and easily removed . This is the best of the siding `` 3rd hands '' that I 've used .
 This tool is exactly what you need to install HardiPlank siding by yourself . I have been using it for over a year with excellent results , always working solo .
 Excellent product . Easy to use and keeps the siding level as you progress up the wall . I am working on siding at a second story level and these tools allowed me to put up the complete wall by myself . I would reccomend this even if you have help , these make it easy .
 I had previously purchased several other brands of siding gauges , but they would either not fit my LP SmartSide -LRB- which is slightly thicker than James Hardie -RRB- , or they would not adjust to fit my siding width ; which is 12 '' . The SoloSiders ' were exactly what I needed ; and more . They fit my LP SmartSide perfectly , and they not only fit my 12 '' wide siding , but were adjustable for about any reveal you would want.On top of that , you can `` fine tune '' that reveal up/down to get just the exact height.They are simple to use and very well built and have a great website to demonstrate just how to use their product.I had a slight problem with mine and the folks at SoloSider responded extremely quickly and remedied the situation in a couple days . Their customer service was fantastic !
 As a home owner , putting up a lot of Smart Siding on a project , this was a very big help . Easy to set , easy to use . Seems very well made . Follow the simple instructions and it really is easy to use . Only word of caution is to always remember to reset to desired reveal . If you leave it in the release position and nail the siding , it is almost impossible to remove . Only did this once on 1,200 sq ft building but it was a problem .
 Live in coastal Oregon , home of the 70 + mph winds and crazytrain storms in the winter and huge amounts of rain . The Adair dolts who built my house a few short years before did not bother to use a vapor barrier of any kind behind the cheap wafer board T-111 and 2X6 's . -LRB- Pretty classy work , those Warrenton Adair fellows from the 1990s . I hope they are enjoying the ~ $ 250 or so dollahs they saved by not putting any 30-weight on the walls . -RRB- Their savings means rot is my companion . Not my friend , but my companion . Until I get done repairing Adair 's incompetence , that is!Received and could not believe I paid 50 + dollahs for these small items . The booklet , though written by an American , was written like written by a Made in China item . -LRB- Not to sound like a snoot , but why ca n't American companies either LEARN English or hire someone to write proper English ? -RRB- Had to put up 26 ' wide by 25 ' feet tall wall of siding , almost by myself . HOWEVER , once the project started , these Solosider things ruled . I used the twist-dial adjustment features only for the first few rows . After that , I always manually measured down from the previous row of siding just laid -LRB- used a full 2 '' overlap -RRB- , used a 1 ' manual level kept in the back pocket of coveralls , and used these SSrs simply to hold the siding in place prior to fastening . But for that function the Solosiders paid for themselves . Easily . Why ? Up to ten feet , I did the siding by myself . Measure , cut , lay , anchor . These things allowed me to set the siding piece up and fasten it without needing another person . Above ten feet , my wife cut and handed ; I laid and anchored . I was the only person up on a wall platform 26 feet wide by 25 tall and did the whole laying , anchoring , measuring by myself . She cut and handed up . YEAH BAYBEE !! My skinny lil ' Princess and me laid a ROYAL SMACKDOWN on that wall , making it right!One wall down , anchored tight , lookin ' good . Many to go . Heck , in another few years to a decade , I 'll have all Adair 's mistakes fixed and can sip some lemonade out back ... Highly recommend these handy items .
 I purchased this tool to use on Hardi HZ5 fiber cement siding . I like using the adjustable feature of this tool . These work well on longer sections of siding but on shorter sections of 4 feet or less they are difficult to remove . One needs to be a little careful during use to avoid damage to the lower edge during tool removal . Do this by rotating the cam away from the lower edge , not into the edge . I use the Solo Sider in conjunction with a set of PAC Tool SA902 siding gauges . The PAC Tool gauges are a lot easier to remove and work well when the reveal is consistent from bottom to top . The Solo Sider works extremely well when the reveal has to be adjusted or when the reveal is inconsistent , together they have proven worth the cost .
 I was a bit skeptic on this type of installation tool . At first I was n't sure if it would live up to the claims , plus I thought it was a bit overpriced . After my first use I must say they are as easy to use as they claim . At the end of the day I was also thinking that I would buy them again for that amount . They really are great at making fine adjustments and they make siding allot easier . I even found them useful for smaller sections to help hold the siding in place while getting the other side started -LRB- yes , not using a nail gun ... -RRB- . It is as close as you can get to growing four hands . If your going to be working with siding buy these you wo n't go wrong . Another big bonus is that they are American Made ... ! Thank you SoloSider .
 Excellent tool if you are installing clapboard -LRB- hardiplank -RRB- by yourself . You will still need to climb ladders but it gets the job done correctly .
 the solo siders worked great for me , I 'm able to hang siding by myself now . What I like is the adjustments you can make to adjust the siding up or down . I should have gotten something like this long ago
 I bought these because I did n't have anyone to help me with a small siding project , and they work perfectly . There is a short learning curve , but after that , they are great !
 These are a life saver for siding with fiber cement . We are using them everyday and really make a huge difference in our ability to hang the siding . I would purchase them again for something like this . The shipping of them was awful as they were sent USPS and we do n't have a mail box . I ended up ordering them directly from the company , who was GREAT to deal with .
 This product is outstanding - I could not have been happier with there help installing cement siding . They allowed me to install all my siding -LRB- two stories -RRB- without having to hire a helper . Try them you 'll love them . James
 Wow , who ever thought this up was really thinking about the single person doing the job . This was a life saver and cool tool.Thanks , Tom
 The Solo Slider is better than a hired hand.This is one of the best toools I have purchased since I purchased my GPS . This is my first time ever installing siding . This tool made it fool proof . I have guys coming and asking me who installed my siding . They tell me it looks better than the professionals that did their house . I think with this tool I just may go into the Hardi siding business . Buy it you will not be disappointed . After using the Solo Slider I would pay $ 200.00 for it now that I have used it , and know how well it works.Jimmy
 When I did my first fiber cement project about 4 years ago I was working alone and looked at several different options of tools to use for holding the siding . I decided to give solosider a try . I 'm a building contractor and have tried tools that sound terrific when you read about them but end up stuck in the basement . I 'm always skeptical about new tools when I get them but this tool performed beyond my expectations . After I got the first row installed level I was able to run many courses and they held true . When I had to make a slight adjustment to relevel it was simple to do since you can make a small 1/16 '' adjustment with a twist of the dial . I was extremely happy with solosider .
 This is a nice tool . There is a bit of a learning curve , but if you do a lot of siding that 's not a big deal . Occasionally you 'll want to check the level of your courses - not because of an error with the tool - but because specs on the fiber cement is not perfect . Super Saver shipping went out US postal service -LRB- after over 1 week , it still had n't shipped -RRB- . Ordered again with shipping via UPS and it arrived in two days .
 I am a general Contractor and have been licensed in California for almost 40 years.Over the years I have owned almost every carpentry tool imaginable . I have always been able to improve on the retail version of tools I have purchased until -- I bought these absolutely delightful helpers.They are perfect examples of how to design an application specific tool . Simple almost indestructible , versatile and extremely easy to use.The day I received them I took them to one of my job sites and handed them to 2 of my carpenters . They have limited experience running Hardi and were having some problems with the inherent inconsistencies of the product -LRB- boards will vary 1/7 '' in width randomly -RRB- , very easy to get off line and difficult to adjust reveal by ones self.I gave my guys a 3 minute tutorial on the use then stepped back and watched . With in 5 minutes they were perfectly comfortable with them . By the end of the 1st day -LRB- about 3 hours -RRB- there production -LRB- boards on the wall -RRB- had nearly doubled . !!! I certify this to be the BEST product for it 's intended purpose ever made . Try a set , you 'll be glad you did.On a side note - I have read many reviews here and on ebay , it 's easy to spot phony and intentionally misleading `` testimonials '' ... the truth is try a set for your self.Regards to all ... Richard CokeCa Lic # 320379 -LRB- that 's right low 6 digits -RRB- ... Northern Ca Coast ...
 I bought these to help me replace the clapboard on my house and have found them to be a huge help . I 'm doing the work myself and these things have saved me umpteen hours . The best feature is the adjustability . Since I 'm replacing the siding I 'm simply mimicking the original spacing between courses , and of course that is never exactly 4 '' . So , I bring over a 16 ' span , place them in the hooks and then simply dial the things up or down until the spacing matches the marks from the original clapboards that I transfered to the new corner boards . Nail one corner and then slip the things along as I nail behind them . Presto . Great product , and very nicely made . Solid and expertly crafted . Worth twice the price .
 Bought Solosider to install Hardie siding on the back wall of my daughter 's house . I had done the front without the Solosider and decided to give it a try . It made the job so much easier and more accurate . Minor adjustments could be dialed in with the tool and handling the planks was much easier . Solid and well built . Accurate . I highly recommend Solosider .
 Works very well . I was able to hang siding up 20 feet by myself using two of these . No issues . I cant imagine doing this any other way after using these .
 Having run Hardie Plank on several previous jobs , I was looking for a solution to having only two hands . I bought a new siding gun and saw these listed as ` also bought ' . I , as most pros , do n't like plastic anything . Plastic wears out . Quickly . That said , due to a few positive reviews of this product , I bit the bullet and got them . After using them for a few days , I can say these pay for themselves in the first hour you use them.There are plastic parts in this tool but they seem as durable as can be . In the future when I bid a job , I am going to plan to allow for a new set of these . They seem to be lasting fine on this current job . Bottom line
 purchased solo sider , used it on siding . Love it . It works just great after you use it a little ... 2 minutes
 I am rermodeling my house including putting up 12 '' masonite . I work alone -LRB- I am cheap and do n't want to pay a labor -RRB- and simply could not put up 16 ' lengths by my self . If they were twice the price I would get them again .
 I purchased the SoloSider on 4/27/09 . I was very skeptical on how this worked . I own a Machine Shop and am building a new shop which requires 500 pieces of hardie board 81/4 siding . I built my own gage out of 11/4 steel straping to get the 7 '' reveal . I was all ready to return the SoloSider , but thought I would try it anyway . This Tool REALLY WORKS ! The SoloSider inventors really did their homework . Thanks for a GREAT tool . -LRB- PS I was a general contractor in the early 70 's -RRB-
 Larry Haun 's article in Fine Homebuilding -LRB- Feb/March ' 08 -RRB- put me on to this wonderful time & frustration saver.A description flub on my purchase confirmation -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- was quickly and cheerfully cleared up with my phone call to Isabel -LRB- the `` Mom '' I trust , of the Mom & Pop operation which manufacturers this inventive helper -RRB- . And , speedier than expected for the US Postal Service , it promptly and correctly arrived just a couple of days following .
 Whether working alone or with a someone and you do any amount of siding at all , this is an invaluable tool to have in your tool box . The ability to adjust incrementally enables anyone to do a top-notch professional level siding job . I 'm purchasing another pair for my next siding project and will use them side-by-side for hanging multiple side-by-side horizontal panels in a course to increase productivity even more .
 This is the best new product i have use in many years i highly recoment this item
 IN WORK PERFORMANCE ; THIS PRODUCT LIVES UP TO HIS CLAIMS . IT DOES THE JOB IT WAS CREATED TO DO . MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE INFORMATION DISCRIBING THE PRODUCT WAS MISLEADING IN NOT MAKING CLEAR THAT EACH ORDER CONTAINS TWO OF THE PRODUCT . THEREFORE
 What a time saver ! Hung 12 foot pieces 15 feet off the ground solo!Very well built . Clip them on the already nailed siding pieces and place the new piece of siding on the Solo siders , adjust alignment & nail . Once you get in the swing of things it can go quite fast and these free up your hands to nail comfortably . One thing to be aware of is to remember to re-adjust the Solo siders from the 12 o'clock position -LRB- remove position -RRB- to your desired reveal position before nailing otherwise they are hard to remove after nailing . Glad I found them before starting my siding !
 I own both the SoloSider and the PacTool gauges . Both have their advantages . -- the SoloSider is more versatile -- the PacTool is a bit easier and faster for simple runs of standard exposure -- the SoloSider will work when you 're siding above a deck or other obstruction , when you ca n't get the PacTool under the first row -- the SoloSider holds the plank more securely than the PacTool , no slipsYou do need to stay alert , and be aware of which `` o'clock '' position you 're on at all times , or you will put up a slanted plank.If it 's in your budget , buy both . Otherwise , consider what your normal work is , and buy either the simple PacTool or the versatile SoloSider , as appropriate . They are both good tools .
 First a little bit about myself . I 'm very old-school and I hate change . I am the type of person that gets angry when Hitachi changes the color of their nail guns and I am willing to spend money on good tools so I do n't have to buy a replacement down the road.I was almost certain this tool was going to disappoint me . I mean it 's bright green and has plastic parts which seems like a sure recipe for disaster . I figured I 'd buy it based on the positive reviews and I could always return it to Amazon if it turned out to be worthless crap.Now that I 've used the SoloSider I have to say that it 's one of the best purchases I 've made during the past year . I used these gauges to put up several hundred square feet of 6.25 '' Hardiplank by myself . The design is simple and elegant . It 's trivially easy to adjust the reveal to within 1/16 of an inch . Set up time is super fast and the gauges hold the siding very securely while nailing.In short , this is a great tool . If you are fretting over the decision between this and the Malco gauges I 'd strongly suggest you give these a try . I 'm sure you will be pleasantly surprised .
 I picked up this tool to help me side my home alone . It is easy to use and make the minor adjustments you need to make your job line up nicely . I found it saves a lot of time and I did n't have to put two nails under every piece of siding to hold it in place . The solo sider holds the siding nicely while you check the end alignment and the level . It even comes with a handy set of charts so you can set the lap fit your space .
 I have a 60 year old beach cottage with tongue and groove wood lap siding . I decided to reside the cottage , adding insulation and housewrap to improve energy efficiency and decided to use 8.25 '' Hardie plank . I can perform almost any DIY task around the home but have never taken on a project of this scope . With 2000 sq ft of siding , insulation , housewrap , all new window and door casings and trim - I was a bit concerned.These Solosider are the most amazing tool I have ever owned . I can not imagine hanging siding without them . They make the job almost idiot proof . Allow you to hang every board perfect - any length - any hieght - without the help of a second person . No need for scaffolding . You can also use them to make up for `` out of whack '' walls - adjusting up and down 1/16th '' to make an even width board at last row.I cant beleive they are not stocked at every Home Depot and Lowes across the country or that James Hardie has n't bought the company who makes them and sell them with every job of Hardie Plank .
 I used the soloSider in combination with a qual-craft pump jack/work stand combination and sided a 1400 sq ft , 2 story garage by myself with no problems . Could not have done it without them . They show up on time every morning , you dont have to buy them beer . Fantastic product .
 I do a lot of tasks around my house by myself and was struggling with the installation of Hardi planks . These are wonderful and allow for adjustment to maintain level boards and to keep the siding on one side of a door frame to match the other side by making minor adjustments . I use a torpedo level and also began to predrill a 1/8 '' hole before nailing . This works really well when installing over foam insulation board as it tends to absorb the impact of hammering and makes it quite challenging . Now , a piece of cake . I also purchased a nice 12 '' fiber blade for my mitre saw , also recommend one of those too . Save money by doing the project yourself , save frustation by using these tools .
 I bought these to patch some hardboard siding after installing some new windows in my house . Wanted it hard to tell there was any patching at all so tore back the old siding all the way to any joints . This left me with some long pieces , 16 feet , I could n't hold by myself . After looking around , decided these were my cheapest/best option . They did everything I needed . My overlaps varied quite a bit some times so being able to adjust board to get exactly line up was really helpful . I have 12 inch wide hardboard planks with anywhere from a 1 inch to 11/2 inch overlap , some of my pieces were 16 feet long and I had to wedge them under another row of already installed siding . I ca n't imagine one person having to handle much more than that and these things were the only reason it was possible . Perfect little tools to assist and they are priced very reasonably .
 I found this shopping for a nail gun on Amazon and saw that working alone it was the best solution to hold the planks . What really sold me was that it adjusts to less that 4 '' exposure which is what I needed . Works simply and is very accurate and repeatable . With two people one was cutting and with this one was hanging and we had a very even pace and got a lot done quickly . Greate product .
 These are very simple to use just like in the instructions . They have held up well on my project . I 'm a total novice and the learning curve is quite shallow . The results I 'm getting are fantastic -LRB- I 'm 3/4 done with my whole house -RRB- . I would recommend , nay insist on these to anyone doing cement siding . It 's an extra set of hands that never move the plank . I would caution any other novices that solo siding is a bit of a stretch . Do n't get me wrong it is do-able ; however for me , it was slow going . On the weekends with 1 or 2 helpers the project really took off . The $ 35 bucks was absolutely worth it .
 I am NOT a builder . I sided a 3800 sq/ft modern box home * ALONE * thanks to these things . I had a friend -LRB- that took these from me when I finished ! -RRB- show me how to start and turned me loose on my own ! I do n't know how to say how great these little things are ! My home is VERY contemporary and straight lines are manditory . With these guys that was NO PROBLEM ! I was able to adjust up and down to match butt joints and keep full plumb on every board ! I would leave board up two stories when my nailer would jam and it stayed . . ready to go ! -LRB- watch out for wind gusts -RRB- Thesze are a must have for ANYBODY that hangs Hardiplank . Thanks for making them !!!
 WOW ! These things are fantastic ! I purchased these to side my new home . I am building the house alone so anytime I can get a third hand , it is nice . These absolutely allow me to install the siding alone . I have just completed the first wall -LRB- 28 feet wide , 30 feet to the top of the peak -RRB- and it has gone without a hitch . I would not install siding without these , even with a human helper .
 These made hanging the siding a breeze . No more measuring and marking the overlap then trying to hold the board in place on the measured line while trying to check the level then nail it . You can dial the width of the overlap you need . Place the solosiders on the lower board and just set the next board on the hangers it holds the board in place easily while you check the level and if it 's a little off level you can turn the dial left or right to lower or raise the board while it is being held in place by the solosider . Then just nail them in place . If you forget to take the solosider out before you place the last nails you can take it apart to get it off . But it only takes a couple of boards before you get completely used to them and know the best place to hang them and to remember to take them out before you nail right beside them .
 this is a must buy if you are a DIY builder/remodeler . I used it with 91/4 x 12 ft fiber cement siding . Well built and sturdy . Adjustable gauging works great . buy it .
 Well made and easy to use . I ca n't imagine doing the job by yourself without one . I put up 10 square of fiber cement siding by myself and this tool was a must . As a hobbiest this was my first time siding a building and this tool kept my work uniform and easy to manage .
 These things work great . I 've tried 3 other gauges/holders for Hardiplank , these are the best and the only ones that allow for incremental adjustments up and down while the siding is on the tool . This is what you need if you are doing a re-side here and there as you have time -LRB- like me -RRB- and have to match up with the old siding when you are done . The reveals on my original siding vary by 1/4 '' from row to row , this tool allows me to not only side by myself but to match up with the old siding perfectly . I love this tool !
 Really speeds things up . Two of us working on a siding project , one can make the cuts while the other hangs the siding . Just remember not to nail completely to start , and re-drive the nails to keep tight .
 Great for putting up cement siding by yourself-these have more than paid for themselves !
 I bought a couple of these based on its favorable reviews and the fact that I have never put up siding in my life and needed all the help I could get . The contractor who is helping me -LRB- technically I am helping him -RRB- was somewhat skeptical , but he quickly grew to like them , especially when he was working alone . They work just as advertised and give you a perfect overlap each time . Sometimes they 're a little difficult to pull out from under the siding , but you 'll quickly learn not to tack on your board so tight that the SoloSider gets stuck .
 I purchased the SoloSider tools some time ago in anticipation of using fiber cement siding on a remodeling job . I starting using them today . Someone should get rich -LRB- and probably will -RRB- for having this idea . I normally work alone , and this product makes it possible to install the rather cumbersome fiber cement lap siding solo . I do n't know how they will hold up over time , but so far this is a great product .
 I just finished installing 2200 sq ft of James Hardie siding on my house and garage by myself . Is this the perfect tool ? Not really ; you have to be careful it does not change adjustment if you shift the siding around , you must leave enough slack in the row you are nailing in order to remove the tool easily -LRB- do n't nail too tight before removing -RRB- , and remember to calibrate correctly -LRB- only adjust downward with Hardie siding or you will expose the nail line -RRB- . In spite of these drawbacks I shocked my neighbors with the quality of my finished job . This from a person who could never get better than an average grade on a shop project . I am practically incapable of measuring , cutting straight , leveling , or plumbing anything even though I have the knowledge to do so . I am book smart , and mechanically challenged . These tools and the Hitachi jigsaw blades were the best things I bought for the job .
 Sweet tool . I figured it was cheap and a small risk in the overall cost of my house . I am about 1/2 way done putting up fiber cement . This tool is awesome , it keeps every piece perfect and it 's so easy to use . I have had some offers for help but have n't needed any help . While the tool will not error , there are some precautions to take to avoid operator error.I have found that when you seat the tool , you need to make sure it 's seated securely or your board may stand up slightly . This is done just by giving it an extra tug downward when setting it on the previous piece and taking a quick peak at how it 's seated . Also , it needs to lie flat , I left it at a slight angle a few times and wondered why my board was n't level . Those are the two easy errors to make and not catch quickly.There are some other errors to make but they are easy to spot right away , like not turning the dial back to the right setting after you 've removed it . You 'll noticed right away that the reveal is n't correct or if just one is set wrong the board will slant.It 's so simple to use , I had never sided anything in my life and I am doing my whole house with these . Another bonus is that you can make fine adjustments very simply.One last side note , I am `` thrifty '' so I just used a cheap framing blade and cut a lot of fiber cement with it , it worked just fine . A lot of dust when ripping starter pieces but not unbearable . I switched to a $ 20 fiber cement Diablo blade and the thing cuts like butter . I have not tried an expensive blade and I wo n't either since I am halfway done and both cheaper blades worked well.Snap a level line to start and away you go with this tool . I love the fiber cement and the tool and would n't use anything else .
 These little tools are a life saver when installing siding ! Perfect board placement everytime , all are straight and level !! Anyone who is planning on installing hardiplank needs these tools . This makes the installation of siding a one man job , in fact it is easier than two . No worries about holding the board level , no marking of each board etc. for the price they are unbeatable .
 This tool is almost too easy . With the slightest attention to what you are doing , you can easily hang Hardieplank siding . The overlap is perfect every time . My self-done siding job looks better than my neighbors professionally done job . They had three folks with a level and ruler , it was just me with the SoloSider . I was able work quickly and accurately , no way could I have done this myself without this tool .
 I just put lap siding on my 10 x 12 shed with these . I did it by myself with no problems . They work great . Well designed and good quality .
 First of all , I have never put any siding up before . I saw this item when I was purchasing a nail gun . My project was to replace the lap siding on our house with Hardiboard . When the SoloSider came in , I looked at it and read the directions and did n't really understand how it worked . Went to their website and watched the videos . Day of the project , had a neighbor help me with the first board and then used this item to do the rest . It was a 22 foot long wall and I did it in about half a day by myself . I am assuming a pro could do it quicker but any item that allows someone with my experience level to do it without any help is great .
 Using this product allowed one person to cut while the other installed the siding . I would n't put up siding without this tool . Made all the difference in the world .
 i bought these for a job after having installed hardie planking without them . they make it possible for one person to hang siding . they let you adjust each course to level or to work one end of a run higher that the other to match up with pre-existing course variation in old work . i had to match up to 5 '' aluminum siding on an older house but the 5 '' varied a little on most courses . the solo siders allowed me to match up to that variation so the addition looks like its always been there . i could not have done this without them . if you 're hanging hardie board you will find these useful even if you have a helper .
 I just re-sided my whole house using these gauges . I never could have done it without them . I was working alone , so an extra set of hands -LRB- gauges -RRB- came in handy . Very satisfied . I would highly recommend . They are well worth the money .
 I purchased a ton of the Gladiator Garage Works merchandise and the biggest drawback is the price of their items . This basket is great but way too smal for many uses . They need to make much larger baskets and ones of metal . There is nothing worse than trying to git stuff in them only to find ot wo n't . Until they make bigger baskets , I have to take away a start from the review .
 I purchased the set because the price seemed to be very good . Later I saw what appears to be an identically packaged set at Target under their brand name for only $ 9.99 . The set is adequate for most uses and I have n't had to use it where bolts were frozen or needed incredible force.The sizes of the five wrenches are n't listed in the description , so here they are :7 mm/8mm 9mm/10mm 12mm/13mm 14mm/15mm 19mm/21mm
 Fuller has been around for years and is associated with quality tools . I purchased these wrenches and have not been disappointed . You could expect to pay $ 40 or more for these type of wrenches from other good names . Wrenches carry a lifetime warranty , though I do n't know easy this process will be . I use these for light mechanical work like brakes , oil , and general repairs and they function perfectly .
 Well , these are definitely the lowest price ratcheting wrenches that I could find . I 've been wanting a set for years now , and now I finally have one.These wrenches are not the best in terms of construction , however , they are quite strong . They are also quite effective . I would have liked to know what sizes come in this set , but they were not listed here . So , here they are :7 mm + 8mm9mm + 10mm12mm + 13mm14mm +15 mm19mm + 21mmThese wrenches are simple enough to operate , and low cost enough to not worry about losing them.I have a mechanic friend who tends to borrow tools without remembering to return them . At this price , I might just purchase a set for him.In short , I 'd definitely recommend these for someone who does n't own a set . Just keep in mind , these are far from Craftsman quality .
 great product for the price . Ive used them a few times and they have been working well for me . I would buy again if i had too .
 Overall quite good , especially for price payed . Solid , though rather clunky . Appear they will last for a long while . Better edges on ratcheting pieces gives better close nut grip than on others I have tried
 All is well . I give this product 4 stars because the ratchet lever is a little wobbly . Not something to worry about , per se . It could have been made a little wider for aesthetic 's sake .
 Tool for any hobbyist , saves the wrestle over holding the parts , of course additional accessories needed .
 This is very nice design for holding all the Panavise accessories that go with it . I currently am using mine with the circuit card holder and it makes the work so much easier . One note ... inside the vise is a little bent metal disk that presses against the one side of the clamp when you tighten the handle . If you crank down a little too hard , it will break this piece , but you can remedy the problem by taking the unit apart and putting a nickel on either side of the clamp halves . Problem solved and it actually centers the clamp in the opening as well . Highly recommend these Panavise tools
 I bought this in conjunction with the Panavise 381 vacuum base vise so that I could have the option of putting the &#34; head &#34; into a base that was more or less permanently attached to my work bench for jobs that required just a little more stability than that provided by the vacuum base -LRB- as good as the vacuum base is -RRB- . It works GREAT ! And , I am pleased to have the flexibility to use either the vacuum base or the permanently &#34; screwed down &#34; base .
 The vice makes working on PC boards tons easier ! I also love the versatility , with interchangeable parts . I 'll probably buy another head , to aid in slightly heavier work .
 This is the second base I have for my Panavise items . If you have n't used one before you do n't now what you are missing . I work on electronic items and with the proper attachments it makes kit assembly much easier.This is a quality tool and will give you years of service . My other one has been in use for 30 plus years .
 The Panavise has worked beyound expectations . I woodcarve and having stationary work , yet moveable is very important to the artist . I would recommend this product to any wood carver or hobbyest . With the addition of the # 337 Fixturing Head , the task of holding materials is at its best . I have been carving for over 40 years , my shop is now complete .
 As a woodcarver this vise made it easy to carve a project and not having to hold it . This vise can be positioned as needed in the right angle . Better than other products I have seen .
 I am a High in Hobbyist and Collectable enthusiast and the PanaVise system has become an important tool in my home . I am very happy with Panavise .
 Product arrived on time , was packed well and was exactly what I ordered . 5 Stars . I use this product to do finish caulking between metal or glass and any building surface such as stone , metal or panels among others . It is extremely useful because the bend in the blade allow you to hold your hand in a perfect position to make a caulk bead with no blemishes . This is for unusually large sealant joints because 2 '' is too large for most correctly sized caulk joints .
 They are rather expensive , but these nails are superb . The galvanizing is very thick and consistent . The nails do n't jam , and mine arrived all intact in collation and undamaged . Using these nails will require you to reducing loads by 10 % according to Simpson because they are 1/2 '' shorter than the 10d nails they specify , but frankly the time saved is well worth it .
 Purchased at the request of my husband , for use with a nail gun . Difficult to find this type and size , but happy to discover that they were carried by amazon , and could be shipped for reasonable shipping fees , given the weight .
 Exactly what i needed for work , the pail shelf is big enough to hold a rolling tray without problems . A handy hook on the top allows my cordless screwdriver to hang in place without falling offIts sturdy and stable . An excellent tool at a great price
 Just what I was looking for . Came in good condition . Shipping was cheap .
 Need a fiberglass ladder because you are working near power lines ? This is a good one . Very sturdy , and lighter than other choices . Add the snap-on stabilizer , and the leveling kit , and you have a fully rigged ladder . It does take a bit of mechanical skill to add the leveling kit , but otherwise this is a great ladder .
 There is nothing wrong with this ladder except the price . I beleive that it is one of the best but I saw one at Wally World , different brand , same material and same rateing for half the price .
 Very expensive , but it also does what is says it was going to do . Very stable , plus the 8 ' is ideal . It is worth the extra .
 Werner makes the best ladders and I am so glad I ordered this on line . The product is constructed so well . So much better then the old wooden ladder I had . Next year I am buying their step stool . This is a wonderful ladder that I need for my painting , changing the light bulb and I know I wo n't collapse since I am a little overweight.I would reccomend their products to anyone and although a bit more expensive then the ones at Walmart you will have this ladder a life time .
 This ladder is sturdy and tall . We use it to change lightbulbs in our cathedral ceilings . It is very heavy and difficult to move around though , given its sturdiness . It was hand-delivered .
 I have multiple ceiling fans and lights that are too high for even a 10 foot ladder . This 12 foot ladder is perfect for accessing and cleaning these fixtures . As usual Amazon was very good at having this delivered to my rural area .
 Ladder is replacing older aluminum unit . Most of the time , newer products today are of lesser quality and substance than older ones ; not in this case . Ladder is superbly constructed , heavy-duty , was shipped intelligently and makes me thrilled I finally acquiesced and purchased a replacement . Well worth the price -
 This ladder is terrific -- I am a heavy guy and this ladder is solid as a rock underneath me . The top has handy slots for tools and paint too . I had originally bought a Little Giant but returned it because it was not at all comfortable to stand on . It also was n't anywhere near as sturdy or easy to use as this ladder . All-in-all , if a 6-foot ladder will meet your needs , you ca n't do any better than this one .
 The ladder works well and is all I had hoped for . My only disappointment was when I saw the identical ladder at our local Lowe 's for an equally low price .
 For around the inside of the house , this is the perfect size . The ladder is easy to maneuver , and very stable . We also use it to climb into the attic opening in the closet ceiling , where it 's necessary to stand on the very top yellow step . It 's rock solid.Arrived without a scratch -LRB- via FedEx -RRB- .
 You all know this ladder , and I 've had it 's older and six-foot brother in the garage for twenty years . And that 's where it mostly stayed . This one , at four feet , is much handier around the house ; easier to carry , and better looking . Small improvements have been made to a really good ladder . Why get a blue or green ladder when you can have an orange one .
 Great ladder.Price was about the same as big box stores but it was delivered to my house for the same price.Need to purchase a 6 ' Werner next .
 We have 10 ' ceilings in the house , and the 6 ' aluminum ladder always seemed too short and too flimsy when I stood near the top - not a safe practice I know . It is a little heavy to move around , but it is sturdy as a drilling rig .
 My husband is thrilled with his new ladder -- his old one had become too rickety for him to use . He says that now he wo n't feel as if he might fall when using a ladder is needed . He also likes that the ladder is rated for more weight than his old one . I appreciate that the ladder was delivered very quickly after I ordered it .
 The ladder performance is well covered in other reviews , and fully met my expectations.However , the ladder shipped &#34; as-is &#34; . No packaging , boxing , padding , nothing . I got home from work , and the ladder was just sitting on my doorstep . It was not damaged , thankfully , but very disconcerting .
 exactly what i needed . perfect , durable , inexpensive . very sturdy and good for indoor or outdoor applications.would highly recommend product .
 I only buy Werner ladders -LRB- IA -RRB- and they never disappoint . I would recommend them to anyone . 4 more words required
 I received the ladder in a timely manner it works great . I would recommend it to anyone who needs a sturdy ladder .
 Pitiful hardly describes the packaging around this ladder - basically they put a couple of nylon straps around it and some corner cardboard on the edges and out the door it went - well , UPS is not exactly the egg delivery man and as such it arrived pretty scuffed up and some minor damage to one leg . I took photos and sent them to Amazon and they gave me a 50 % discount - FAIR ENOUGH ! This ladder will be scuffed up soon enough from regular use but I always thought it would be us that did it - not UPS ! Seriously , I think this is drop shipped from the manufacturer since it takes 2-4 days for it to even ship - but they really need to step up their game and at least wrap this thing in heavy duty plastic to minimize the scuffing and keep the cardboard in place -LRB- more than half of it was missing by the time it arrive at my home in VA from TX . -RRB- Got ta love Amazon though - they made it right and I appreciate their not even flinching on this - I was ready to send it back if they had ... but as usual they did the right thing !
 This ladder by Werner is easily the best ladder I 've ever owned ! The construction show a lot of forethought -- internal pinch proof spreaders , `` traction-tred '' steps and even a space for a medium size paint can on the top rung of the ladder ! Excellent!Moreover , whenever I position the folded up ladder up against a wall or any other surface I always get the sense that it will stay . This could be mostly due to the strong rubber pads at the very base of each leg of the ladder . The steps of the ladder give you the sense that as long as you 're careful you wo n't fall off the ladder , either -- great!Although this ladder seems exceptionally sturdy , I would not put more than 275 or even 250 pounds of weight on it -- just to make sure it holds the weight well . If you need a ladder to hold more weight Werner or other companies make other ladders for just that purpose.In addition , one more caveat
 How I got it for the price I did will forever remain a mystery , but even at regular price it 's one VERY sturdy ladder , and will certainly outlast ME ! Seriously - Werner makes VERY good ladders , and this is easily one of their best - the new system for attaching things to the top shelf should have been standard on ladders a CENTURY ago.I have ordered two of the bucket/caddy items for the top shelf already , and will review those separately once they arrive - here they are : Werner AC54-JC Lock-In Job CaddyWerner AC52-UB Lock-In Utility Bucket
 We are very happy with this ladder purchase . It is very stable and is easily lifted from area to area . Also , we were so surprised to receive it so quickly . Super service . Thank you !
 The ladder is actually 16 feet in length to allow you to go up 12 feet . While it is not super lightweight , as a 5 ' 3 '' woman , I could manage it . I finally got all those apples off the top of my apple tree!The price was excellent . My local hardware store sold the exact same model for $ 60 more , so with the free shipping , I saved money .
 The ladder seems fine , but I had it ordered , waited a month , and gave Amazon the okay that I was still interested , then got an order cancellation a day later . I complained to customer service , and they told me to re-order it and said they would cover shipping as as an apology for the wait and cancellation . I followed their instructions , but was still charged shipping , with no refund later . So , I got the ladder i wanted , but am annoyed to have had to pay over 30 bucks to ship it .
 This is especially a great ladder for use _ inside _ the house . The sturdy high-impact plastic molded top is better -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- than a metal top , because if you bump walls or furniture while carrying the ladder , you 're a lot less likely to cause damage . In addition , the thing is well-built and extremely durable . By the way , I do recommend adding the Werner `` pail shelf '' , as that enhances the ladder 's usefulness .
 I own two of these ladders , and they have work well for me . They are very stable and easy to move . I also like that you are not grounded when you do electrical work .
 Really like this ladder it is easy to use light weight and strudy . Shipping was fast and reasonable . give this A + + I bought this from Amazon .
 The step ladder was just as stated , light and wonderful . Better than my old wooded ones ! Great price and free shipping !
 I received this item yesterday ... and I was VERY impressed by the fact that it 's built like a brick house!It is heavier than you might expect - but I consider that extra heaviness to be a good feature . It 's very stable and you definately feel secure when you climb onto it.I am really glad we ordered this item . In my opinion , this is an excellent ladder , and it is well made ! for a reasonable price.I ordered the assessory bucket with it - and the bucket does fit perfectly .
 Ladder arrived , but all four rivets were missing that attached the right front rail to the top platform ! I `` replaced '' these with machine screws/lockwashers/nuts and notified the Werner company of their quality control problem . Otherwise , excellent ladder .
 This is a great ladder , however , it is $ 20.00 cheaper at either Home Depot , or Lowes . I leave mine outside exposed to the elements ... no problem .
 This was a gift for my sister , who like me , is very short . She has used it already to paint her kitchen and she says it was JUST RIGHT .
 This is a good well made ladder . I would definitely recommend it to others if they are in need of one .
 I bought this for myself to do some minor repairs around the house Its sturdy , well made , and easy to use .
 In pursuit of repainting the interior rooms of our 1907 house with very high ceilings , we desperately needed a ladder to do the job and do it right . This ladder is sturdy -LRB- we feel secure when we 're high up -RRB- and easy to move from room to room . This ladder has also been invaluable with other home projects . The height is perfect for most jobs ! The best thing about this experience is that we do n't own a vehicle that could easily transport an item of this size from a bricks-n-mortar hardware store . Ordering this ladder from Amazon made the experience hassel-free ! Thanks Amazon !
 The ladder exceeded my expectations ! This type of ladder is the type for lightweight people -LRB- like me , being only 166LBS -RRB- , for paintjobs , hedge trim jobs , changing a light bulb , etc!This ladder is extremely light weight ! Lighter than an all aluminum one!The sides are made out of fiberglass , which is much like pressed cardboard , but a bit tougher.I would have given this ladder 4 stars , if it was n't for the good price -LRB- I got it for $ 58 -RRB- . My first impressions where the light weight , but also the rough finishing.At the bottom of the ladder there where some fiber optic pieces sticking out , which I could rip off the ladder like paper.Only on the edges where the ladder was mechanically cut.Another , the ladder is a bit flimsy , but certainly not less safe than any other ladder I 've been on for anything under 200LBS ! When opening the ladder , it tended to torque a bit , but once the 4 feet are on stable and even ground , not even 250 pounds can break it!The ladder looks nice , the green fiberoptic bars in combination with the plastic and rubber edges , makes it look a clean and fancy ladder!Mine had a black top , with a locking system for a fitting bucket .
 I own two of these green fiberglass ladders , and use them regularly on the job . They are good ladders . The difference between these and the blue version are the yellow plastic braces at the bottoms . The blue ladder has aluminum braces.I would own the yellow or orange , but they are expensive -LRB- I really do need them though -RRB- .
 Durable , sturdy , easy to maneuver . Not too heavy . I store this one indoors for in home uses . Sturdy and safe even on carpeting . Looks like limited ability to rust out - if at all !
 everything i could expect from a ladder , i fold it out , i step on it and it doesnt break . what else can you ask for from a ladder ? best ladder ever !
 My 1/2 ratchet 's gears started slipping so I bought this one because I had a Fuller that was in 3/8 inch . The ratchet has a solid and sturdy feel to it . I applied pressure that would have easily slipped the gears in my other ratchet . The ratchet performed flawlessly . I like the knob to change the direction of the ratchet . It is better than those wimpy little switches that can be accidentally moved .
 I purchased this towel ring to go in my kitchen near the sink . I have no other place to put a kitchen towel . I love the look and was excited to put it up . I must have messed up with installation a bit , because the ring moves sometimes and goes askew , but not too bad . Overall I am really happy . They look great and work well .
 Very easy to install and mounted very secure to the side of our vanity . The brushed nickel is of quality finish and should provide many years of service .
 I give the ladder a 4 . Keep in mind fiberglass ladders are HEAVY!Don ' t order this mail order . Plain old common sense I suppose , but I took a chance on Amazon and they ca n't guarantee the handling . The ladder arrived in poor condition.My spouse should not have signed for it , but did n't know what to look for . My own dammed fault . Learn from my mistake .
 This ladder was as advertised and will work fine . I debated getting a shorter one and wish I had done so . The ladder is pretty heavy and therefore difficult -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- to maneuver . I should have went a shorter model . I wo n't lower the rating because of my mistake .
 There is nothing wrong with this ladder except the price . I beleive that it is one of the best but I saw one at Wally World , different brand , same material and same rateing for half the price .
 This is a very sturdy light with an exceptional feel . The light emitted is extremely bright but in a diffuse manner . This does not produce a far reaching beam . Rather , it floods an area with evenly spread wide angle light . Much of the light is actually washed out when working near city street lights . Yet , in a truly dark enviroment , it floods a wide area with very impressive results . However , if a far reaching beam is what you desire , then your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 Fantastic flashlight . 16 bright white LEDs . I 've had mine for several years and do n't want any other flashlight now . I just began to experience a problem with the switch . Spent $ 80 on mine years ago . I have to see about getting it repaired rather than replaced considering the price tag .
 ONCE YOU 'VE USED THE TWIN STEP YOU 'LL NEVER GO BACK TO THOSE SINGLE SIDE STEP DEATH TRAPS .
 This is the best 2 ' step ladder I have ever used . I would not consider another . I use it every day in my window cleaning business .
 Do n't waste your money on any other 2 ' ladder , this one is a true 2 ' . I own multiple of these ladders since I have my own painting company and seriously would n't use anything else . This ladder is also very durable .
 ONCE YOU 'VE USED THE TWIN STEP YOU 'LL NEVER GO BACK TO THOSE SINGLE SIDE STEP DEATH TRAPS .
 This is the best 2 ' step ladder I have ever used . I would not consider another . I use it every day in my window cleaning business .
 Do n't waste your money on any other 2 ' ladder , this one is a true 2 ' . I own multiple of these ladders since I have my own painting company and seriously would n't use anything else . This ladder is also very durable .
 I ordered the ladder and received it 24hours later from FED EX . The shipping was free and shipping scheduled not to arrive for approx . a week . It came without a box to my door . It was secured with heavy bands and arrived in perfect condition . It is light-weight . I immediately set it up to change batteries in a smoke detector on a 9 foot ceiling . I am 5 ' 2 '' tall . It has the shelving on the top to place needed tools etc. . Absolutely perfect for my needs and just amazed at the speed of arrival . Thank you Amazon for your service !
 i like and was free shiping.cheaper than buy in the store and hard time to carry home .
 I purchased this ladder because I was sick of using a 2-step stepstool or trying to balance on my taller bar stools to hang curtains , clean fans or blinds etc. . Perfect for a homeowner or apartment renter that does n't want a huge ladder.PROS
 The best thing about buying a ladder online is not trying to fit it into the car.This is a pretty basic ladder . You stand on it and reach stuff . It 's lightweight and easy to move around . I have n't tested its 225 pound limit , but it holds a 180 pound person without feeling like it 's about to collapse or anything ...
 Not suitable for heavy work , but well-priced and perfectly OK for light duties . I use it mainly for fruit picking and pruning and it 's fine for that . Also reasonably stable on uneven dirt surfaces.Well worth the price .
 Great for carrying up and down stairs . As long as it rest on solid footing -LRB- same for any ladder -RRB- it is sturdy enough for general house maintenance . I weigh over 200 pounds and it supports my weight very well . My wife -LRB- quite a bit lighter weight -RRB- uses it and feels safe on it . Seems to be well made from light weight components . Looking forward to years of use here .
 I needed a ladder to get in my attic crawlspace . This does a perfect job . Very easy to use and light to carry all over the house . Also used it to hang lights outside , was very stable . Amazon did n't package it very well by just throwing a trash bag around the feet . I guess this is why FedEx did n't want to just leave it sit outside ... So be prepared if you order it .
 Ladder will easily support 225 pounds . Similar items were selling for much more at the local hardware stores . The fold down shelf is great for painting .
 Light enough for a petite woman like my wife and yet feel steady to stand on the top of the ladder .
 Very durable for an aluminum ladder , it 's not one of those cheap flimsy ones that feel like they 're going to fall apart . I went with the 6-foot model and am very happy with it .
 very strong ladder . Thank you . The cost is good . I like the shelf that can be flipped down to put a pail on it . And the steps are solid . Since I do n't weigh too much i am not afraid that the ladder will topple over .
 A great ladder -- just the right size and weight for me . I hope to be able to use it for many years .
 just as represented , sturdy , right size for the job I had in mind . Easy storing in small area and not unsightly
 VERY GOOD HOME OWNER LADDER . A LITTLE STIFF TO OPEN AND CLOSE . HIGHT IS PERFECT FOR CEILING 'S 8 ' OR LOWER .
 Very functional and does just what a ladder is supposed to do . This was a gift to a friend and they seem happy with it .
 It is not as sturdy as I would like but I am not a heavy person and it serves it 's purpose for me and it is light enough for me to carry by myself .
 I wanted a ladder that was dependable and not so heavy . This ladder meets my needs . Product is excellent and price was very reasonable .
 I plan to weatherproof mobile home , which requires using transparent caulking at joint seems from top to bottom all around trlr . After that Im going to paint the home . This latter is just right for the job . I weigh almost 200 lbs , and with a paint can , ladder supports weight just fine . It arrived earlier than delivery time , which is great for me . It was wrapped in heavy , gray plastic which was easy to cut off . I took it in kitchen stood on it , wobbled it back and forth . I put stuff on the work platform . Everything works just fine . I stored it in my bedroom closet . I slid the door open and tucked in in . Fits perfect . Now I wo n't have to get cold , wet or dirty if I need it for indcoor work . Love this ladder !
 This ladder was exactly what I was looking for . I have an adjustable ladder but it is very heavy and as a Handyman it is hard to carry it in a home or carry it up stairs . This ladder is perfect , high enough to reach most things in a home and light enough to carry easily . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Now that my mother is living alone , she was very easy to buy for at Christmas time . When I asked for her list one of the things on the list was a six-foot ladder . Not only did I have the problem on how to get something that big to her house , but she also walks with a crutch so lugging around a heavy ladder would not be easy . When I came across the Werner 356 6 ' Household Aluminum Stepladder I knew this was the one for her . It is VERY lightweight and easy for her to handle with one hand , and she just loves the cup holder and all the extra little attachments , and I love the fact that Amazon shipped it directly to her house . After seeing it I had to agree with her , and plan to buy one for myself .
 Some weeks ago I got the 6 ' version of this Werner stepladder.I have used it several time -LRB- indoor and outdoor -RRB- . The weight is amazing . The stability for this weight is excellent . With my own weight -LRB- 215lb -RRB- I feel myself as on the Golden Gate Bridge.All features together -LRB- plus price -RRB- make this construction as 5 stars-true-brand-name item .
 I 've climbed nearly to the top of this latter , and it feels very secure . The shelf offers enough space to hold several items . Well worth the price .
 When my wife and I decided to do some painting in our house , we realized we needed a ladder to do taping and such on the high ceilings . Looking around for a while , we settled on this one because of the good price , decent reviews , and fast shipping . I have n't felt any of the unsteadiness that some other reviewers have mentioned . Does it shift a bit beneath my weight ? Sure . But not uncomfortably so . -LRB- On the other hand , I 'm used to clambering around on ladders , so maybe I 'm just used to it . -RRB- For the price , though , I 'd say this ca n't be beat !
 I needed a light weight ladder to do home repairs in my rental and in my home . The ceilings are 81/2 foot in down-stairs rooms . This is a life saver . . I especially like the flip down paint can holder which also has a 3-hole tool holder for your hammer , screwdriver or what your using . That is nice . Its the perfect height for reaching the ceilings to put up ceiling fans , paint trim , put up holiday decorations ... I have used this for so many things . . It was price right even with shipping it was under 70 dollars . Great ! Thanks .
 This is a great ladder . Lightweight and balanced . Very sturdy steps , and no wobble at all .
 This review is short ... this is simply the handiest ladder I 've owned . So very much lighter than the wooden 6 foot ladder I used to lug around . Being unused to using such a featherweight that at first I felt leary of its potential . But this ladder is sturdy & carries my 180 pounds with ease .
 I have been using these types of ladders for 30 years now and have never had a problem with them . As the other reviewer points out they tip over easier ? That is only if you are on uneven ground or lean over too far-this is the case for all ladders . Osha job sites do require fiberglass ladders and that is the only time I use them , I am a painter and need a tray to hold my paint and other tools , if you abuse anything you can break it . I have seen 300 lb people on 200 lb rated ladders without a problem .
 Had no problem with this ladder . It 's not industrial strenght but all I do is change out light bulbs . Works just fine for those kind of light activities .
 I bought this to do the renovation of my condo , and wanted to have a good strong ladder , it would last years , it had to be somewhat tall because I was doing the high walls and ceilings , it had to have a paint bucket stand , and also the holes to hold tools and brushes . This one has it all . It has somewhat soft rubbery grippy feet that look like if you took care would minimize scratches . This looks like it will work perfectly .
 This ladder is light , strong and has handy holders for tools and paint can and tray . I highly recommend for home use .
 This ladder is sturdy , yet light and allows me to get all of the jobs around the house that are high up completed with no issues .
 the 4 ft ladder is just what I needed for using on my camper . Fits just right in the pickup truck short bed . These are hard to find in the box stores etc. .
 I got this ladder to do some things around the house . I did not want to get any shorter than 6 foot .
 Picked this ladder up on sale for $ 19.76 at a nationally , well-known major Home Improvement Store just yesterday and although the prices are the same at Amazon and at the H.I.S. locally , H.I.S. had it online exclusively for under $ 20 ... Now , I will definitely get my monies worth over time simply using for home projects and so forth . If you are physically fluffy , your 're done here . That said , sturdiness depends on the load , and at max load . I 'm 206lbs and can barely feel the steps twisting , but that is normal for aluminum ladders . If you 've used an aluminum , you know what I 'm talking about . Most important , structurally - No Twisting and Swaying . This ladder maintains a solid footing . Here is my final opinion
 As usual Werner comes through with the quality expected and promised . This particular ladder fits the bill in so many ways that you really do n't think you ' r missing until you own one .
 For some reason , it 's getting hard to find a 5-ft ladder - this one is exactly what I wanted . It is as advertised , and arrived in good time and good shape . It 's a lightweight , sturdy ladder
 easy to move , store , and fold . This is very light yet very sturdy and strong .
 I wanted an everyday small ladder that was more sturdy than the typical step stool . This definitely `` fits the bill '' . Only gave it four stars due to the price . Should have waited . Big Box store had it for $ 22.00 on Black Friday . Oh well , still a bargain at the regular Big Box price .
 I am so happy to be able to change my own light bulbs and smoke detector batteries . This ladder is lightweight enough for me to drag outside for window washing . It 's now stuck in my outdoor storage shed after being hauled through a bit of mud . But that washed off easily . I like the little hole in the tray for pushing a paper towel through . Even though I am a bit on the heavy side , this stepladder is easy to stabilize . This is a keeper !
 This is such a handy ladder . I bought it to change lightbulbs in my tall ceilings , and I adore the two `` resting places '' for stuff . The fold-out shelf is perfect for holding lightbulbs , as well as drills , screwdrivers , paint , etc. . As I changed bulbs , I put the used ones on top and the new ones were on the shelf , so I did n't have to keep making extra trips up and down the ladder.It 's not heavy , looks nice , and the price was significantly cheaper elsewhere in person ... like , less than half of the price here . At that cheaper price , it feels like a bargain.It is n't the sturdiest-feeling ladder in the world , but I think it just takes common sense not to overextend yourself . It serves my purposes perfectly .
 Really have no complaints about this ladder . It 's a sturdy , well-made , lightweight ladder that does exactly what a ladder is supposed to do
 This is a great stepladder ! It 's strong , sturdy , and easy to handle . The tray holds paint cans , rollers , and other tools , keeping them within easy reach while you 're using the stepladder . The paint can hook is a helpful feature , too . This stepladder was a valuable tool for me when I recently painted the interior of my home . The stepladder feels very sturdy yet it weighs less than 20 pounds . It 's a good height - 8 ' - so it 's just right for my around-the-house projects . I 'm very pleased with this product !
 ... just go to your local Home Depot and get it for $ 63 rather than almost $ 200 .
 Geat ladder for a great price and delivery was on time.I was looking for a ladder that would be useful for my new home and this ladder is perfect for all my household needs.I have cathedral ceilings so this ladder is tall enough to install ceiling fans and it is big enough for most outdoor project as well .
 I 've had this for several years , and it has been very useful to me during that time . It has remained as sturdy as when I first got it , and has not become `` rickety '' or `` wobbly '' in the least . I do a lot of painting and the shelf is perfect for holding a one-gallon paint bucket or bucket of drywall compound . Holes in the top allow you to hang larger buckets or tools such as brushes or screwdrivers . The ladder does not slide around thanks to the rubber feet . I have two stepladders , this one and a 4-footer , and both are Werners . Recommended !
 This product is very acceptable for everyday use doing home remodeling , cleaning etc. . Reasonably priced for good quality . Obviously not suitable for a very heavy person .
 Heavy duty , well made ladder . I only buy Werner products now ! I like that it is sturdy but still light enough to lug around .
 You can get this ladder at lowes for $ 35 . They will price match Home Depot . All these ladders are marked up to look like you are saving . DO NOT BUY ON HERE .
 Ladder great -- arrived on time , wonderfully packaged , and meets all my criteria , as well as my wife 's . With it being so light and stable , I can now expand the list of jobs she can do while I am golfing .
 This ladder is very solid . It extends and retracts without hanging up . This is an size excellent choice for people with a two story home . It is light and yet very solid even when fully extended . If you are not sure if you need a 300lb duty rating consider your own weight -LRB- also consider what you may weigh in 5 years :-RRB- -RRB- plus what ever you may be carrying -LRB- shingles , tools , a bag of cement -RRB- . You wo n't be sorry your ladder is more than strong enough to handle the task . I also bought a levelerWerner PK70-1 Ladder Leveler with 2-Base Unit Attachmentsthat makes this ladder great on uneven ground or perpendicular on steps -LRB- stairs -RRB- .
 230 lbs , up 20 feet trimming palm trees , what is not to like . Solid . Delivered to my door and put in my garage , no sales tax , less money than the local stores . HD has got some learning to do .
 Good quality , good price , delivery as expected , ladder is heavy but easy to handle outdoors , leveling feet make it somewhat complicated indoors . Wish I had only bought the20 ft model
 What a great ladder , and delivered to my door . I am very happy with the ladder and Amazon !
 Even with free shipping and $ 50 off , item is $ 219 + tax at Lowes & a similar ladder branded `` Louisville '' is $ 219 + tax at Home Depot .
 Solid and sturdy , sharp looking . Certainly a professionals choice . Great for any job . A great general purpose ladder . It is not a heavy ladder to have to carry from location to location .
 Great price , and free delivery through Amazon was great ... no way could I have gotten this beast home from Lowe 's or Home Depot with my car.But my God , it is heavy , and difficult to extend if you 're your average couch potato like me . I bought the optional rubber grips for the ends ... which may be added to the problem . I tried extending up the outside wall of a cedar-side house , and the rubber feet did n't `` slide '' as I was trying to extend it so had to try pulling the ladder away from the wall while simultaneously pushing up the extension . I 'm just not strong enough to do this . I 'll try taking the rubber protective feet off tomorrow to see if that helps.I probably should have bought the 28 ' model -LRB- which would have been big enough for my use -RRB- but for some reason at the time I ordered , the 32 ' one was cheaper .
 I am extremely happy with this purchase . Not only did I save over one-hundred dollars by purchasing it at Amazon but they also delivered it to my door step for free . It only cost $ 309 and only took about 2weeks to get it . I tried purchasing this from other big vendors such as HomeDepot & Lowes and they wanted $ 349 plus $ 65 to $ 75 for shipping . Amazon Shipped it to my door step . I am so happy .
 It 's a nice sturdy ladder . Well constructed and due to the mass less subject to bounce as you move up and down the thing . I hate that bounce with lighter weight ladders . That said - best to have two people with a fair amount of mass and bicep strength to set this thing up as it weighs probably close to 80 + pounds ? Shipping weight is stated as 84.5 lbs . What 's nice is that it separates into two 16 ' sections as needed ; if you have the interior space you can link in both pieces on site which makes transport easier at 40 pounds segments vs. an unwieldly 80 lbs . Additionally , I 'll add the disclaimer in that I am no experienced firefighter , roof guy , or chimney sweep . So , my tall ladder experience is n't the best and that it 's probably wise to seek some professional guidance as there has to be more advanced tricks in deploying this thing . One suggestion already - do n't deploy this thing in a heavy wind . : -RRB- Back to strength . You 'll need some bicep strength to pull the extension up . The polypro line is slippery and you 'll need some gloves with rubber grips to get a handle on the slippery thing . Also , if your helper -LRB- like my wife -RRB- is under 110 pounds and lacking arm , or any sense of personal safety - best to get someone with experience to help you . When I finally needed to dismount the ladder off my roof and could not find my `` helper '' anywhere in sight I did manage as a 170 lb guy muscular guy , developed pythons to dismount , retract and put away the thing myself . However , it was n't without its scary moments . I do n't recommend solo practice with this thing unless you have a safety hat on and have paid up on your home insurance.At the end of the day - it is a nice , sturdy ladder which inspires a higher level of altitude confidence.X
 Werner makes the best ladders , I 'm very happy with this one . At this length it 's a 2-man operation to get it in place , though , I find it hard to move around by myself but is manageable if you have to .
 The product is accurately described in the Amazon.com description . It is long and weights over forty pounds . It required special shipment handling due to its size . The delivery was on-time and the ladder is great . I highly recommend the product and company to all .
 Dear Potential Buyers , Although there are a number of negative reviews regarding shipping , we just received our 32-foot ladder from Werner in TX -LRB- sold by Amazon.com but shipped from Werner -RRB- . My husband fully inspected it , and aside from minor , typical scratching for such a bulky item , this ladder is in excellent condition . Both ladder ends were packaged in cardboard , the inner extension was covered in cardboard , and the entire unit was secured with thick , plastic packing straps and 2X4 wood pieces.We live in Northwest Ohio , so the closest large freight company -LRB- CEVA Logistics -RRB- in Romulus , MI , delivered the ladder to us . I ca n't speak for other parts of the country and the quality of the local freight companies , but CEVA called to schedule delivery date and delivered on time . They were quite professional , and we are quite satisfied with the product and shipping experience.Now , we have to tackle the leaky roof ... let 's hope that goes as smoothly!Werner D6232-2 300-Pound Duty Rating Fiberglass Flat D-Rung Extension Ladder , 32-Foot
 Very stable extension ladder if you need to clean your second floor gutters or climb up on the roof . Best if used by two people due to it 's weight and length .
 three generations of my family uses Werner ladders and have never had one fail , bend , or break in the 40 + years that i have been using ladders . Ordered this one because i needed a new one for the new home i just purchased and needed to get up on the roof alot and got tired of borrowing dads . In my opinion these are the best ladders on the market .
 Bought this ladder to climb to the second story of the house . Was a bit concerned by all the negative coments about shipping but took the risk . Ladder came with no issues works great and was dilivered a promissed . No nicks or broken issues would definitly buy from them again . Best ladder made in America .
 The first ladder we received had several areas where the fiberglass was broken , making the ladder unusable -LRB- thus the 4 star rating -RRB- . We refused the shipment . The second ladder showed up in perfect condition . Ca n't beat the free shipping . And Amazon made the replacement easy .
 Very well made ladder . Very light -LRB- for it 's size -RRB- . Extending the ladder is very easy , extension locks never hang up . D-rungs are huge improvement over round designs -LRB- I do wish the rungs were a 1/4 -1 / 2 '' wider . -RRB- I shopped around alot before selecting the Werner and I felt they were very high quality construction . It has proven to be very rugged and dependable in use.Minor cons - The upper extension is located `` in front '' of lower extension so it is easy to miss the transition rung -LRB- I have marked the lowest rung on the upper ladder with red dyechem marking ink as a visual indicator of the transition point to avoid missing the step -RRB- . Note
 I like the solid feel of this ladder , and you can do electrial work and you are not grounded . I use it with the automatic ladder leveler , and quick click stabilizer . Both of which I think are very good , and would n't use the ladder without .
 I safely moved up in the world with this purchase ! It is an excellent quality extension ladder . Safely reaches to where I need to be . Better and safer by far than my old aluminum extension ladder that seemed to shift with every movement I made . I had an opportunity to try this ladder out when my neighbor offered me the use of his Werner extension ladder . I liked it enough to buy my own . I have since purchased theHeavy Duty Ladder Dollyand theGrippster Ladder Taxias a backsaving accessories . Now I can easily lift and roll the ladder to where I need it without straining my back . I also use theWerner Extension Ladder Coversand theWerner QuickClick Stabilizer . Werner ladders are sturdy and well worth the price ! ~ The Boss
 Ladder is very well built and handles as would be expected . No problems with functionality or design . The main issue is the manner in which it was initally shipped . While not damaged to the degree that it is n't usable , it does have a couple of gouges and scrapes in the fiberglass rails . Not what one would expect when buying a brand new item . The Werner company should probably consider some means of protection by perhaps wrapping the ladder in cardboard or some other material . When buying new items , customers expect to find the product in immaculate shape not such that it appears as it 's been used previously . Otherwise , what 's the point in buying new ? We 'd simply save some money and buy used .
 I am uses to using an aluminum extension ladder that is rated for 250 lb . I originally thought that I wanted to replace my existing aluminum extension ladder with another aluminum ladder because fiberglass is slightly heavier and I thought that I would not like the added weight . I bought the 20 ' fiberglass ladder rated for 300 lb . and I am amazed ! Aluminum extension ladders have a lot of movement in them when you climb up and down them . This fiberglass extension ladder is rock solid . It 's like walking up a stain case ! I will never own another aluminum extension ladder again !
 I bought the 28 ' foot ladder when it was eligible for Amazon Prime shipping . Paid the exact same amount from Amazon as I would have from Home Depot . But since I do n't own a car that will tote a 28 ' ladder from Home Depot , the Amazon Prime shipping was a no-brainer . I 'm glad I bought the 28 ' version for my home 's 20 ' roof . When accounting for the lean and the necessary overhang at the top , a 24 ' ladder may have worked , but it would have been close . I did n't want to risk buying something too short because I was n't going to be able to return it.The most notable feature of this ladder is that it 's deceptively heavy . I did n't anticipate its weight or its unwieldiness . Good luck propping this against the second story of your home without a helper . But it 's not the ladder 's fault that I 'm not a professional roofer nor a gym rat and therefore do n't have the technique nor the biceps to easily manage this piece of equipment . I gave it 4 stars because it 's sturdy and seems like it will last forever . I docked a star because of its weight .
 I knew this was the ladder I wanted . Could have bought it locally , but did n't have to pay for shipping or sales tax with Amazon . When the first ladder arrived , it was damaged and totally unusable . I refused the shipment and notified Amazon . The shipment refusal was verified and Amazon immediately had another ladder on its way to me . Second ladder was actually packaged better than the first one and arrived with no damage . I have had nothing but positive experiences buying from Amazon and will continue to buy from them . Ca n't beat the tax exemptions and their free shipping is awesome !
 I purchased this fan-driven unit to replace a static electric baseboard heater in my 550 square foot workshop . The unit performs well and is much more effective at distributing heat than the baseboard version . The quality of the unit itself is OK for the price . The front grille is the only part that shows and it looks pefectly fine . The product is made in the United States of America . The installation instructions are clear and easy to follow.Be advised that all units of this design have a noticeable fan noise . Also , this unit has a fixed wattage , unlike other more expensive alternatives where you can reconfigure the wattage . If you require an inexpensive unit that quickly heats up a fairly large space -- this is a very good option .
 We purchased the King 2000-watt electric wall heater for an 11 ' x 11 ' room that is not attached to our house . It is a powerful little heater that warms the whole room in a short amount of time . We added the T-Kit thermostat , which works well at regulating the temperature .
 The Werner Portable Workstand , is part of my tool inventory and has turned out to be a irreplaceable tool . Replacing small step ladders , saw horses , and fantastic for use as a low scaffold , by placing a plank between 2 workstands.Great for hanging dry wall ceilings.The extra ladder width allows you to concentrate on your work.All this , plus the fact that they are strong , light weight , and very portable .
 I needed a short stable ladder to for general purpose use on many job site tasks . I get a sure footing on any tread , even the wide double top tread , -LRB- although a warning label says not to climb above the first tread -RRB- . It 's lightweight , has a wide stance and works great as a saw horse to hold the end of a long board . I will probobly get a second one to span a length scaffolding across . It 's the ladder I now reach for first on a job site .
 As a professional and small business owner , this is yet another great time saver and awsome product . I use a total of four of these within my daily business for hanging and finishing drywall . Werner hit the nail on the head with these for sure . They are very strong and very durable and cover a wide variety of uses . I also use them for tables , scaffold board support and all types of stands for various power tools -LRB- i.e. chop and miter saws -RRB- . A must have for anyone with a work shop or even the guys like myself who are always working . Amazon , pay attention and make these available , and also , find us the different heigths such as 2 ' and 4 ' . Thanks .
 This ladder , while not cheap , paid for itself the first day I used it . We are doing interior painting and finishing . The ladder is very sturdy , and has deep-enough steps that I can stand comfortably . Not having to move a ladder every 20 minutes is great ! And , although the ladder is marked not to stand on the top surface , the top is actually a double wide platform that lets me reach our higher ceilings.Put it in the corner of a room , and be able to reach your armspan along one wall and then three feet plus your armspan on the other wall ! What 's not to like about that ?? It does fold , but it still is going to be a challenge to store , since it ends up being 3 feet x 4 feet x 12 inches or so .
 I work for PaneLess Window Washing and Roof Cleaning in Montgomery and Bucks County , PA.We have at least 15 ladders at our disposal so , this ladder does not see a ton of action but , it is the most stable ladder that we use . The width prevents us from using it indoors -LRB- stay the commercial jobs -RRB- but , it is GREAT for many outdoor applications . I love this ladder . I think that most of our ladders are `` Werner '' ladders .
 WHILE I HAVE USED THIS LADDER AND LIKE IT VERY MUCH I ONLY WISH I HAD ONE OF MY OWN . I TRIED TO ORDER ONE BUT IT SEEMS THAT THIS LADDER CA N'T BE HAD . AND YET THEY WO N'T TAKE IT OFF THEIR LIST GOOD LUCK GETTING ONE
 This is an extremely sturdy ladder/support -- much more so than any standard width ladder . When you 're on this , it feels as though you 're standing on a rock . Very good build quality . Though I have n't used it as such , I can see that it would serve very well as a workstand , or one of a pair of sawhorses .
 Some of you may be thinking , why should I buy a ladder from Amazon ? There are plenty of local stores in the surrounding area ... but none offer delivery . This ladder is around 14 foot long non-extended -LRB- 28foot extended -RRB- , so to have it delivered right to my house was great!I used the ladder right away and was able to reach every part of my home . It is rated for 200 lbs , I am 175 and I did not feel any give at all in the ladder . Nicely constructed and made of aluminum , not too bad to move around.If you 're shopping for a ladder and do not have a flatbed trailer handy ... give Amazon the chance to deliver to you .
 I bought this ladder to change outside floodlights which are at about a second story level . The ladder did not quite reach that far , so I purchased a 24 foot ladder . However , I have used this ladder to change the outside light in front of my house which is at a one story level . The ladder worked well for that purpose . The ladder is easy to operate and not to heavy to move around .
 I purchased this ladder to do some work on the side of my house and it was very sturdy ... regardless of me having fear of heights ... Great sturdy ladder .
 We are very happy with our ladder . It is exactly what we wanted . I think we had to pay $ 20 for shipping , but there was no other way for us to get a ladder of this size to our house .
 Ladder is technically 13 feet long . It is extremely lightweight but strong . Although it is rated 200 lbs , like all ladders I recommend a max weight of 80 % , meaning good for someone weighing 160lbs .
 Ive used this at work a number of times , I love how it 's easy to carry and set up v/s the much heavier longer extension ladder we have that is a challenge for one person to stand it up.The D1120-2 ladder is real easy to manage.Now that I am painting the house , I borrowed this ladder from work , but today I decided I 'd better just buy my own so I do n't have to go get the company ladder every time I need one.SO I am ordering this today , AND taking advantage of the FREE super saver shipping , sure ca n't beat that plus the fact the local price sticker on the company ladder bought a year or so ago says $ 145.99 and I 'd bet here locally it went up , plus there 's sales tax on top.So I will come out ahead buying this here and having it delivered to my door .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Extension ladders are rated on the size of the two ladder sections total height . But you can never use them at that total height , since they wo n't lock together.So this 16 ' ladder can only be extended to a maximum of 13 ' . And you are not supposed to stand on the top rung of the ladder , unless you like to live dangerously.In reality I would probably give this ladder a 3 or 4 star review because I do n't think you should buy a 200lb capacity ladder . To me 250lb is the minimum with 300lb preferred .
 This is a specialty ladder . Should not be sold as an extension ladder for home use . Far to `` TOP_HEAVY '' for streight-Up applications '' . Could not use without help -LRB- 2 Men -RRB- in It 's full exsteded mode . Maby the smallest version but not the 26 ' model .
 What you mostly want to know is how good this ladder is.It 's good ! For the 10 ' height , it 's light enough to carry easily , sturdy enough that you feel stable right up to the top of the ladder and it has a good top rack and side rack for your tools , paint bucket , etc. . The legs are far apart at the base and the locking supports in the middle are not flimzy little bits of aluminum like most stepladders.Tool Crib was very cordial when I called to challenge the price matching option , gave me no problem at all and quickly came way down on price to win me away from Lowes . They shipped the item free of charge the same day.The only reason this unit does not get 5 stars was the delivery service . It 's not fair for Amazon or for Tool Crib , but the delivery is by truck , and the service they contracted only brought the ladder to within 100 miles of my home , then handed it off to another service that did not deliver to my home . Instead they -LRB- Lange Truck Freight in Texas -RRB- silently held the ladder for 8 days until I started tracing it through Amazon . I called the first carrier and they told me they 'd handed it off to Lange , then I called Lange and they said they did not deliver . I was pretty mad because I could have had the Lowes ladder two weeks before ... . so they finally brought it to my town , but would not deliver to my house , I had to meet them and haul it home . Stupid way to do business . Amazon gets 5 stars as always , Tool Crib too ... but no stars for Lange Freight.Good Ladder though .
 I was amazed at how quickly the ladder arrived considering it was a free delivery , just a couple of days . Lowes wanted $ 50.00 for delivery and their store is only 4 miles away . This was a very good price , lower than Lowes and Home Depot , both at the store and online , and lower than all other online sites . I highly recommend this ladder and Amazon.com .
 Light weight with a H handle that is easy to carry . I have a older model of this ladder and it time to up grade to Type 1A 300 Lbs . rating . I was surprise it was delivery without a box . But it was deliver without any scratch . I would recommend this ladder .
 I opted to purchase a six foot aluminum ladder rated for 300 pounds that was priced only $ 5 more than one rated for 250 pounds . It was shipped from Ron 's Hardware and when it arrived , I noticed that it was the wrong brand and only rated for 225 pounds . Since I weigh 250 pounds , I called Ron 's Hardware and explained the problem . Ron 's rep. on the phone was very cordial and helpful . She asked me to send an email , explaining the problem and someone would contact me within 2 days . I sent the email and was contacted the next day and told that the brand I ordered had been discontinued but they would send another brand , rated for 300 pounds and I could keep the first ladder as well.Who could ask for more cooperation or better service than that ?
 Was I surprised when I ordered the ladder on Monday and it was delivered Friday of the same week ! The ladder is really a good one and rated at the up-graded rating of 300 lbs just as they said ! I am extremely pleased with the product and the wonderful , speedy delivery service -LRB- not to mention the free deliverly -RRB- !!
 Love the stability and strength of the ladder , but it is very stiff to open .
 The ladder is easy to use , and light enough to carry with ease . It is equipped with a rope to extend and retract the ladder . The rope and pulley combination works well , and a person can easily and safely use it.The Ladder is not designed for professionals , but for use around the home , and can be a bit shaky when fully extended.I am pleased with my purchase , and I would recommend it for light , around the home , use .
 I received the ladder in several days after placing the order . It is light and sturdy . I climb upon it to clean my gutters and it works well .
 Recently purchased this ladder . It 's very light and seems quite sturdy although I am near the reported weight capacity of 250 pounds.I particularly like that I can stand on the platform and my head does not touch my -LRB- 8 ft. -RRB- ceilings.On a regular step ladder , the second step is n't high enough and the third is too high . I 'm 6 foot.This ladder is made in USA and is a good purchase.The picture on Amazon for the 264 model is misleading as the 264 has only one step and then the platform . The picture shows the 265 which is a 5 foot as opposed to a four foot .
 This is so stable for being so light . It is so noticeably better quality then the cheaper versions . I got the smaller Werner step stool for My 84 year old mom and she loves it so I got this bigger version for her so she could clean her ceiling fans . She loves it being so light and she feels very safe on it and likes the shelf to put her stuff on . I work on ladders every day and I hate cheapo flimsy ladders and stools . They 'll hurt you . Maybe not heavy enough for a construction site , but perfect for the home . I plan on getting another for myself .
 I have owned this ladder for years , and wanted one for a friend . I could not find one in any of the local stores , but Amazon.com came through . THe ladder is light weight , easily portable , but sturdy . Great to have in the house for those of us who can not use a bulky step ladder any more .
 Wanted to get another ladder like we have had for years . WOW so glad I found it . This is a can-do ladder . Can paint with it ; put up Christmas Decorations inside and outside ; clean house ; and wash windows . Great for reaching and sorting out your cabinets and closets etc. . Will fit most needs , wo n't get you on the roof , ladder is only 41/2 ft. tall . Can even sit on it a bit , I fit . Have one for in the house now and one in the garage.Highly recommended .
 Looked at several short ladders and most were cheaper but much heavier . As I have aged , I have come to appreciate `` light '' as important in anything that has to be moved . This ladder is a featherweight yet without a doubt is built better than any ladder this size that I have looked at locally -LRB- the same one available on Amazon -RRB- . I am at the weight limit of the ladder and it is very stable and sturdy . A short ladder for the home should tuck away somewhere . The one folds very thin . Add the lightness and you have an easy to use helper .
 Love this ladder , It 's very sturdy and best of all very light weight and easy to carry about.I could not find this Item anywhere locally , they only had the shorter model .
 This ladder is stable , safe , and easy to use . It has a utility tray , a handle you can reach while on the top step , and the top step is a platform , so its much more comfortable and safe to stand on . I got this one for my parents , and I am going to `` remove '' all their dangerous old step ladders , which are easy to fall off of . This one is all aluminum , making it very light . The one I have had for years is steel with aluminum steps , so its a bit heavier .
 I have had this ladder for many years . When my sister saw it . . she wanted one for her apartment . This is a lightweight ladder but is substantial and secure for climbing on . It folds compactly and is kept in my front hall closet and it is no effort to get it out to get something that is out of reach or to change a lightbulb . My neighbor bought one after seeing mine , and my sister 's neighbor had to get one as well after seeing hers . This is the best ladder I have ever come across . When my grandchildren come over ... I pull it out so that they can stand on it and look into my curio cabinet at their favorite shelf . You will never regret this purchase !
 This is my Second ladder . The first one is about 10 years old and still working fine . I bought the second one for our new vacation cottagel
 Loved these handles for my closet doors . Just wish the manufacturer made them a little larger , otherwise they are perfect .
 I 've owned 3 of this model 244 for several years and it is , by far , the most useful stepladder I 've ever owned . Very sturdy , stable , and lightweight . Very slim collapsed and will even stand by itself if left slightly opened . I use mine daily in my home and ca n't say enough good about them . Excellent stepladder .
 My wife and I have gone through quite a few folding step stools over the years . We tried to save a few bucks each time and wound up paying for it in the long run . This item is perfection . It is strong but lightweight . It folds and unfolds so easily . i 'm a 200 pounder , while my wife is half my size . We have found that it will support me with ease and it 's a breeze for her to use . We really like this and would recommend it many times over .
 We 've owned one of these for years and just bought another for a second home . It 's sturdy , durable , lightweight , operates easily , and folds very slim -- ideal for reaching tall shelves , changing overhead lights , etc. .
 I 've looked everywhere for a replacement small stepladder that is lightweight , strong , and easy to open . This is the best product I have found by far . It costs a little more than the usual steel stepladder , but it is definitely worth it .
 If you need a step stool , this is it ! My friend bought them for himself and his two daughters and then recommended it to me when mine crashed . I 'll never need another and it balances me while I use it . Sturdy and secure feeling when using it . Easy to store . I 'd like another to keep in our pick up truck to help up step into the back bed .
 I love this little ladder . Light-weight aluminum costs and so their was a premium on ordering this ladder over cheaper , heavier competitors . My wife and I are retired and do n't have the strength we used to have so light tools are appreciated and valued . The Werner is easy to stow -- it folds with nary a complaint and i store it with the ironing board . I thought we would use it only in the kitchen but it is so light that we find ourselves with in the garage , on the patio , and sometimes under a tree . That 's the mark of a fine tool .
 What you mostly want to know is how good this ladder is.It 's good ! For the 10 ' height , it 's light enough to carry easily , sturdy enough that you feel stable right up to the top of the ladder and it has a good top rack and side rack for your tools , paint bucket , etc. . The legs are far apart at the base and the locking supports in the middle are not flimzy little bits of aluminum like most stepladders.Tool Crib was very cordial when I called to challenge the price matching option , gave me no problem at all and quickly came way down on price to win me away from Lowes . They shipped the item free of charge the same day.The only reason this unit does not get 5 stars was the delivery service . It 's not fair for Amazon or for Tool Crib , but the delivery is by truck , and the service they contracted only brought the ladder to within 100 miles of my home , then handed it off to another service that did not deliver to my home . Instead they -LRB- Lange Truck Freight in Texas -RRB- silently held the ladder for 8 days until I started tracing it through Amazon . I called the first carrier and they told me they 'd handed it off to Lange , then I called Lange and they said they did not deliver . I was pretty mad because I could have had the Lowes ladder two weeks before ... . so they finally brought it to my town , but would not deliver to my house , I had to meet them and haul it home . Stupid way to do business . Amazon gets 5 stars as always , Tool Crib too ... but no stars for Lange Freight.Good Ladder though .
 I was amazed at how quickly the ladder arrived considering it was a free delivery , just a couple of days . Lowes wanted $ 50.00 for delivery and their store is only 4 miles away . This was a very good price , lower than Lowes and Home Depot , both at the store and online , and lower than all other online sites . I highly recommend this ladder and Amazon.com .
 Light weight with a H handle that is easy to carry . I have a older model of this ladder and it time to up grade to Type 1A 300 Lbs . rating . I was surprise it was delivery without a box . But it was deliver without any scratch . I would recommend this ladder .
 I opted to purchase a six foot aluminum ladder rated for 300 pounds that was priced only $ 5 more than one rated for 250 pounds . It was shipped from Ron 's Hardware and when it arrived , I noticed that it was the wrong brand and only rated for 225 pounds . Since I weigh 250 pounds , I called Ron 's Hardware and explained the problem . Ron 's rep. on the phone was very cordial and helpful . She asked me to send an email , explaining the problem and someone would contact me within 2 days . I sent the email and was contacted the next day and told that the brand I ordered had been discontinued but they would send another brand , rated for 300 pounds and I could keep the first ladder as well.Who could ask for more cooperation or better service than that ?
 Was I surprised when I ordered the ladder on Monday and it was delivered Friday of the same week ! The ladder is really a good one and rated at the up-graded rating of 300 lbs just as they said ! I am extremely pleased with the product and the wonderful , speedy delivery service -LRB- not to mention the free deliverly -RRB- !!
 Love the stability and strength of the ladder , but it is very stiff to open .
 I decided to purchase this ladder after reading the reviews , paying special attention to negative comments . Most reviews are subject to interpretation , as reviewers are all ages and usually see things from their own perspective and many are not objective in their opinions . I found this ladder as represented , reasonably priced , and an excellent value . It is a light-duty ladder with a 200 lb . capacity . I am 79 years old , weigh 190 lbs , and would not expect to climb the ladder with a bundle of shingles , as this would be taxing the ladder over it 's stated limitations . This tool is precisely what I needed
 I bought this ladder because my regular step ladder was n't going high enough for me . The quality is good and it works well . It 's nice and light . My only complaint will be the legs . Sometimes they do n't face the down position when I 'm putting the ladder down . Sometimes you have to kick it a few times with your feed so that you make sure the rubber feet touch the ground . Other than that , I 'll be using this ladder for quite some time . Recommend .
 This ladder serves its purpose ! The only reason I bought this ladder was to gain access to the roof to hang Christmas lights . If I had to use this ladder for work I would have some issues , the dogs are permanent/mounted . If you need a cheap ladder this is the one . The ladder was shipped via USPS , lucky I have a PO Box or the ladder would have been returned -LRB- does not fit USPS MAIL guidelines -RRB- I can not imagine what a postal carrier would have thought if they had to shove this in their mail vehicle for door delivery !
 This is not the more common self-piercing valve . With this one , you have to drill a 1/4 '' hole into the pipe and then clamp on the valve . That 's exactly what I wanted , to ensure a sufficient flow of water.I tightened the clamp gently and evenly , and it worked without leaks from the very start.The package includes the gasket , compression sleeve and nut , and fittings for plastic tube .
 I use this for everything . It is small enough to fit anywhere yet it is strong too . Can even be used a stool to take some weight off my tired legs . Recommended .
 Exactly what I wanted/needed . Got here fast and was easier to deal with than carring it through a local Lowes
 This step stool is just the right size to store under my utility sink in my laundry room . The stool is light weight yet very sturdy . The steps are not steep very easy to climb . I may purchase another one for my garage . Amazon.com had the cheapest price .
 I purchased this for dual purpose ... to serve as a seat in my basement where a work bench stool would be too tall . Also , to use as a foot stool . I am a big guy -LRB- 250lbs -RRB- ... no problems with strength ... quality made ladder and very lightweight . Ca n't beat the price either .
 Very durable ladder , Strong & Easy to store , Great Buy Werner as always been a great product , Glad you had this .
 I 've owned this for about 8 years and use it approximately once a week . I bought it to get at high cabinets and shelves in an apartment with 9 foot ceilings -LRB- where the shelves and cabinets go all the way up to the ceiling -RRB- . I wish it had one more rung but it is still very good as it is . It 's rated for 300 lbs but I have weighed more than 325 lbs in the past and it held up just fine under that weight . I felt no give in the step rungs or the top step . I felt perfectly at ease and balanced . But please , do n't use it if you 're over 300 lbs then blame me if you get hurt -LRB- you 'd be surprised , people have done similar things and blamed my reviews -RRB- . I 'm just telling you it withstood over 325 lbs , which means to me that it is plenty strong for the 300 lb rating it is advertised as.I did not buy from Amazon but I would have at the price currently shown -LRB- $ 38 shipped from Amazon -RRB- if I could not have gotten it where I did locally . And if I ever need another and ca n't get it locally , yes I would buy it here because I 've had mostly good experience buying through Amazon 's website . I recommend using Amazon Prime . You can get the perks of free shipping from Amazon Prime if you make certain purchases . Ask me how if you 're interested . No , I 'm not selling anything , I 'm just into helping people save money.I include a photo above of where I keep it hanging in the kitchen . It does n't take up much room . When folded it measures 13.5 '' wide , 28.5 '' tall , 6 '' deep.My only complaints are those you get with any ladder :1 -RRB- I 'd like it to be easier to clean because I keep it in my kitchen , but cleaning it is difficult . But that 's the same with any ladder . To clean it I open it , put it in the bath tub , spray it down with Windex , and scrub it with a floor scrub brush , then run the shower over it , let it dry , then hang it again . Eh , you do what you have to do when you live in a tiny apartment .2 -RRB- Your feet hurt on the metal steps .
 I like this ladder a lot , i wish i purchased it a while ago . It 's main positives is that it 's light and sturdy . It is rated to 300LB which is more than I need . It 's light enough where my wife can move it around on the go . I like how it has two steps and a sturdy top step . I can use this around the house but also on contractor needs . it 's good enough to be used in the house where a regular ladder is a bit too much and cumbersome .
 This ladder is extremely light weight , yet strong . It opens and closes easily as well . It seems like the best of its kind . The only downside is that it is n't attractive enough to be kept out or I would use it even more than I do .
 I selected this ladder because of its size and very light weight to be used in a Light Sport aircraft . The aircraft has high wings and a small light ladder is ideal for filling the fuel tanks mounted in the wings . So far this ladder is exactly what I had been looking for in both light weight and quality for a very reasonable price .
 I could not be happier with the purchase of this ladder . It is better than anything I can buy in our local shops and came so fast I was amazed .
 Absolutely rock solid . The feet really grab the floor and it feels like you 're standing on a concrete block even when on the top step . No movement whatsoever . I 've never come close to pinching my fingers with the hinges . They have designed the hinges in such a way that you 'd have to be extremely careless to pinch your fingers during opening or closing . Highly recommended .
 I was in trouble . My almost 300lb weight lifting significant other refused to do any more home repairs for me until a found a stepstool that would hold his weight . The best the hardware store could do was a 250lb step stool . So I said a prayer and looked on Amazon . Behold ! I found this step stool . Now my house wo n't fall apart!This is a small step stool , about 2 ' high , and narrow . It 's very lightweight . When my almost 300lb handyman hops on it , it does n't sag or bend or give . I 'm really impressed that such a lightweight , petite stool can take the abuse we heap upon it . Folded , it is small enough to sit in a corner of our coat closet.Be careful not to pinch your fingers on the side latches when folding and unfolding it . They are functional and obviously do the job , but could easily catch a finger.This is a great buy ! I 'll be looking for a matching ladder soon .
 I 'm very impressed with this step ladder . It is compact but STRONG ! It holds over 300 pounds , which is nice for anyone who is larger in stature .
 The delivery was perfect . This is the best step ladder in the world ! I am so pleased with it .
 I was skeptical at first , but you just ca n't beat a Werner ! This step stool features two steps , several screws and adhesives , a plastic top step thing , and a whole bunch of love . If you need to reach things that are very high up -LRB- but not too high -RRB- make sure you buy this stool . Godspeed , little 2 ' Werner step stool , godspeed .
 I bought this as a gift to my son . Great quality , great price . We have used it on many indoor projects and it has been great . Very happy with the purchase .
 This little step stool is slightly harder to open than others , but that 's a part of its sturdy construction . I feel safe even standing on the top - there is no wobble or movement at all . I would recommend it .
 I needed an inexpensive , weather proof alternative to a tall mounting block at my barn . This is lightweight , easily moved , and nice and tall . It can be kicked over when mounting , however , and this could spook a horse . But this of course is not the fault of the step stool , which is well made and matches the description nicely .
 Just what my hubby needed to get to the top of things that do n't require a big ladder . Sturdy too , I feel safe he has something we can trust him standing on since hes a senior .
 I 'm no little person my self but I have had a few `` big boys '' use it too . I currently weigh about 240lb 5 ' -11 '' and when I got it I was around 270 . Even back then it never once felt like it was going to slip , twist , break or be anything other then a rock steady step latter on every kind of level surface . Some of the people that used it I 'm more then certain exceed it 's weight limits even without the tools they where carrying . It 's vary light , I can easily put it in the back of a van or put it in a corner with one arm -LRB- though I 'm not a `` weak '' person ether :p -RRB- . I ca n't emphasize enough of how sturdy it is , every thing about it is heavy duty yet still light . As other reviews have stated it is a bit narrow but it more then makes up for that in how confident I fell when I 'm up on it.I 'm really not one to make a statement like this , but if your a bigger person and need a 2 foot ladder that 's never going to wobble on a flat surface -LRB- or even one that 's not all that flat -RRB- and is light weight buy this one . Do n't waste time comparing others , just get it ... Lowes or home depot may be a better price , but I would easily pay around $ 50 if I was n't able to get it from a store.P.S.I 'm not to happy on the price of the two side -LRB- below -RRB- but every thing I said about this one is 100 % true for this one as well . I do n't own it but I have used one.Werner T372 Type1A 300-Pound Duty Rating Aluminum Twin Stepladder , 2-Foot
 I purchased the Werner 2-foot Aluminum Step Stool to replace an old stool.This is a very strong and balanced step stool which even allows one to stand on the top step if need be .
 I needed some elevation -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- to clean the roof of my SUV so I bought the step stool . I like cleaning my car instead of paying $ 20 for a job half done most of the time . Extra 2 feet was perfect for me . The steps are narrow and steep so if you are over 6 feet or have unusually large feet like other reviewers mentioned , the size maybe a problem for you . However , since it 's compact it 's easy to fold and put it to your trunk whenever you go to a car wash.The frame and truss are made of aluminum with decent thickness . I 'm 165lbs and I feel it can handle 100lbs more without a problem . It 's stiff and the rivets are tight so when you are getting on and off the tool it feels stable . The Vinyl foot pads are thick too giving good amount of stiffness . Note that if you do n't have something to hold on when climbing or getting on the tool it 's easier to do it sideways.Remember it 's a step tool , if you use it for something else like in carpentry to hold large ply boards while you 're cutting with electric saw , then it may not perform well or even may cause you an accident.For $ 40 , I could n't complain . Well recommended .
 I weigh 270 + and the stool is rock solid standing on top step . It is very light and easy to carry . The locks are well designed and easy to open . Just be careful and not pinch the skin between the thumb and fore finger.Solid construction with solid rivets . No nuts and screws to work loose . The two bottom steps are aluminum with no slip pattern in the metal step . The top step is a heavy hard plastic with a non slip pattern . The top step is one piece enforced molding underneath The plastic will not bend or wiggle . Solid as a rock.The feet are covered with a tough heavy flexible rubber plastic riveted on . No way can they slip off . Works great on all floor types . . If you hate `` wobbly '' stools of unknown load carry rating , , , you will love this little guy ... You will have to keep an eye on this handy stool as it will `` walk '' off when others are around ...
 This Step ladder was purchased as a time saver to use with another one I already owned . By putting a staging plank across two steps -LRB- bottom or middle-NOT top -RRB- I could work on an eight foot ceiling easily without a lot of up/down agravation . This step ladder is very well made , I feel very comfortable using it and highly recommend it , especially in pairs with a plank . It will definitely increase productivity .
 The step ladder is very stable when you are standing on the platform , which is whereyou are meant to be on this unit . The stairs are more than wide enough to hold you if youwant to work at that specific height , but again , this unit -LRB- as you will see -RRB- is designed foryou to stand on the platform.The unit is surprisingly light and the only draw back I can find is that the hinges area bit stiff , but will probably loosen up with time .
 the ladder was perfect , just what i was looking for . great for small jobs on the outside of the house .
 Before I go into my review , please read the information about this step stool . Take out a tape measure so that you understand its dimensions . There is nothing more annoying than reading negative reviews about excellent products because the reviewer did n't read the description of the product.That being said , these are the pros and cons of this Werner : Pros :1 . Weight limit - This has a 300 pound weight limit . Other similar sized products are rated at 200 pounds or less . Actually , they advertise they can reach up to 200 pounds but I know that to be inaccurate . I am 220 pounds and I go up and down on this all the time and the legs do n't splay or creak .2 . Heavy Duty - This Step stool does not have to be babied . It can take a beating .3 . Rust Free - It is made of Aluminum so this will stay with you for a very long time as long as no one steals it from you .4 . Lightweight - I put this on the top shelf of my rack in my garage and I can take it down and put it back up effortlessly . My wife finds it very light as well .5 . Stable - This will not tip over . The footings grip very well .6 . Height - This is much higher than the other step stools.Cons :1 . Width - I personally do not find it an issue , but some people with extremely large feet may have an issue with the width . Read the dimensions before buying , as with any step stool .
 I bought this ladder to use in our trailer , so I can reach , inspect , and/or clean the high exterior sides of the rig . It weighs hardly a thing , and folds small enough to store inside without taking up living space . At this price , I am thrilled with the purchase and highly recommend it for this use .
 This amazingly light , sturdy step stool is perfect for doing patch work on the ceiling - it 's very easy to store and the price , at $ 38 , was very reasonable . Would highly recommend for ceiling work , reaching storage or light fixture bulb changing .
 First off , I overestimated my house height . I have three stories -LRB- and a basement -RRB- , but even so , this may be overkill for that . :-RRB- Anyways , it is definitely LONG and * HEAVY * . The delivery people called and said they need someone to be here to `` help '' because they only have one guy delivering it . That meant I had to stay home from work , which I thought was a bit wonky -- seems like they should either send two guys or just have the one guy deal with it . It 's not like one person * ca n't * handle carrying it . Anyways , I 'm a big guy and thought I could handle it , but this is definitely a two person ladder . Even with two , it 's a bear.It 's also so danged expensive . I mean , $ 500 is a lot to pay for a ladder , and I 'm sure returning it would be just too much trouble -LRB- and probably cost -RRB- . So I 'll deal with it . My advice
 If you have a house that requires a 40 ft ladder to reach the gutters , this is the product for you . The downside is that it is heavy .
 Very Strong , 32lb make it very easy to move around . Extending ladder is very simple .
 I have been agonizing over how to clean my gutters for months ! Do I borrow a ladder ? - Uncomfortable to ask , and I do not own a truck to deliver the ladder , further inconvenience to the loaner . Do I purchase a ladder from a store ? Not many carry over 24 ft. , no truck to bring home , and rental trucks are a real pain and expense just to buy something in the electronic age.I needed a 32 ft. extension ladder quickly , the water was spilling over the edge of my gutters . I decided to shop amazon.com . Great decision ! The ladder arrived within the delivery time and without any problems . Just a reminder that a 32 ft. extension ladder has a maximum reach of 31 ft. and a maximum standing height of 24.8 ft. , so shop wisely for the correct ladder.My gutters are clean and I feel great ! One more thing , my ladder was eligible for free shipping - A real no-brainer decision when I found out .
 Ca n't beat free shipping on this huge 40ft ladder . Great price and delivered in perfect condition . The only thing to be aware of is that this ladder is really heavy . It 's almost impossible to move or place with just one person . Worked well and seemed sturdy when I was up on it with a paint bucket . Would reco to anyone looking for a big ladder and does n't want to try to haul something this big from Menards or Home Depot .
 The Werner D1328-2 is an excellent 28 foot 250 LB rated aluminum extension ladder . I am using it to paint trim on my two story house . Well built and sturdy ! I have a Werner 16 foot 225 pound rated ladder and their is quite a difference in construction strength between the two and I feel much more comfortable climbing my new Werner 28 foot 250 LB rated ladder.Kudos to Amazon . I paid $ 247 shipped for it which was cheaper than local box stores and I did not have to pay for or arrange shipping . I ordered it 09/12 via free shipping and it arrived 09/22 . Amazon tracking info was right on for delivery date and shipper called my 2 days prior to let me know that it would arrive on 09/22 between 8:00 AM and noon . They delivered it at 8:00 AM sharp and called that morning to remind of delivery . Ladder arrived looking new !
 I purchased this ladder right after Hurricane Isabel to do repairs on my home . It has been used numerous times and still is just as good as new . It is well constructed and I would recommend it highly .
 What a deal ! I do n't have the ability to transport a 28 ' ladder . It never dawned on me to check Amazon & have it delivered . Google shopping led me to you . Delivery was on time & relatively cheap -LRB- certainly cheaper than renting a truck . -RRB- The product is just as advertised.I could n't be happier .
 The biggest advantage for us of buying this 24ft ladder from Amazon was the delivery . There was no feasible way we could 've hauled this monster home had we bought it from HD or Lowes . Renting a truck or having those home center stores delivery it would be costly . As far as ladder goes , it is well-constructed and served our needs for that one occassion when I had to climb 17 ft to service a leaky wall A/C . I will probably use it again to put trims around the A/C . Would 've bought the 28ft ladder but the increased weight was a put off in our case . Overall , a great product and a great purchased from Amnazon . Thanks Amazon for the speedy delivery .
 This is a great , sturdy ladder that will last us years and years .
 this is the same ladder -LRB- price and quality -RRB- that one would purchase from a local hardware store with the benefit of having it delivered ! it was shipped promptly . the delivery company that i dealt with was perfect ! this may be where some customers may have the difference of experience . i was able to track every step of the transit and our local company that handled this purchase was prompt and accommodating with communication to arrange delivery as well as friendly with the actual drop off . it did arrive with one little dimple dent -LRB- it did not have any packaging but i do n't know how one would package an item this size ! -RRB- , but nothing that would affect the operation nor did it compromise the safety of the ladder . i carefully considered this factor after pondering over the negative reviews and decided to take my chance and i am pleased to say that i am one of those submitting the positive ! perfect all around !
 Product came quick , exactly what I order . I did n't have to hassle with driving home 28ft ext ladder from Home Depot ...
 Same ladder $ 50 less . Amazon wo n't honor their price match , so do n't try to get that . False advertising .
 srf0743 ,02092011 . htm.mct4 -LRB- qrl -LRB- t7qsi -LRB- I think that this was a very good purchase ... I got to clean my gutters in the backyard everything worked perfectly and it also stores -LCB- fits -RCB- nicely in the basement ^ subfloor . Thank you. : alz ; 745dgz
 These are great ladders for the $ , a good value.Now for the rest of the story : If you can not go to the store and pick one up , even Lowes just a few miles from my house charges $ 45 for delivering a ladder . Why should you be surprised that Amazon has to recoop their delivery & processing fees ? No such thing as a free lunch !
 I love this feature . A long ladder that extends to a shorter distance ... - 20 ' ladder extends to 17 ` Incredible !
 When painting or working on a house with uneven ground , this item keeps you safe and secure.Easy to install , and use.I wish I had seen this years ago.Kudos to Werner !!
 As advertised , the PK80-2 Automatic Ladder Leveler easily adjusts to uneven ground . If you frequently use your stepladder in these conditions , this accessory is indispensible . This accessory does have the following disadvantages :1 . Installation should be done by an experienced handyman . Allocate a few hours to do the installation . Messing up the install may ruin the ladder , as the original ladder feet must be cut off .2 . The ladder will be somewhat heavier with the levelers installed . Before the levelers , I was able to easily move my 26-foot fiberglass extension ladder ; with the levelers , I typically require help handling the ladder .3 . Installing the levelers widens the ladder foot spacing , as the levelers are placed outboard of the ladder rails . The resulting width is greater than the depth of two standard stair step depths , and the adjustment range of the leveler wo n't span two standard step heights ; so , if your expecting to use the ladder against a wall with the feet on different steps of a stair , you 'll likely have to still need some sort of platform/spacing under the lower foot.The tools required for the install are
 The instructions are detailed and did n't leave anything to the imagination . The instructions have different sections for the different ladders and require a careful study before and during the installation . At least the instructions are only in English , having multilingual instructions would make it way too confusing.Installation took about 3 hours to accomplish for my D6020-2 20 ' fiberglass ladder and its a little scary permanently modifying such a nice ladder knowing that if you mess up the ladder can be permanently damaged or made useless . Take your time . Here is my list of things to be aware of going into this installation .1 -RRB- Be very careful aligning the drilling templates !!! 2 -RRB- Center punch the hole positions good then your drill bit should n't wander . I did n't need to do this but you might pre-drill the holes with a smaller bit if necessary . You have 6 holes to drill over about 14 '' x 3 '' area so the drilling must be done very precisely if the side rail is to align correctly . The rail bracket does n't have any give in it for error .3 -RRB- Double or triple check your measurements/instructions and drill bit sizes . Be very careful sawing off the square aluminum bar that runs through the rung as it has to be within 1/8 '' accuracy .4 -RRB- Do n't remove the black electrical tape that comes on the side rails , this is done near the end of the installation .5 -RRB- Hack-sawing the side rail is the easy part . Previous review recommends a cutoff wheel which I 'm sure works well but is n't necessary . Before doing this I 'd mount the side rails to check your drilling accuracy . This is the point of no return before cutting off the existing ladder feet . If you messed up the drilling which I 'm sure you wo n't if you are careful you can always abort the project here if necessary . The holes should n't hurt the ladder but cut off the feet and their side rails supports and , game over .6 -RRB- Drilling out the heavy rivets from the bottom rung is a royal pain and maybe a cutoff wheel would remove the head faster . I do n't do that everyday so I 'm sure there are better methods .7 -RRB- Have a good clutched drill and a 7/16 '' socket and it will speed up putting the 14 nuts on the side rails and the two feet .8 -RRB- Make sure you have good sharp drill bits , the sizes are indicated in a previous review and note they are less common drill bit sizes .9 -RRB- Wear a mask for the fiberglass drilling.Good product , the ladder is definitely better and even stronger when the project is finished!Update August 2004Having used this product for some time now I love it . I can level the ladder on almost any uneven surface . Even the bottom of my pool . Just pick the ladder up about 2-3 '' and drop it . Repeat that a few times until the ladder 's levelers ratchet enough to level the ladder . The ladder locks in place when weight is put on it . It works great , well worth the 3 hours of work to put the levelers on . Makes the ladder so much easier to use .
 Before buying these , I was not very confident with makeshift supports to level the ladder . If I were to add up all the time required to manually level the ladder with wood and stakes , it would make the 3 hour install of these seem like nothing!Adding an $ 80 accessory to a $ 200 ladder did initially seem extreme . Now that I see much easier it is to use my ladder , I ca n't imagine having an extension without auto-levelers . Moving along the gutters on my uneven grade is so easy now . Just give the ladder a little lift so that it is level , let it back down and the legs automatically engage!I must admit having to permanently modify my ladder and making precise markings/drillings did have me worried . The instructions were very clear and the template provided helped to foolproof the process . If you 're handy enough to have an extension ladder , I would assume you should be able to pull this off . This weeekend-warrior did .
 If you use ladders on a regular basis , you have to have these . I have them on all of my ladders ... even different brand ladders . These are so easy to set up and stable that you will wonder how you ever worked without them . No more finding sraps of wood to place under legs , digging holes or having ladders shift . they are so much safer and faster to use than a standard setup . I have used them to set up on roofs to work on overhead gables , on steps , and most any incline . They are well worth the investment if you value your time or your safety .
 I have a pair of the PK80 Level Master Automatic Ladder Levelers on my 28 foot ladder and I am purchasing a pair for my 40 foot ladder . This product really works !! It 's just too hard to hold a 40 foot ladder up with one hand and adjust with the manual type levelers with the other hand . That 's why the automatic type levelers are a must !!! They are well worth the money and easy to install .
 I have a set of these on my 20 ft. ladder , and I am in the process of purchasing a set for my 32 footer ... I do n't want to paint another day without them . They save time , work great , and most of all I do n't worry that a block of wood will slip out from under the ladder leg . This is one product that can make your job much safer and easier if you use ladders a lot .
 I installed the PK80-2 ladder leveler on my Werner D1228-2 aluminum ladder this weekend in a bit over 2 hours . Instructions were very clear and easy to follow . Just lay all the parts and make sure you understand how they all work before you start ! The levelers work very , very nicely . This was a good addition to my ladder.For `` comment search purposes '' , if you have a D1100 series ladder you will need an additional kit numbered D36-9 . The D1500 series ladders need kit 36-14 . The install was basically a matter of drilling 6 holes for each leveler mechanism . In exactly the right place though ! Other folks have covered the `` how-to '' very well so I wo n't repeat . One hint that I did follow was -LRB- after center-punching the holes -RRB- to drill a 1/8 '' pilot hole and then the larger 9/32 '' hole . That was easier than drilling the 9/32 '' hole in one step - the bit wandered some.On an interesting side note , the instructions are to install the levelers on the second rung and to saw off the bottom 15 '' or so -LRB- making the working height of the ladder shorter than when I started -RRB- . I found that on my ladder -LRB- D1228-2 -RRB- it could be installed on the bottom rung just fine . I wound up cutting off only 4 '' or so of the side rail which made the working height a few inches MORE than when I started . Your mileage may vary , but it made no sense whatsoever to chop off a perfectly good rung when it could be properly installed on the very bottom rung . I did not have any interfering diagonal `` knee braces '' and plastic sleeves to move / reinstall , so it made sense to do it this way . Again I say , your mileage may vary !
 I have these on all three of my ladders , and would n't use a ladder without it . It makes it very easy to use the ladder on an uneven surface .
 very handy just what i was after . a a a a a a a a a a a a a all the way
 I am a contractor and have owned a set for about 18 years , they needed replaced , so this is my second set , and they are identical to first units i bought , extremely happly .
 Wow , this is yet another must have item from Werner ... Took about 45 minutes to install . If you use your ladder alot on unlevel ground such as outside working around a house you have got to try a pair of these levelers . They dont actually mention how they work in the install manual and there is no `` owners manual '' but first time out you will get it quick . The levelers are truly fully automatic and work great . With no weight on the levelers they just move one up the other down . As soon as both have weight on them -LCB- the ladder is level -RCB- they both lock secure and do not move until the ladder is picked up again and the weight is off the levelers . No pins to mess with , nothing to waste time ... just set the ladder up , move to level and that 's it , climb . They do add some weight to your ladder and I can see how some people might stick a little on the install ... time consuming and you have to take a hacksaw and cut off the bottom of the ladder . But it is worth every second the way these things work . Buy with confidence .
 Excellent product , no problem to install.Important Notes : On the newer Werner 2-section Fiberglass 24 foot ladders there is no need to bore the 1-1/4 '' hole as specified in the instructions.The square shaft will run through the lower rung.You also do not have rivets on the rungs , as specified , your rungs instead are hot pressed and have a larger outside lip.Use the template as a guide and center the marked area for the square shaft over the outside lip for the lower rung.Once you have that centered just line-up the folded edges of your template evenly with the outside ladder edges.On Fiberglass ladders it is much better to make a small pilot hole when marking for the template bolts locations.Just use some masking tape to hold the template in place and then drill small pilot holes , remove the template and drill your 9/23 '' holes.Using a Die-grinder Cutoff wheel is best for removing the lower ladder sections of you have one , only takes about a minutes to cleanly chop them.Total time , if you 're good with your hands , less than an hour , including cleanup .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!!! Do n't know how I worked without them before . I install cable TV and encounter all types of terrain . Even worse when it is covered in snow . Simply put , they are worth every penny . As far as installation , you do n't have to cut off the feet , at least on my 28 ' fiber glass model . Took me 20 freakin minutes to install these . If you are in the market for leveling feet these are the ones to get .
 It took a little time to install this product on my ladder and it was heavier than I hoped , but it worked exactly as it was advertised . There were plenty of cut-out templates to use for all ladder types . I really was pleased the way it worked . It truly is an Auto leveling device for ladders .
 I gave it 4 stars because of the extra KIT 36-14 , which needed to be ordered directly from Werner Ladder . Amazon does not carry it.The Werner PK80-2 Level-Master Automatic Ladder Leveler is a great idea ! I now feel safe when setting up an extension ladder on sloped ground . My co-worker , in his mid 20 's is also impressed.I purchased 2 sets and was like many others , leery of cutting off the bottom of my 24 ' Werner ladder . I now understand the reasoning . It is to allow the feet to run their full travel up and down and allow the ladder to level out on a pretty steep slope prior to raising the extension.I never would have purchased these things if it were n't for my brother in-law hiring me to build a 2-story addition on the back of his house . If you fall down near the house while standing , you would roll to the bottom of the hill . Setting a ladder on such ground was not going to work for me.Now that I cut off the bottom of the ladder and installed the levelers , I ca n't imagine why I would want to ever remove them as a couple of others stated . I consider them a great improvement to a standard ladder . They work great on even the slightest angles . No more rocks and or lumber to build up one leg , and then hope while up at the top , the bottom will stay put!I agree that the installation of my first unit was complex and time consuming . 2 plus hours -LRB- close to 3 -RRB- and a lot of reading -LRB- and skipping pages -RRB- to make the installation on my D-1500 series ladder . Also I will agree that the `` kit '' needed to make the installation should have been included for the price . Very inconvenient to have to call Werner to order the 36-14 kit needed for the D-1500 ladders . Amazon does n't carry it.The second unit will go much quicker now that I know the principle of the various steps involved . Like anything else that one does for the first time , AND following directions written in full detail added time but is a necessity . I think the next one will take about an hour , maybe less . I have 4 ladders and eventually all of them will have these levelers.One other issue that will take some getting used to is not being able to go to the middle of the ladder to carry it . The weight of this unit requires finding the center of gravity a few rungs closer to the bottom , something I 'm just not used to doing . Also loading the ladders on my truck requires some getting used to do to the fact the levelers protrude out from the ladder sides . These are little things when you look at the overall picture . I 'm sure the old tradesmen gone by felt the same when they started switching over from wood ladders to aluminum !
 I have installed this on a louiseville fiberglass ladder . This product works as well in this ladder as on the werner ladders . The instructions are good once you determine what template to use if you are not modifying a Werner ladder . Takes a couple of hours because you need to make sure that each step is followed closely as if you mess up you will have a $ 250 + ladder with no feet . But is you do this the product works very well . A little silicon spray when you first use it makes the mechanism work even better .
 I installed these on my 28 ' fiberglass about 7 years ago . Since i AM good with my hands , i had NO problems installing them , although i was hesitant at first . I did worry about cutting my ladder . If i ever get another ladder , the FIRST thing i will do is add these babies again . I LOVE THEM and would be lost without them . I RARELY find level surfaces to work on , and these make ANY surface level . If anyone thinks they are UNSAFE , THINK AGAIN !! My kit came with all hardware i needed . I drilled out my rivets and even `` SAVED '' the metal 45 degree brackets and incorporated them into my installation . NOTICE how many GREAT reviews there are here ? Anyone giving it a bad review does NOT KNOW that the BENEFITS FAR outweigh any labor spent on the install . SO , go ahead , get these , try them for yourself and YOU be the judge !!! P.S. all my friends love my ladder too !!!
 A real `` life-saver '' on unlevel surfaces , but a couple of caveats.First , download the instruction manual from Werner before ordering . Some models of Werner ladders require an extra installation kit . Secondly , read the instruction manual from front to back -LRB- several times -RRB- , especially when you get to the part on having to cut the bottom rung off of your existing ladder . That 's where it gets scary . I 've never had good luck with straight cuts with hacksaws and was lucky enough to rig a jig for use with a metal cutting blade on my miter saw . Mine came out perfectly but not without angst . The whole project lasted over the course of two days . Bottom line
 They take every bit of 3 hours to install even for an accomplished DIYer . Installation required a few of my lesser used drill bit sizes -LRB- 9/32 -RRB- , but overall the instructions are straightforward if you read them carefully . It 's all worth it the first time you try your ladder on uneven ground . The levelers automatically adjust to the terrain . To me they are worth the price and time involved in installing them . They will be standard equipment on every new extension ladder I purchase .
 this product seems to work fine in the short time I 've been using them . Directions need to be studied closely and hacking off the bottom of a brand new ladder was a little unsetteling . I took off a star because they instructions could be a little better , I thought , and I lost 6 inches in total ladder length .
 I 'm a 60 + y.o. home handyman . Over the last few years , as I have gotten older , I 've bitten the bullet and bought a few pricey tools to make life easier . Boy was this a great purchase . I 'll go over a few of the other reviewers comments briefly :1 . Takes a while to install - yep .2 . Instructions look intimidating - yep .3 . Sounds scarey to cut off the bottom of your ladder - yep .4 . Once you figure out your ladder model number , take your time and read the instructions , is it that difficult to install - nope - not that difficult at all .5 . Do I love this ladder accessory - ABSOLUTELY !! Our ranch house needs painting and I decided to look at ladder levelers as I 'm getting to the age where I do n't bounce as well as I did when I was younger . The ground is very uneven and slopes on two sides of the house that have peaks and require a 28 foot extension ladder . I use a Werner stabilizer on the top of the ladder . With these levelers on the bottom it is like standing on solid ground . Wonderful tool ! When I think back about the times I had this 28 foot ladder blocked up on pieces of plywood & 2X4 's , I 'm lucky to be alive to write this review.Buy them , read the instructions carefully , get out the drill & hack saw & go for it . You 'll be glad you did . I use the ladder on ground that slopes away from the house and also slopes from left to right . It was horrible to get the ladder in a safe position before installing the PK80 's . A couple tips of my own :1 . I drilled the holes for the first side and had problems with hole alignment . I found the template was about 1/8 '' short between the top and bottom sets of holes . Check your template against the threaded studs . Adjust if necessary .2 . If you get cold feet when it comes time to get the hack saw out , put the leveler up against the leg of the ladder and look everything over - hole position , scribe mark to cut off the end of the ladder , etc. . Use the old adage - measure twice , cut once .3 . The instruction manual covers a number of different Werner ladder models , both aluminum and fiberglass . If the instructions look intimidating , go through the manual and high-light the insturctions that relate to your ladder . It will make things look much easier .
 These work by a square shaft that runs through the bottom rung into pinions riding along a rack inside each foot housing . When one leg is pushed on , the other leg extends , then when it 's loaded -LRB- just the ladder weight is plenty -RRB- they lock ! If it 's uneven , pick it up level and put it back down . Pretty slick . I feel much safer now than before with my blocks of wood ! I looked at the other types of levelers , but you need to bend over each time to set them , for my back these are worth the extra bucks and time to install . -LRB- Regarding bucks , these seem very high quality , everything is Al , Chromate or galvanized . The only plastic is a cap atop each leg , though these are n't critical for operation . Regarding install , took me 3 hrs -RRB- . I put them on a 24 ' Davidson Aluminum ladder . Templates are available for all Werner ladders , but not for other brands , so I had to play around a little before drilling . -LRB- Make sure you leave enough room to get the nuts on from the inside ! I put it all the way against the back so that the upper section of my ladder would n't contact the nuts/brackets when lowered , but almost could n't get my wrench under the ladder sides to tighten them ! -RRB- Like another reviewer , I could n't see any reason to cut off the bottom rung , I 'm curious why they want you to do that.The installation instructions are available above -LRB- . pdf file -RRB- , I 'd recommend reading first if you are like me and want to put them on a non-Werner ladder .
 I always seem to be working on uneven ground with my ladder . I would use pieces of wood to try to keep it straight , which by the way can be dangerous . This level master makes it easy to get it straight and secure . I plan on purchasing one for my shorter ladder now
 I would not be classified as a handyman . Installing took a good 2 + hours but it was worth it . They do everything they say they do and it made painting my house so much easier and safer.Installation needs to be done slowly and methodically . I messed up a few holes because of missing direction steps . Take your time and make sure you allocate enough time so you are not rushed.Biggest thing to remember when installing I found was , when one leg is extended ... the other leg is not . May seem elementary but if I had remembered that I would have not had to undo part of the install .
 The package consists of two aluminum units , one for each side . Each side has a star type gear which turns by means of a track inside the unit which makes each leg move up or down . The square rod which connects these two gears goes through the rung of the ladder and ties the two units together so that when one leg moves up , that gear turns the rod and makes the other gear turn the opposite way and makes that side come down . Once the other side touches down , the gears can no longer turn against each other , so they lock up . Since neither gear can turn , both gears move upward in elongated slots which are spring loaded -LRB- approx . 3/4 '' -RRB- on each side which then locks the both gears in place and stabilizes the ladder on un-level ground . Pretty ingenious actually.This is the second Werner PK-80 I 've ordered . For those who are concerned about cutting off the bottom of their ladders , I simply attached mine at the bottom-most rung without cutting . That way , I could remove it if I did n't like it . Turns out , it worked great plus it added 6 inches or so to the ladder . The only trouble I found with the leveler was , as others have noted , it does add extra weight to the bottom of the ladder and , if you put the ladder upright while it is lying on it 's side , the one leveler goes completely up which , of course puts the other side completely down so that when the ladder is standing in a vertical position , it is a foot or so in the air on the one leg . However to correct this , just pick it straight up -LRB- to take the weight off the one leg -RRB- and put it back down and it will auto adjust to level . I can see where this could be a problem with longer ladders especially fiberglass models . But other than that , I think they are worth it . For those who have trouble installing this leveler I found these critical areas during the install . 1-the 6 holes you drill in the ladder to attach each side is rather unforgiving so use the template and a center punch to mark them . I had one hole off a little but I just drilled the holes one drill bit size larger . 2 - When the leveler is installed , keep in mind the diameter of the rung is approx . 11/2 '' . The square rod has to be able to move up and down approx . 1/2 to 3/4 of an inch inside the rung in order to lock when both feet touch down . 3 - Be sure the first rung is completely up and the second is pulled completely down when you install the rod that ties the units together . 4-Depending on the ladder you have , cutting the ladder may have to be done in order to get the full range of motion . -LRB- That was where I lucked out . Once I removed the origional ladder feet , I installed it on the lowest rung . This may all sound complicated , but once you see the unit , it will make more sense .
 The PK80-2 leveler is very safe , but why does this product require cutting off the bottom of the base legs rather than being designed like the PK70-1 which does not ?
 This product is quite ingenious and works very well . The only problem I 've found is that the height adjustment is generally limited to one stair height.Installation is not for the meek . It involves disassembly of you current ladder base , hacksawing the side members , drilling new bolt holes using carefully chosen templates , and installing the auto ladder leveler hardware . However , the directions were excellent and if carefully followed , the installation should be successful .
 These things are great ! Makes hanging drywall and painting above the stairway a breeze -LRB- one leg on one step , other leg on the next step down -RRB- . Uneven ground , no problem . Best thing is there is nothing to adjust ! just position the ladder and walk up it . Installation was easy . The only bad thing about putting these legs on your ladder is that it will constantly be on loan to neighbors once they see you using it .
 I do not have a Warner Ladder and was not sure the product would work . I installed the levelers according to the directions on my 20 ft extension ladder and they work great . The directions were easy to follow even though my ladder was not listed in the instructions . The levelers make it very easy to set up the ladder on level or uneven ground . It was one of the best investments I have ever made .
 The Werner Automatic Ladder Leveler is the only one that I 've found that `` automatically '' levels the ladder legs . All other require manual settings . A little work to install on legs , but worth the effort . I have one on each of the extension ladders that I have and now never worry about how steady the ladder is going to be if there is a slight `` slope '' where the ladder is placed .
 The Werner Three-Way-Tool Tray Comfort Step is a great way to maximize the use of your ladder . It takes the strain off your legs ! The step eliminates the leg pain I get from standing on the narrow rungs of a ladder for any length of time . What a relief not to endure painful charley horses after ladder duty ! The convenience of being able to use it as a tool tray warrants buying a second one . I also purchased theWerner QuickClick Stabilizerand have been satisfied with that as well . ~ The Boss
 Same ladder $ 50 less . Amazon wo n't honor their price match , so do n't try to get that . False advertising .
 srf0743 ,02092011 . htm.mct4 -LRB- qrl -LRB- t7qsi -LRB- I think that this was a very good purchase ... I got to clean my gutters in the backyard everything worked perfectly and it also stores -LCB- fits -RCB- nicely in the basement ^ subfloor . Thank you. : alz ; 745dgz
 These are great ladders for the $ , a good value.Now for the rest of the story : If you can not go to the store and pick one up , even Lowes just a few miles from my house charges $ 45 for delivering a ladder . Why should you be surprised that Amazon has to recoop their delivery & processing fees ? No such thing as a free lunch !
 I love this feature . A long ladder that extends to a shorter distance ... - 20 ' ladder extends to 17 ` Incredible !
 Very Strong , 32lb make it very easy to move around . Extending ladder is very simple .
 I have been agonizing over how to clean my gutters for months ! Do I borrow a ladder ? - Uncomfortable to ask , and I do not own a truck to deliver the ladder , further inconvenience to the loaner . Do I purchase a ladder from a store ? Not many carry over 24 ft. , no truck to bring home , and rental trucks are a real pain and expense just to buy something in the electronic age.I needed a 32 ft. extension ladder quickly , the water was spilling over the edge of my gutters . I decided to shop amazon.com . Great decision ! The ladder arrived within the delivery time and without any problems . Just a reminder that a 32 ft. extension ladder has a maximum reach of 31 ft. and a maximum standing height of 24.8 ft. , so shop wisely for the correct ladder.My gutters are clean and I feel great ! One more thing , my ladder was eligible for free shipping - A real no-brainer decision when I found out .
 Ca n't beat free shipping on this huge 40ft ladder . Great price and delivered in perfect condition . The only thing to be aware of is that this ladder is really heavy . It 's almost impossible to move or place with just one person . Worked well and seemed sturdy when I was up on it with a paint bucket . Would reco to anyone looking for a big ladder and does n't want to try to haul something this big from Menards or Home Depot .
 The Werner D1328-2 is an excellent 28 foot 250 LB rated aluminum extension ladder . I am using it to paint trim on my two story house . Well built and sturdy ! I have a Werner 16 foot 225 pound rated ladder and their is quite a difference in construction strength between the two and I feel much more comfortable climbing my new Werner 28 foot 250 LB rated ladder.Kudos to Amazon . I paid $ 247 shipped for it which was cheaper than local box stores and I did not have to pay for or arrange shipping . I ordered it 09/12 via free shipping and it arrived 09/22 . Amazon tracking info was right on for delivery date and shipper called my 2 days prior to let me know that it would arrive on 09/22 between 8:00 AM and noon . They delivered it at 8:00 AM sharp and called that morning to remind of delivery . Ladder arrived looking new !
 I purchased this ladder right after Hurricane Isabel to do repairs on my home . It has been used numerous times and still is just as good as new . It is well constructed and I would recommend it highly .
 What a deal ! I do n't have the ability to transport a 28 ' ladder . It never dawned on me to check Amazon & have it delivered . Google shopping led me to you . Delivery was on time & relatively cheap -LRB- certainly cheaper than renting a truck . -RRB- The product is just as advertised.I could n't be happier .
 The biggest advantage for us of buying this 24ft ladder from Amazon was the delivery . There was no feasible way we could 've hauled this monster home had we bought it from HD or Lowes . Renting a truck or having those home center stores delivery it would be costly . As far as ladder goes , it is well-constructed and served our needs for that one occassion when I had to climb 17 ft to service a leaky wall A/C . I will probably use it again to put trims around the A/C . Would 've bought the 28ft ladder but the increased weight was a put off in our case . Overall , a great product and a great purchased from Amnazon . Thanks Amazon for the speedy delivery .
 This is a great , sturdy ladder that will last us years and years .
 this is the same ladder -LRB- price and quality -RRB- that one would purchase from a local hardware store with the benefit of having it delivered ! it was shipped promptly . the delivery company that i dealt with was perfect ! this may be where some customers may have the difference of experience . i was able to track every step of the transit and our local company that handled this purchase was prompt and accommodating with communication to arrange delivery as well as friendly with the actual drop off . it did arrive with one little dimple dent -LRB- it did not have any packaging but i do n't know how one would package an item this size ! -RRB- , but nothing that would affect the operation nor did it compromise the safety of the ladder . i carefully considered this factor after pondering over the negative reviews and decided to take my chance and i am pleased to say that i am one of those submitting the positive ! perfect all around !
 Product came quick , exactly what I order . I did n't have to hassle with driving home 28ft ext ladder from Home Depot ...
 Nice white light for the bathroom light strip . Great price compared to the grocery and a good , even number in the pack !
 My daughter has a multi-bulb floor lamp in her dorm room , and the light emitted from this bulb is perfect for giving her the right amount of light she needs in order to read and study , without any kind of glare or harshness that we experienced with some other bulbs we 'd used previously . Wish it was a bit less expensive since the lamp uses five and we 've had to replace them fairly often , but otherwise a great bulb !
 This product is very practical , not only it helps protect against my house wall , it also acts like a pair of rubber shoes for the upper end of my ladder , so my ladder does not slide across the wall . I feel very comfortable and secure with these ladder covers on my ladder . And the price is cheaper than the local home improvement store near my house . Highly recommended .
 I have found these bumpers to be so handy for far more than just covering the ends of extension ladders . As a contractor I keep several sets on my truck to cover dangers on the site and to keep workers sage from projections .
 I am a window washer so , I 'm on my Werner ladders everyday . I have these mits on all of my ladders . I love them - I NEED them!They get wet so when they are dirty , they will leave `` muddy '' marks on the side of the house . Just use some common sense . You wo n't be able to completely collapse your extension ladders if you decide to leave these on all the time -LRB- like I do -RRB- . They will get pushed off unless you leave your ladder extended one rung . It 's no big deal though . It 's just one rung.These last a long time . My only problem is that my employees are sometimes careless while loading the ladders and they knock one off from time to time . These are cheap enough to warrant having an extra pair sitting in the wings for when they get lost .
 I ca n't count the times I 've had to take time to scrounge up some rags and try to tie them or tape them to the end of my extension ladder , not to mention that time when nothing else was available and I had to put my socks on the ladder ends to keep from damaging someone 's wall paint.Now my ladder ends are better cushioned than before and I know the covers wo n't slip off or wear through as can happen with rags.My ladders ride on a roof rack on top of my van where they pick up whatever dirt and dust comes their way , so I keep a pair of these ladder covers inside my van and slip them onto the ladder when needed . That way I always know that they will be clean .
 These covers are thick but flexible and fit my Werner MT-22 convertible ladder perfectly . I intend to order another set so I do n't have to bother removing them when positioned in the step ladder configuration . They are soft yet stable with light embossing that adds another level of grip . Products like this can make all the difference in using tools optimally and are worth every penny .
 my daughter is thrilled with these . she says so far her husband has no booboos from his use of the ladder . and neither does their house . this is a very high recommendation , considering the user !
 all ladders should be sold with these for both the botton and top feet non marking and super grip a winning combination
 Fit well and protects the paint on my siding , plus help the ladder to stay stable . They fit tight so they do not fall off .
 Covers are great . If they were a little softer , would n't cause marks on walls . I would recommend them to anyone .
 A great accessory for my Werner telescoping multi-ladder . Although they were difficult to put on , worth the added protection they offer
 This is really for convention extension ladders . I bought mine for a Werner multi-fold ladder . Not really sure about its efficacy on this ladder but if you have an extension ladder which you do n't want to scratch where it touches at the top , this will work better than wrapping rags around .
 I have a non-Werner ladder and these covers fit just fine.My issue is that , since they cover the top of the ladder legs , the other `` sliding '' part of my extension ladder can no longer slide fully back into position . In other words , my ladder has two segments , the `` base '' ladder and the extension that slides up and down . When the extension is in the down , non-extended position , the two segments are the same length and should be positioned evenly/flush with each other , however the cover prevents the extension from sliding fully down into position.Admittedly , these are `` Werner '' ladder covers and my ladder is not a Werner , so they might work perfectly with a Werner ladder .
 Bought this for my daughter to paint her 2 story entryway . She said it was perfect especially over the 2 story steps . Top heavy when fully extended . Her husband was so impressed he kept making up reasons to climb it too .
 These protector boots worm well . They stay on well and do the job . Material safely protects the walls . I would purchase again .
 Very thick rubber . A little hard to slip on , use soapy water . My old ladder had very sharp edges on top . I sometimes nicked myself if I grabbed the top edge or got scraped if I was climbing over the top . The covers protect me from those sharp top edges .
 The product received was everything I had hoped it would be relative to form fit and function ! I would recommend this product to anyone .
 These go on easily and protect the wall you are leaning ladder against . They are not too bulky so do n't get in your way and they stay on the ladder even when transporting on a rack .
 We had two ladders that had broken covers on the tops and they scratched whatever we leaned them against !! Imagine how happy I was to find these covers , and evenhappier when they arrived and we put them on our ladders !! Thank you for a great product and we heartily recommend them to anyone who had a problem like we did !!!!
 Purchased this for my 32 foot Warner Ladder . Fits snugly . Protects the stucco . I recommend wetting the inside with water and using a rubber mallet and lightly tap them in . They went in like a breeze .
 Since Werner does n't explicitly state that these will fit a Werner MT-22 ladder , I had to buy these hoping they would . The good news is they do ! In fact , they fit great - nice and snug and wo n't come off unless you pull them off . They slipped right over the ends of the ladder and protected my new -LRB- and still a bit soft -RRB- paint from the tearing and scarring that the built-in black MT-22 tips were causing.If you need to get back up a wall to paint a second coat or do trim work , but do n't want to wait several days -LRB- or possibly week -LRB- s -RRB- -RRB- for the paint to fully ` harden ' , get a pair of these . Not only are they soft and gentle on new paint jobs , they 're specially shaped with an angle design that matches the slope of the ladder against the wall , spreading out the pressure as much as possible . Good design , great product .
 I installed a pair of these on my 40 ' Werner fiberglass extension ladder . They work wonderful , protect the exterior wall which I was painting last fall while I moved the ladder up and down . Installation was simple - just slip these covers over the ladder ends.On the longer ladders such as mine , which is also substantially heavier at 90 pounds than shorter versions , the ladder can be a bit unwieldy to extend or contract , or otherwise manipulate . This risks damaging the wall you 're painting , unless you protect the surface from the ladder ends with homemade remedies or covers like these .
 I have a stucco home and had some work done on it . The workers who used these with their ladders left no marks on the exterior of the house . Those who did n't use these did leave small ladder marks on the exterior of the house . At less than $ 10 , they are well worth it .
 Werner Extension Covers are the ideal accessory for myWerner 28-Foot Fiberglass Extension Ladderto prevent any damage being done to our home 's siding when I put my ladders up and take them down . The ladders are heavy and you ca n't always control how gently they land on a house . Buying these is a small price to pay when you consider the time and cost of replacing siding that has been dented or scratched in the course of setting the ladders up , not to mention the aggravation of tracking down and finding matching siding if you do n't have any extras on hand . They are easy to snap on and can be quicky taken off and used on theWerner 22-Foot Telescoping MultiladderI use for our cabin . ~ The Boss
 I have a Werner D6200 20 ' fiberglass extension ladder that is 15-20 years old and these covers fit just fine with a little encouragement from a rubber mallet . Nice to see that current accessories still fit the old stuff . Recommended . Minor nit
 These were perfect for my ladder , and my walls . These covers provide a nice cushion between your hard ladder and your not so hard drywall walls . Plus , they simply slide onto the ends of the ladder . I enjoy simple tasks !
 The first day I tried my Werner ladder -LRB- which is awesome -RRB- , it scuffed up my walls with black rubber markings when I was trying to paint the walls ! I bought these and instantly no more black markings , no blue markings and no markings what-so-ever ! Just buy and you wo n't be sorry , make sure it fits your ladder model .
 I purchased these with the Werner D18282EQ ladder . These fit perfectly , and provide much needed cushioning to protect your walls/siding . I also ended up getting the AC78 QuickClick Stabilizer which helped stabilize the ladder quite a bit . If you get the Stabilizer , there 's no more need for this product . At least I have a second Werner ladder -LRB- MT-17 -RRB- that these will work with if I ever need them .
 I am very glad I purchased the Werner AC19-2 Extension Ladder Covers because it is a very good close fit . I can leave them on all the time and hence ready to go when I need to position the ladder up against my newly painted home .
 Who wants to be stuck in the air on a ladder that quivers and leaves dark smudges where a brush wo n't reach ? But when something works even better than you think it will , gives thanks ! I 'll never use another ladder without these groovy rubber guys that make scaling the heights much , much steadier . Also , they really do save the walls from the black marks . I sure appreciate being a bit steadier when I 'm in the perilous position of being up a ladder against a wall at over 17 feet . Happy climbing ...
 What is there to say ? It is a heavy duty foam end cover for the ladder . The one on the ladder is hard but works well but since I use it as a step ladder most of the time this is nice to put on when using it as an extension ladder .
 Using these can save your ladder and the placement source from dings and other marks . They can pretty much pay for themselves the first time you cause any damage without them . It takes all of 10 seconds to install them on each side . My minor gripe is that they could be a little thicker to prevent marring on them from brick , but for $ 8-10 you can just get another pair when they begin to wear and not feel too bad . Only other issue is that they do n't fit as tight as they should . It becomes annoying having to readjust after every ladder placement .
 Non-slip , non-marking covers for a ladder . I tried bubble wrap and duct tape . This works much better . Do n't be a cheapskate .
 Menards has the EXACT same thing in yellow for a bit over 6 dollars . Same package , same mold . I ca n't knock the review because of the price , they perform well . Just wish I had looked at Menards first .
 These covers fit my 24 foot Werner ladder perfectly . They are nice and thick and look like they should last forever ! And the price was great - ca n't ask for more .
 Not much to say , really . Time will tell if it is durable but all indications are that it is .
 When I first got myWerner AC78 Quickclick StabilizerI made a mental note to glue the end caps on because it was obvious there was potential to lose them . Unfortunately I did n't get around to doing that before I lost one of the metal end pieces , and in 1/2 day of roofing work without it I wore a hole in the rubber end cap . And of course there 's no way to buy just the one part , you have to buy this whole set . They are the exact parts that come with the stabilizer , so whether you lose an original part or tear a rubber cap , buy this replacement set and you 're back in business.This time , as soon as I got the replacement set , I glued on the metal end pieces , wrapped the ends in a piece of tape to keep them in place , and slid the rubber caps over the tape . The added thickness should be enough to keep the rubber caps from falling off , and if they do they 're a lot easier to find on the ground than the metal pieces .
 The metal and rubber end caps were an exact replacement for the ones that were wore out . Ordering was easy and the items arrived in a timely manner .
 This is just a part . It fit my extension piece very well . Packaged well and easy to put on . Might want to use a good tape to attach the aluminum plates though . If rubber end caps come off at an inconvenient place , plates will fall out and be lost .
 They work well , and now they are duct taped on ! They are good to have on hand when one goes missing !
 If you lost one of your end caps then this is what you need . This time though I used silicone sealer to adhere the caps to the brace . Hope I do n't lose one again anytime soon .
 These rubber end caps are designed to protect your paint when using a stablizer with your ladder.They come with arced aluminum inserts to keep the harsh edges of the aluminum tubing stablizer from cutting through the rubber.To install , I inserted the arced inserts and held them in place with a strip of duct tape . I then put a couple of drops of liquid soap on the inside of the rubber caps to make them slide over the tape and aluminum easily . The soap evaporates and the caps are held firmly in place .
 The caps fit the ladder perfectly . Tried to find caps at local stores and ended up at this site -- should have started here first .
 I was so happy to find these on Amazon . I could ` nt find the anywhere local . Using rags taped to the end of my stabalizer does not realy look profesional on my jobs . Great t have them back .
 This is a must have item if you use your ladder alot . It has enough width when needed and easily switches to greater stand-off . Will get you safely on and off a roof from the gable side if needed . It will also easily get you on and off the peak as well . Plenty of stand-off for deep eaves and plenty of width for stability or servicing double windows . I am surprised at how light weight it is , does n't make extending the ladder any more difficult at all . Nice that the sides come off to move the ladder around easier . Has nice large soft pads that are big enough to spread the load and not mar any surface . Expensive as stand offs go but well worth the extra . Buy with confidence .
 Because I had such success with the Shur-line Handi-Painter sponge , I bought this little guy one day when I had some wood shelves to paint . Almost went with a brush but I was using a dark colored semi gloss and knew brush strokes would be very visible . Enter this little roller . I rolled that latex paint onto the primered wood using this and the results were as close to professional as I have ever done . This works fast and smooth and lays down a very even coat with no drips over the edges . There is something about the materials the Shur-Line uses that just puts paint to a surface more evenly than the competition . This little roller is no exception . The packaging doubles as a little roller tray . Even that works suprisingly well . I just put a few plastic teaspoonfuls of paint into it and then wet the roller and got to work . Make sure to not oversoak this little roller . It needs to be wet but not dripping . Definite 5-stars for this one . I cleaned it up afterwards , including the tray and put it away safely , to get ready for the next project . The surest sign of my level of satisfaction with painting apparatuses is how carefully I put them away when I am done , and this one got the royal treatment .
 Use these for small touch up and small area paint jobs . They are very good , disposable , minimal mess , fast and easy . I have used them repeatedly and glad to have discovered them .
 This product worked great . I used it to paint the window sill , edges around my outlets , and around the base boards . I also used it to smooth out brush stroke lines . The roller pads do n't last that long so I would recommend buying a couple extra . I painted only 3 walls in a small room and the nap was pretty much destroyed . I think for the next time I paint I will go with a sturdier product that is not made out of plastic . This was my first time painting though and for what its worth it worked great .
 I had to patch a few small drywall holes . I purchased this kit and it was so easy to use that I found myself repairing even more paint chips in my wall than I had anticipated .
 I bought these and am currently using them to paint my stair railing and spindles . I was using a brush and it was taking forever but these are helping knock the job right out ! One review said this was cheap , which it is but it seems to do the job well , especially on tedious spots as what I 'm doing . Hope this review helps .
 Very handy for a small job . I have used this line of products for years and have always liked how they worked .
 With 6 '' lumber used throughout including steps , this attic staircase is very solid . It is great for those who have a fear of ladders as it does n't move when climbing . We are replacing an aging 4 '' material one that was very unstable . We installed it by temporarily removing the bottom 2 folds which dropped the weight down under 30 # making it more managable relative to its total 62 # . It 's well worth the extra few dollars to buy the 350 # rated one over the 250 # stairs .
 Well built , easy to install . Plywood door and reinforced steps make for a stairway that should last as long as the house does !
 Product is well made and is very satisfactory , the shipment was received in good order and as scheduled . This item is highly recommended .
 Lately I 've been using three of the Werner 5607-19 planks and three of the Bil-Jax planks with two sections of Bil-Jax scaffolding . The Bil-Jax planks are nice but the Werner planks seem to fit better . The Werner planks can easily be locked onto the scaffolding with a 10 penny nail . The best thing is that they are considerably lighter than the Bil-Jax . I can carry two of these at once , although two of the Bil-Jax is more of a struggle . The Werner 's are MUCH easier to lift up to the top of the scaffold , especially when we stack two sections of scaffolding to sand the ceiling in our great-room . We probably will buy our own scaffolding but we will insist on the Werner planks .
 I am a construction worker by trade and I know that I needed a reliable flashlight with plenty of candlelight power when I am up at the ceiling , Yet with cheap operating cost of recharging option.Some of my coworkers laugh at me for spendinng $ 100 on a flashlight , but now the only problem I now have is that my coworkers love to borrow it because their $ 10 maglite can not deliver the same kind of power.Very good piece of equipment . Certainly the BMW of flashlights . Be sure to not let it out of sight because it may be stolen.kaman Chan
 Hands down this is the best flash light I 've ever owned.The brightnes and intesenity of light just ca n't be be beatI would have given it 5 stars but the battery is onlygood for an hour of constant use before it has to berecharged.Also becuase it is made of aluminum when you drop it , itwill mar and scar the finish . This light has a rubber gripwhich they should have encased the whole light in that way when you dropthere is no damaged to the housing of the light but the lightis unbreakable not unscratchable ... add the rubber streamlight .
 I got this attic ladder on line , cuz the price was right along with free shipping , and far better than anything the Home Depot or Lowes had to offer . My son and I installed it in a couple hours and it works just fine .
 Werner 's ladder is a high-quality product . Much sturdier than the wooden folding ladders . However , the wood access panel attached to the ladder is cheaper quality wood , which easily frays . Also , it notes that the ladder is for spaces from 7 ' -0 '' to 8 ' -5 '' . My floor to ceiling is 7 ' -8 '' and did not fit as the instructions directed . I had to trim the aluminum legs down so the ladder properly extends .
 High quality , solid , durable , secure , safe and easy to install . Much higher quality than the wooden versions . Would hate to survive the trek into my attic without it !!
 The previous review is improperly ascribed.It does not apply to the aluminum access ladder which is just fine .
 My stepfather and I ripped out my previous wood ladder setup -LRB- which he took for himself - people helping people , it 's powerful stuff -RRB- and installed this one in a matter of an hour . I need to trim the legs a tiny bit to be gap free but that will be maybe 2 minutes of work with some snips . I really like the ease with which the ladder comes down and goes back up . My old unit would shoot back up when trying to put the ladder in the closed position.Definitely worth the money and I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone needing an attic ladder .
 This ladder is everything you could want in an attic ladder . It is sturdy , durable , and reliable . We had it installed by an experienced worker and it works great . No problems at all . 100 % recommended !!!
 I bought this ladder at Lowes for $ 185.00 and found it to be a great product . I was sceptical seeing it was made in China but it is very well built . The instructions were easy to follow and there is a online video that walks you step by step through installation . I had a friend help me lift the one piece assembly into the attic and that was all the help I required . It looks great and is very sturdy . I am very impressed .
 My attic ladder was out of warrenty when a hinge -LRB- white metal -RRB- broke . After contacting Werner , to find replacement parts , they responded within 24 hours . They are sending a new section with stainless steel hindges at no charge .
 Hi I am a professional roof consultant by trade , so I know a bit about ladders . I have used many . The plastic ends on Werners ladders indicate the load capacity . Blue = 250 # Red 200 # Yellow 225 # . Apparently they are changing the color code to green for 225 # . I have found this ladder , the 1228 yellow tip to be the best choice for about 95 percent of my work . It doesent break my back , the rails are far enough apart for a good secure feel when I am on the ladder and it is very well made . I am replacing a blue tip 250 # 28 footer with this one because the blue is a back breaker . I hate to admit it but I am near 250 # and the yellow tip does not deflect with me on it even when it is fully extended -LRB- South beach , here I come -RRB- This is an excellent all around ladder that will serve you for many years . One change you should make if you leave it outside like I do is to change the rope with a good 1/2 inch marine grade rope that dosent degrade from UV . I guess the rope it comes with is OK if the ladder is kept inside most of the time . Mine stays on my truck.At the risk of preaching to the choir , I am passing on the following advice and tips :1 . Be extremely careful around power lines . If you are absent minded or just live around a lot of power , buy fiberglass . But beware , they weigh a ton , and really slip on aluminum gutters , and metal edges .2 . Stick some peel and stick rubber on the back rails where the ladder will contact metal . metal to metal slips nearly as bad as fiberglass to metal .3 . Always keep your load perpendicular to the rungs . In other words , never side load the ladder when stepping onto the roof , or onto the ladder from the roof .4 . ALways extend the ladder at least 3 rungs above the eaves .5 . do not reach , move the ladder .6 . Tie the ladder off . I secured about a 6ft . length of rope on the third rung this is an indicator of correct height , and is used to tie it off . I ended up stuck on a roof in a snow storm once because I was in a hurry : - -LRB- 6 . Fill the ends of the rungs with `` stuff '' -LRB- Polyurethane foam -RRB- and paint with latex paint . It kills that annoying humming as the wind passes over the ends of the open rungs . -LRB- Blow over bottle : - -RRB- 7 . If you are scared of height , it is a sign of intelligence . Gravity works every time . A good ladder really helps prevent accidents , and this is a good ladderEven though I have a truck , I bought my ladders from Amazon.com Its easy , fast , and you dont have to talk to the boneheads at the big boxes who dont know the difference between a blue tip and a Q tip.Note
 The only thing more stable to stand on than a Werner extension ladder is the ground . I borrowed one of these last weekend from my neighbor and compared it side-by-side to my crappy ... extension ladder . Let 's just put it this way
 I have already used my new ladder repeatedly and find it quite satisfactory . It can be a little wobbly when fully extended and I am half way up , but that is the tradeoff on purchasing a `` Medium Duty , Type II '' ladder that weighs less than 27 lbs -LRB- shipping weight -RRB- . If you are on the big side , and I am not , then I would suggest buying a heavier duty model . The raising and lowering mechanism works very well and is easy to use . What I find hard to understand is why the manufacturer has neglected to put a crimp ring or a strip of shrink tubing around the lose end of the raising/lowering rope which should not cost them more than $ 0.25 , installed . The rope on mine started unravelling almost right away .
 I purchased the 250-lb . test weight 24 ft extension ladder from Werner . It is beautiful and solid . Delivery went without a hitch with very nice contact and cooperation from the shipper . I 've needed this ladder for so-o long but could n't get it home and could n't get it delivered from local stores . This is a beautiful , sturdy ladder and you can not beat the price . Be aware that the extension capacity is slightly less than the stated footage , obviously ... you need to read the full description included in the online information and get your measurements right allowing for distance from the house . Use your high school -LRB- now middle school -RRB- geometry , i.e. , a squared plus b squared equals c squared to figure your ladder length requirement.So cool , way to go Amazon with this product diversification !
 This 28 ` typeII - 225 pound rated werner is a nice extention ladder compared to all other brands simply because it dose n't twist when your in the air . This ladder is pretty much for painting and maintence work but to tell you the truth this ladder can be pretty bouncy when fully extended . I would reccommend a typeI-250lbs or a type1A-300 lbs to help keep the flex out of your work !
 I bought this latter recently to access the roof of my one-story house . It 's the perfect size for my house . I do n't have a truck , and it was very convenient to order this on Amazon with free super-saver shipping and have it delivered to my door . In addition , I 'm small and not very strong , but I found this ladder light and easy to - maneuver - or as light and easy to maneuver as a 16 foot ladder can possibly be .
 I was wondering how I would get a 32 ' extension ladder to my house and then I thought of Amazon . I couldnt believe that they would ship such a thing -LRB- especially since shipping was free -RRB- . But it was delivered no problem . The ladder is great and I can finally do some home repairs that have been neglected due to the height . This ladder is sturdy and well built . It is also amazingly light . I am so glad I went thru Amazon instead of trying to bring this home from the store .
 I bought this to paint my Mom 's house and just to have around , its lightweight and easy to setup with just myself , being aluminum I can leave it outside with little protection , I 've used the fiberglass ladders already and they are so heavy to handle and setup , the 28foot ladder is a nice size . The ladder was delivered before the delivery date by a courteous trucking company who called ahead of time for delivery arrangements , it arrived in good condition , I would recommend this vendor to anyone .
 Great to see so many other reviewers jumping on this deal for the same reasons as mine . I have always needed a serious ladder to take care of the house - cleaning gutters , hanging lights , painting windows , cleaning siding , etc. . Could not solve the problem of how to buy and get one home until I hit upon the idea of ordering from Amazon . Great ladder , great price and doorstep delivery . Problem solved.Ladder is everything I hoped for . Do get a stabilizer bar
 When a piece of siding came loose from the second story of my house , I knew it was time to finally give in and buy a ladder . I knew I needed a larger extension ladder , and I also knew that I would have trouble getting it home in -LRB- on -RRB- my car . So I did what I usually do when I need something , I searched online . I was bemused by Amazon having several ladders available with free shipping , and placed an order.A few days later , a private contracted shipping company called to say they had my ladder and needed to arrange delivery . I received the ladder the next day , in great condition , and made my repair in a few minutes.This ladder is sturdy , well made , and is light enough to move around without too much difficulty . A great buy , at a great price , delivered to my front door without shipping costs added to the price .
 I confess , I am not very handy . I do n't need much out of a ladder except to get on my roof from time to time . This ladder lets me do that with ease . It 's study and easy to move about . What more do you want ?
 The Werner 28 footer is my workhorse ladder around the house and yard . Had it for years , still in great shape -LRB- although it has been through thick and thin with me -RRB- . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat . I 'll be adding leveler feet soon to better accommodate my yard 's slopes . Weight is ok , very stable even at full extension - and 28 ft is quite some height ...
 Had a roof leak . Roofing Company foolishly did not bring a long enough ladder . This ladder saved the day . It worked , and they liked it ! Easy to carry for one person -LRB- suggest two people when one is actually at the top of the ladder -LRB- just for safety -RRB- .
 This is simply an aluminum ladder but it has some great features that set it apart from other ladders of this type that I have owned . First it is extremely light for its 28 ' length , which makes it easy to handle and manoeuver around . The rungs are very wide and have a machined surface for a sure grip . Standing for long periods is comfortable on the feet and legs.Erection is easy with the rope center pull or you can simply push the lower rung and allow the self locking plates on either side of the ladder to lock as they pass each rung . Once locked in place the rungs are secure and the ladder feels solid with only minor movement at the longer extension . Lowering the ladder is equally easy . This is overall a very nice ladder that delivers a firm , safe operating height .
 D1240-2 40 ' was delivered on the 6th business day of order from Noble Direct . The green tip ends were packaged tight and the ladder is in great , new condition . It 's not everyday I need to climb close to 40 feet , but I feel safe with this Werner . It 's length and weight make it a challenge to extend to needed heights , but with the help of just one other person , a job can be done with uninjured satisfaction .
 The ladder is good but came through with minor shipping damage . Delivery was a couple of days late and I had to threaten cancellation to get it . The shipment charges were refunded . Thanks and regards , Jim
 I 'm a pretty big guy and I like to stay on the ground when possible , but having the right tools makes tempting gravity less risky . I use this plank between two Werner 8 ' twin step ladders , and it makes for a very solid , and very flexible scaffold . Having 10 ' between the ladders makes movement less frequent than if I used 4 ' sections of scaffolding , and having the outer side of a twin step ladder on each end makes it easy for someone to lend a hand if needed .
 I purchased this ladder for a `` sleeping loft '' above my home office . The office ceiling is only 8ft high and my husband and I did n't have any experience with folding access ladders so we were n't sure if they could be altered to fit the height we needed . Once again , Amazon.com made my purchase easy with both rating/reviews and their return policy.This ladder fit perfectly with a small adjustment to shorten the length and installation was pretty straightforward and simple . No assembly needed for the ladder , the whole thing is framed in just like a door or window . The width is a little narrow on the steps as well as overall so lugging large items up and down these stairs would be difficult but for simple access to a loft , as in our setup , it works great . Also , the unfinished wood stairs had a couple of loose steps that could slip out from their notched siderails but that was remedied with some wood glue and a couple of screws . The stairs themselves will look very nice when I stain them to match the wood trim in the rest of the house . The pull cord was flimsy so we made a retrofit to accomodate our frequent use of the stairs . Overall , we are happy with this item and the loss of one star is only because of the loose steps.As for Amazon.com -- I rate them a 10-star company and first source for everything I ca n't buy locally . Keep up the good work Amazon !
 If the flooring below the attic ladder is carpet with typical backing/pad , the measurements you take to trim the legs can be deceiving . I trimmed mine without considering the flooring would compress to some extent when there is a load on the extended ladder . The ladder itself split at the rivets of the top section . I still give it a good rating though considering it was 4 years ago that the ladder split on one side and I 've been using frequently since . Finally replacing now . So measure twice and cut conservatively .
 Unfortunately the thin door cover was broken upon arrival , and the frame came apart during initial fitting into the space -LRB- my friend and I were able to repair the frame with screws after removing it from the space -RRB- . Overall I am grateful that they still make this size .
 arrived on time . pretty easy to install with help from my 2 sons . works well for price . have had it in for several years and have had no problems with it .
 A better mousetrap ? No , just a better -LRB- my guess is -- the best -RRB- way to hang pictures on plaster walls . I had already started to hang a picture using a conventional hook and nail hanger , and the plaster just started to crack and crumble . So I stopped , found information about hanging pictures on plaster , and ordered Ook Shield . Although I was afraid to use the same spot where the plaster was already crumbling , I decided to try . The slim nail went right in , and in a minute the picture was hung . No other picture hanger for me , ever .
 I recently spent a shocking amount of money to have a large poster professionally framed -LRB- boy , does it look good ! -RRB- and ended up with a beautiful , but really heavy , picture to hang . The wall is plaster , so I try to be a little cautious about what and how I hammer into it . I used the biggest shield to hang the poster so I would be assured that it was more than adequate for the weight , and it 's worked perfectly now for a couple weeks.I have a combination of dry wall and plaster walls , and a handy feature of the OOK Shields is that they can be used on either . The sticky back is handy for positioning the hook , but it wo n't support the weight of the picture without being nailed in order to check the picture positioning , so I found it to be of limited value . The slots for the nails work great . It 's so handy to be able to drop the nails in the slots and have them stay right there while I hammer them in.I doubt very much that I will ever use another brand of picture-hanging hooks again . In fact , I bought a set of the `` regular '' ones , theOOK 50918 34-Piece Professional Picture Hanging Value Pieces Kit , right away to have them on hand .
 These wall hangers work very well . I bought this set from Amazon and loved it . The 11 piece thing is a little misleading , because they include the nails in the count -LRB- I know , I should have figured that out before purchasing -RRB- . I have since found out that this product is carried at Home Depot , and is a little cheaper . Great product though , and I will buy again -LRB- just not from this seller ! -RRB-
 I moved into a 1920s building that was full of plaster and lathe -LRB- which I discovered when trying to hammer a nail into a wall with horrible results -RRB- . I was terrified to try hanging anything else for fear of cracking the walls . I did some research and discovered these Ook Shields . They work as advertised - the skinny , sharp nails go easily into the plaster and lathe , and I 've not had trouble with the walls cracking.However , I must have gotten a `` stale '' batch because the glue on the back was completely dried up . I was n't able to stick them on the wall before nailing them in , so I had to use a little more caution to make sure all my measurements were correct . Even with this little setback , they were still pretty easy to use . I will purchase more .
 I bought this scaffold to paint off of a ladder using jacks . The plank is very sturdy , easy to work off of , and very slip resistant . I wish it was a little bit lighter , but I would not want to give up any of the strength and stability it currently has in order to shave off a couple of pounds . I am very happy with the quality of this plank and would recommend it to others .
 Great product at a very good price - much less than if I purchased it locally . Lightweight but sturdy - works great with ladder jacks , wall brackets , pipe staging and other applications . The first delivery brought me a different staging plank which I had no use for , but one toll-free call and a conversation with a very pleasant customer rep had the proper item on the way and pickup of the other plank at no cost in no time . very satisfied .
 I ordered the Werner A2508 ladder for a remodel project . It was delivered on time and in good working order . It was poorly packaged but it makes little difference to me as long as the product works and our customer is happy .
 I 've had this ladder for a year for access to my garage attic . I like that it 's aluminum and we have n't had any problems with people of 240lbs repeatedly climbing it . The only real problem I have with it -LRB- and this may be our fault during installation -RRB- is we have to bang one of the elbows with the pull-stick to get it to bend the other way so it can be opened . This needs to be done on one side every time it 's opened . Not a big deal since we do n't go up it every day . Otherwise it 's working very well and MUCH better than a wooden ladder .
 I rated it a 4 because of ` they ' cheaped out on the 5/8 '' wood frame that attaches to the framed-out 2x6 's in the ceiling . I believe the wood was fur but I think that for the price of the item and the quality of the rest of the ladder , they should have spent another 5 dollars . Apparently the designers never have first hand experience with the end results of their designs . The aluminum provides good rigidity after repeated use . I installed it myself . I 'm 59 and 155 # and did not have a problem .
 I have an unusually high 10 ' -5 '' ceiling in my garage . My 15 year old wooden access ladder was designed for 10 ' -0 '' and was all I could find in 1993 . The Werner A2510 will reach a height of 10 ' -5 '' per specs . I was advised by the factory that it could be extended to 10 ' -7 '' which was perfect for my application . I ordered the ladder from Amazon and it was built to order by Werner and delivered in four weeks . I am impressed by the heavy duty stiffness of the aluminum stairs compared to a wooden ladder . My wooden ladder -LRB- cracked a side rail -RRB- failed because it was n't long enough for my application . The A2510 arrived with some missing bolts and a sloppily framed 1 `` x4 '' base that anchors the ladder to the pulldown door . In spite of this , it fit PERFECTLY out of the box and did not require any further height adjustments from the ceiling to the floor . The A2510 would have been rated 5 stars had it not been for the sloppy workmanship and missing hardware . The aluminum stairs are extremely solid and are designed to take a 300 load .
 I bought this as a replacement for a wooden attic ladder that broke . This was a perfect ladder with much improved load capacity . Three specific notes : - Go to the Werner web-site to make sure this ladder fits your opening and ceiling height . - Read the instructions , especially adjusting the the length to fit the ceiling height . - Two people is a must . However , installation goes a lot faster and smoother if you remove the ladder from the frame -LRB- six bolts -RRB- , install the frame , then re-attach the ladder .
 I wonder whats going on with the price here on slamazon . 500 plus bucks ... seriously ... . This ladder A2510 is sold on several websites and at lowe 's for 262.00 !!! Check it out . Just looking out for everyone .
 This is a very high quality stair set . Installation is as easy as it can be for an overhead install . Cutting the bottom of the ladder to the correct length for your room height is very well explained and it ` works ' !! The only problem I found is the stairs need completely gone over to tighten all the nuts and fasteners . I do n't think there is a better stair set on the market .
 I did not buy this item on Amazon , but I can attest to the quality of the ladder . I purchased it through special order at a local store that sells Werner ladders.The box arrived in pristine condition , and the frame was square . I ripped out the old ladder -LRB- 45 minutes -RRB- , a friend helped me pop it up into the attic , set it on the supports -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- , and nailed and screwed it to the beams -LRB- 45 minutes -RRB- . We had to cut the legs because they were too long . That took about 45 minutes . Total time
 Werner Aluminum Extension Ladder - D500 seriesThis reviews the 24 ' ladder -LRB- 21 ' working length -RRB- , but most of the review applies to any length ... Product Review : I now own 11 ladders ; a fixed-length ladder , an articulating model , six step ladders -LRB- from 2 ' to 14 ' -RRB- , a Werner M13 multi-ladder , and two extension ladders . When available , I buy Type IAA ladders even though the thicker aluminum increases weight , because they are much stronger than even the next lowest rating -LRB- Type IA -RRB- . That 's important to someone weighing 270 lbs.Pros of this ladder : - sturdy , little flex when you 're up high . Type IAA is the highest duty rating -LRB- strongest -RRB- for any aluminum extension ladder . IAA 's hold more weight safely - the 24 ' model is pretty easy to move around by myself -LRB- see Customer Images for a table with the actual weights of all Werner Aluminum IAA ladders -RRB- - rope/pulley raising lowering mechanism works fine - ladder sections separate to make two fixed-length ladders - comfortable if standing on a section that overlaps , since you 'll be standing on the inner and outer rung at the same time . Much less comfortable to stand on one rung -LRB- rung depth is n't that great -RRB- for long periods - rungs ca n't twist and are tightly attached - outstanding heavy-duty shoe design -LRB- the rubber/aluminum assembly the ladder rests on -RRB- Cons : - a bit uncomfortable if standing for long periods on the rungs if wearing sneakers . When working for long periods , the Wermer AC-18MT auxiliary platform is a comfortable alternative . My old type IAA aluminum extension ladders have 3 '' deep rungs/steps , but those old-style ladders were heavier per foot of ladder . - Years ago , extension ladders were designed with the upper section behind the lower section . That design was safer because the top rung/step on the bottom section is in back of you and easy to find without looking when descending . Today 's extension ladders have the upper section in front . This is less safe , as the lower section is forward of that bottom rung . Be careful.Summary : This is an excellent , very strong , extension ladder ; well worth having ; but not a good value from Amazon . E.g. , the Lowes web site will charge local sales tax , but the total price will still be substantially less than the Amazon vendor 's price . Shipping to your local store is free . Pick up the ladder in person and avoid all delivery charges . If the ladder is damaged , it 's much easier to return -LRB- or reject before pickup -RRB- locally . . Choosing an extension ladder TypeExtension ladders are available in 5 duty ratings , called Type . The primary difference between Types is weight capacity , but check out WernerLadder -LRB- no space -RRB- dot com for features of specific models.For example , Werner offers five , two-section , 24 ' aluminum extension ladder models , one for each Type . Regardless of the length ladder you need , the shipping weights of the 24 ' models shows the relative weight differences between Types.Model ... Type ... Rating ... Shipping weightD1124-2 Type III ... 200 lbs ; 30 lbs.D1224-2 Type II ... 225 lbs ; 33.5 lbs.D1324-2 Type I. ... 250 lbs ; 40 lbs.D1524-2 Type IA ... 300 lbs ; 45 lbs.D524-2 . . Type IAA . . 375 lbs ; 49 lbs.Factors to consider when buying an extension ladder : - Type -LRB- weight capacity -RRB- you need/want . - Accessories . Ladder standoffs/stabilizers increase weight at the TOP of the ladder , making it more difficult to erect ; levelers increase weight at the bottom of the ladder . - Consider maximum working length appropriate for now , AND future tasks . - Maximum working length is between 3 and 5 feel less than total ladder length , depending on the model , because the two sections overlap ; verify specs before buying - Do n't buy a longer ladder than you 'll likely ever need ; longer means heavier , costlier , more unwieldily to setup and take down , and a longer storage area . - A friend bought a too-long extension ladder that was too heavy for him to handle . If possible , try setting up a ladder of the desired length & type , before purchasing . You might be able to do this at the store/lumber yard , where ladders are sold . - Fiberglass ladders are 20 % heavier than comparable -LRB- type/length -RRB- aluminum models . - Get aluminum if you 'll never work around power lines ; they are lighter and cheaper . - Get fiberglass if you 'll ever work around power lines ; they wo n't conduct electricity . - Think about storing it before you buy . Nothing rusts on these ladders , but they will get permanently filthy and the aluminum will pit , if stored outside . - Werner does not make IAA ladders -LRB- aluminum or fiberglass -RRB- over 32 ' , because they would be too heavy for most men to handle by themselves . - If you need a ladder for one job only , consider renting or borrowing one .
 I worked for Pacific Bell for 7yrs as an outside technician installing phone lines . I used this ladder for 7yrs while it was stored on the top of my van and subjected to rain and heat . It took a beating without compromising safety and I used it to climb on roofs , run wire under eves , climb into attics , trim trees , etc. . Now that I live out in the country , this is the ladder that will take care of all my climbing needs .
 I purchased this ladder about a month ago from Amazon . It arrived via their carrier -LRB- too big for UPS -RRB- about a week before Amazon 's estimated delivery which was a nice surprise ; unfortunately after I took it home -LRB- I had it delivered to my work -RRB- I found that one of the legs had been smashed at some point and there was a large crack in the fiberglass . So I called Amazon customer service and to their credit they setup a new delivery quickly and relatively effortlessly.I received my replacement ladder about a week later and was happy to find it in good working order . Being that I am a bigger guy -LRB- 300 lbs + -RRB- I purchased this ladder for working around the house as I wanted a single ladder that could be used for multiple purposes . So far this ladder fits the bill very well . My thoughts thus far are : GOOD : - Well built-Well designed-Lightweight for such a ladder-Takes up less space -LRB- it serves the purpose of what would otherwise require two separate ladders -RRB- BAD : - Not a lot of thought put into ways a consumer might store the ladder -LRB- it seems to only ways are to lay it down flat or leaning against a wall . If you want to hang it sideways on a wall , the design does not support itself -RRB- - No top step or other area on the ladder to help with projects -LRB- i.e. to hold tools or materials while working on it -RRB- OTHER : - The rungs are round and rather painful if you attempt to climb it without sturdy shoes . I ca n't knock Werner for this as this ladder is obviously designed for commercial use , not residential so it is unlikely this was given much consideration . Still for anyone thinking about buying this for their home -LRB- like me -RRB- this is not a casual use ladder . It is big and bulky and is fit more for projects than fixing the quick burned out lightbulb.-Even though my replacement ladder was structurally fine , it still looked like it had received some abuse . I do n't know if this was at Amazon 's warehouse or if it happened in route via the carrier however the ladder already showed signs of wear . I ca n't blame Werner for this though and therefore I did not reduce the score in this review . Still it should be noted.-I was watching the price on this ladder -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- for probably a year as $ 300 to $ 400 is a lot for a ladder to use for residential use . Eventually the price fell to about 1/2 of the listed price which is when I pounced . I am not sure if it was a pricing mistake but within the hour of my purchase , the price went back up by over $ 100 . So for me I feel like I got an extremely good deal on a ladder that should last me 20 + years.UPDATE
 I was replacing this same ladder that was over 20 years old . I do a lot of tree maintenance and the `` V '' stabilization bar at the top of the extension is great for solid stability on a small to medium tree to get me to a limb for climbing . Then for working out on lower limbs of landscape trees the `` A frame '' ladder configuration works great . It is just a fine ladder !
 I work as an electrician and I think this ladder is better than any other by far . We have used many other ladders and this exceeds all other ladders . It is light portable and versatile . You ca n't go wrong with this ladder .
 I must say I was leery of ordering this size of product on-line , so I tried to find it locally at Ace Hardware , Home Depot , Granger & Loews . The problem is that they do n't carry the 375LB ladders on a normal basis in stock , they must be ordered in , and the pricing is way more than Amazon . After driving all over town to see if anyone carried the 375LB ladders in stock , I conceded and decided to order it from Amazon based on a great price and free shipping , hoping that the ladder would arrive in one piece . I did n't want to have to return a large product like this due to shipping damage or whatever , big hassle for sure . Amazon quoted a 7-10 day free shipping window which was ok by me . I received a call in 7 days from a logistics/shipping company saying that they could deliver the ladder on the 9th day between 9 and Noon , I said great ! They came exactly in the middle of the window and the guy from the shipping company was cool , and he said that many people buy ladders through Amazon due to the price , so they deliver these all the time . I looked over the ladder it was in perfect condition and was very well packed to make the trip from Werner in Texas ! Werner had 3 inch cardboard corners strapped along all sides and the top & bottom were also capped with cardboard to protect it.Now I had to start to use the ladder for painting the exterior of my two story house , buying the ladder was the easy part . This ladder is really well constructed , and very heavy duty , makes for a good feeling when your way high in the air ! The only thing that was different from the product description was that the rungs are not `` round '' as stated in the description , they are a large `` D-Rung '' style , which is way better . All of the 8 rivets per rung are metal , the shoes are heavy duty metal , and the sliding piece that keeps the ladders together are all made heavy duty metal . I think the D-Rung style is a huge upgrade because it gives a larger flatter surface to stand on . I 'm 6 foot 4 inches tall and weigh about 295LBS so I like the feel of a good strong ladder to stand on for long periods of time . This way you can focus on your work , not if the ladder is going to cave in below you and you go airborne ! It gives me great confidence and a very solid feel . I have other Werner ladders and have always had good luck with them , but after owning the 375LB style I will never buy anything else , it 's way worth the extra $ $ $ $ . This is the kind of high quality tool which you can will to someone else in the family at some point ! At the end of the day , I figured it 's an extra hundred bucks versus the 300LB style and my health insurance Emergency Room deductible is about $ 300 or $ 500 , so by never having an issue I save in the long run ! Serious great ladder that I would recommend to anyone !
 I recently purchased the eight foot double sided step laddder and would seriously recommend it to any one looking for a heavy duty ladder ! I am a residental contracter and use it every day . Its works great for two guys to work off of and also strong enough to use with an aluminum walk plank . The heavy duty spreaders and fiberglass rail sheilds make this ladder very sturdy even on soft ground . I have used many other ladders but this is by far the best one yet !!
 Werner T7406 6 ' Type 1AA 375-Pound Rated Fiberglass Twin LadderWith me on one side -LRB- 6/4 , 270 lbs . -RRB- and my son on the other side -LRB- 6/8 , 300 lbs . -RRB- , the T7406 is as stable as can be . Since it easily holds the two of us , perhaps the rating should say `` 375 lb . per side '' . It does n't rock , creak , or feel not-up-to , the task . All twin-sided step-ladders will cost more than their single-sided counterparts . However , the flexibility of being able to use either side , or to safely support two people , is the major advantage of this ladder . While on the ladder , I frequently switch to the other side , for better positioning , without dismounting first . Also , having a fiberglass frame , it wo n't transmit electricity . It 's high-quality and designed to last a very long time under heavy use . It 's comfortable to stand upon , as the treads are quite deep and heavily grooved to prevent slipping.There are three `` disadvantages '' , which any heavy-duty twin-step-ladder would have .1 . It weighs much more than a single-sided ladder ; e.g. , it 's too heavy for my wife to lug around .2 . When folded , it 's quite a bit larger than a single-sided ladder , making it more awkward to carry inside a finished house -LRB- e.g. , you could run into things -RRB- . Also , that larger size could be an issue if storage space is really cramped .3 . You ca n't lean the folded ladder against something and then -LSB- safely -RSB- climb it , as with a single-sided ladder . This is because the `` feet '' of the ladder half you would then climb on woud n't be on the ground.All in all , this is one terrific step-ladder , and is Werner 's highest rated model .
 I have owned and worked on just about every ladder made , over many years , and I have to say , this has got to be one of the safest , most stable ladders on the market . It 's a tad bit heavy , but well worth the extra lugging.It does take a little to get used to , like I find myself debating as to which side to climb down when standing straddled over the top , and it is wider when folded up , using up more room in the construction trailer , but I plan to buy more over the years . I bought a 6 footer and plan to buy another along with two 8 footers . Very stable and works great to span scaffolding planks to . I highly recommend one , especially to any contractor .
 We have owned our 10 ' Werner step ladder since July of 2004 . For what I thought might be practicality , I chose this ladder over the 12 foot version . We have used it mainly in finishing the interior of our 15 ' tall Morton pole building and , in retrospect , could have used the extra 2 feet . Other than that , I am as thrilled as one can be over a step ladder . This is a Cadillac of ladders . It is so solid and well built , it takes most of the fear out of working up high and is especially appreciated when working away from a wall . The steps are broad , wide , and solid , and it extends and locks securely . Even as solidly built as it is , it 's still light enough to move quite easily . We also purchased a Werner aluminum extension ladder from a local home improvement store and find it to be of comparable quality . I highly recommend this line of Werner ladders . In my opinion , a slightly larger expenditure for the quality is worth it in consideration of your own safety.Last , but not least ... Amazon was awesome on this deal . We received our ladder with slight -LRB- cosmetic -RRB- shipping damage and were given immediate attention that resulted in our complete satisfaction . Thank you Amazon . We are happy repeat customers!March ' 07 - I just had to update this . We were transporting our ladder in the back of our truck recently when it accidentally fell out onto the pavement . Fortunately , no one was behind us and we retrieved our ladder , secured it with tie-downs , and went on . The ladder was unscathed but for a little scrape in the aluminum top step . It is built TOUGH ! I believe my only regret is that I did n't get a taller ladder -LRB- the 12 foot -RRB- as we 've had many occasions that we 'd have used it rather than our , much less stable , extension ladder .
 This ladder is solid , stable & lightweight . A great product I would definitely purchase it again .
 This ladder is used almost daily in a service vehicle . It has held up well and well worth the money . This was the best deal I could find .
 Many have the typical two foot ladder about $ 30 and squeaks when you get on it . The Werner twin version with steps on both sides is an additional $ 50 , i did it ; LOVE IT ! No squeaks , better construction ! I decided to add a four foot ladder , saw this twin ladder also by Werner and bought it with zero hesitation . Workers on the job site will swipe it if I dont keep my eye on it . If your going to buy a ladder you will be glad you invested in yourself the extra $ to get the twin version . Do it !
 We just bought this for building a roof over a deck . The job requires that two of us be in the same place 10 feet up so one can hold 4x8-foot lattice or 2x12-foot polycarbonate panels in place while the other applies fasteners . This has worked out beautifully . The ladder is very sturdy , even much sturdier than the Werner 1AA 6-footer we 've been using around the house . With two people on it it 's absolutely stable , owing to its very wide stance . The only negative is the 40-pound weight but I do n't see how to achieve its other qualities in a lighter design . Judging from the build quality I believe it will last us forever .
 Werner twin -LRB- two sided -RRB- ladders are the best ladders for work or the home if you want a premium product that lasts a lifetime . I own three .
 The ladder is solid and should last for a long time . I was disappointed that the angled supports on the bottom of the legs are plastic ; for $ 146 I would have expected better . For the price I also expected it to be made in the USA but it was manufactured in Mexico .
 Great ladder ... . can climb up one side and down the other ...
 This ladder is very good and I use it with no fear of collapse . I 'm a fairly large person and feel secure with the use of this product .
 i was using a cheap aluminum 4 ' ladder for the longest time and it finally broke . this ladder is a little heavy , but a pleasure to work on . it is solid and the twin steps are nice .
 My husband searched for years to find any ladder without plastic on top . Welding spatter melts right through plastic tops and sometimes erupts in flames ! Problem solved . Strong aluminum top , sturdy 2 sided ladder for more productive setup and working completes the job more efficiently ! Its a little bit heavy but that 's an acceptable trade off for sturdiness.Only con with ladder - After 10 years or more the fiberglass is starting to becomeweathered from being in the sun and ultraviolet light from welding and is very itchy when touched with skin !
 They are also a lifesaver . Ever been standing on the top rung of your ladder and need to step over , or been pulled to the other side somehow ? With a double sided ladder , there 's a place to land ! Also great for two people , as it is rated at 375 pounds PER SIDE ! They are a little on the heavy side , but , do n't be a wuss . This ladder stands up to all of the abuse you can throw at it , and most importantly , it is STABLE .
 My home has smoke detectors on vaulted ceilings and ceiling fans and this ladder is a must . Its very very sturdy and rated for a good deal of weight.I use this ladder in my house at least twice a month for various tasks .
 This is a great ladder to have , Had one before but was borrewed and never return . A little costly compared to the department store ladders , but you will not find this type in your Home Depot 's of Lowes store ether . Use my ladder for all types of jobs around the home that I need that extra 4 to 5 foot hight , both inside and outside .
 Awsome ladder , my favorite on the job hands down . . its the bomb !! worth the money easy . .
 Extremely well made strong four foot fiberglass ladder . If your a big guy like me 250,300,350 lbs . then put safety first with this fine product . Very stable ladder with capacity for two people one on each side if extra hands are needed . Additionaly fiberglass is desired when doing electrical work . Granted , its a bit heavy to carry around but its worth the effort for the superior performance . If you need a really strong ladder with high weight capacity for all around use then you wo n't go wrong with this product .
 This is the best ladder I 've ever owned for use around the house and yard . It is quite stable and solid , yet light enough to move around and can be climbed from either side . Its fiberglass supports should make it harder to get shocked doing electrical repairs.S & H ; could be better as the ladder only had one stip of tape to hold the bottom together ; it came off , but the sturdy ladder showed no damage . There was not good communications between Eagle and the local delivering agent who was calling a wrong phone number -LRB- that had a distant area code -RRB- to try and reach me for delivery . I had to contact Amazon to find out who the local delivery company was as the on line info `` stalled '' at the intermediate Eagle Terminal 350 miles away .
 I now own two of these ladders , a 12 ' and a 10 ' . Both are great ladders , very sturdy and well constructed . I weigh 260lb , and I am able to stand on one side with another man my size or larger on the other side w/o issue . We have never felt unsafe or rickety on this ladder.These are expensive ladders , but Amazons price is about $ 150 less than my local supply house or Grainger had this unit , so it is a bargan at about $ 350-375 for the 10-12 ' models . I am seriously considering getting a 6 ' model as well for smaller jobs .
 I worked for Pacific Bell for 7yrs as an outside technician installing phone lines . I used this ladder for 7yrs while it was stored on the top of my van and subjected to rain and heat . It took a beating without compromising safety and I used it to climb on roofs , run wire under eves , climb into attics , trim trees , etc. . Now that I live out in the country , this is the ladder that will take care of all my climbing needs .
 I purchased this ladder about a month ago from Amazon . It arrived via their carrier -LRB- too big for UPS -RRB- about a week before Amazon 's estimated delivery which was a nice surprise ; unfortunately after I took it home -LRB- I had it delivered to my work -RRB- I found that one of the legs had been smashed at some point and there was a large crack in the fiberglass . So I called Amazon customer service and to their credit they setup a new delivery quickly and relatively effortlessly.I received my replacement ladder about a week later and was happy to find it in good working order . Being that I am a bigger guy -LRB- 300 lbs + -RRB- I purchased this ladder for working around the house as I wanted a single ladder that could be used for multiple purposes . So far this ladder fits the bill very well . My thoughts thus far are : GOOD : - Well built-Well designed-Lightweight for such a ladder-Takes up less space -LRB- it serves the purpose of what would otherwise require two separate ladders -RRB- BAD : - Not a lot of thought put into ways a consumer might store the ladder -LRB- it seems to only ways are to lay it down flat or leaning against a wall . If you want to hang it sideways on a wall , the design does not support itself -RRB- - No top step or other area on the ladder to help with projects -LRB- i.e. to hold tools or materials while working on it -RRB- OTHER : - The rungs are round and rather painful if you attempt to climb it without sturdy shoes . I ca n't knock Werner for this as this ladder is obviously designed for commercial use , not residential so it is unlikely this was given much consideration . Still for anyone thinking about buying this for their home -LRB- like me -RRB- this is not a casual use ladder . It is big and bulky and is fit more for projects than fixing the quick burned out lightbulb.-Even though my replacement ladder was structurally fine , it still looked like it had received some abuse . I do n't know if this was at Amazon 's warehouse or if it happened in route via the carrier however the ladder already showed signs of wear . I ca n't blame Werner for this though and therefore I did not reduce the score in this review . Still it should be noted.-I was watching the price on this ladder -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- for probably a year as $ 300 to $ 400 is a lot for a ladder to use for residential use . Eventually the price fell to about 1/2 of the listed price which is when I pounced . I am not sure if it was a pricing mistake but within the hour of my purchase , the price went back up by over $ 100 . So for me I feel like I got an extremely good deal on a ladder that should last me 20 + years.UPDATE
 I was replacing this same ladder that was over 20 years old . I do a lot of tree maintenance and the `` V '' stabilization bar at the top of the extension is great for solid stability on a small to medium tree to get me to a limb for climbing . Then for working out on lower limbs of landscape trees the `` A frame '' ladder configuration works great . It is just a fine ladder !
 I work as an electrician and I think this ladder is better than any other by far . We have used many other ladders and this exceeds all other ladders . It is light portable and versatile . You ca n't go wrong with this ladder .
 This hanger is made with good quality , strong materials , is easy to hang and access to my ladder once hung is easy . The screw holes are for studs on 16inch centers so if you have a garage with 24inch studs as many do now -LRB- mine included -RRB- you will need to mount on a piece of board or use strong plugs . I looked at a lot of ladder hangers before choosing this one and I would definitely recommend this one .
 This is a veratile hanger of fairly solid metal that can be used for numerous hanging purposes in addition to its decription for hanging a ladder . Two long wood screws are furnished to mount the hanger on studs 16 '' apart . This is an easy installation process which would be even simpler if you were to bore a small pilot hole before driving the screws.I took away one star because the screw holes in the hanger are very small and there are only two of them . This limits the amount of weight that this hanger could accomodate . A second set of holes could easily have been provided to increase the weight capability and to provide more firmness to the mount . However , for hanging reasonably light items such as a six foot ladder , for example , this will sufffice.This product was made in China . Had I known that when making the purchase I would have searched for a hanger made in the USA .
 This is a good product , well designed and well made . The only thing that is lacking is in the product description and on the package . It is supposed to be installed on the wall by driving screws through two holes in the product . Nowhere to be found is a statement about how far apart the studs should be . It 's easy enough to measure -LRB- 16 inches -RRB- , but should be in the description and on the package .
 This is a great , organizationaly product . Strong metal -LRB- no silly , breakable plastic -RRB- and can be used to hang other items . I also use it to hold my wooden clothes drying racks in my laundry room . Up and out of the way , more room to move . Werner , please keep making this product !
 This ladder is truly remarkable . It is both solid/durable and very stable ; that 's what a platform ladder ought to be .
 Well made , rugged , Breaks down for storage , installs in seconds but can jam on the ladder if you put any weight directly on the stabilizer -LRB- which they tell you not to do -RRB- I would recomend .
 I needed to straddle a large set of window at the top of my 2 story front hallway . The stabilizer did the trick . The soft rubber pads were very gentle to the fist coat of paint and I suspect would hold up outside as well against more rugged materials .
 Works great , easy on and off . Kicks me out far enough to get over a lower roof that extends about 4-5 feet from wall where i need to place ladder to reach upper roof .
 Ladder stabilizer works great on several different ladders . Product was new , shipment was very fast -LRB- three day delivery -RRB- , and price with freight -LRB- free shipping -RRB- was less than e-bay auction purchases .
 I needed to created a secure way to access my roof for putting together my 2008 Christmas light show . This included bringing up numerous 60lb sandbags and a giant 8 ' tall rooftop star.With a $ 69 16 ' walmart extension ladder and this stabilizer ... it was a fabulous combination . This sits right on my roof -LRB- not the gutter -RRB- and makes the ladder very stable . I have made many trip up and down in no time because of the added confidence this stabilizer gives me.It goes on and off very easily and is a cheap investment in greatly improved safety on your ladder . Highly reccomended . Does not seem to fit a A-frame ladder , so must be an extension ladder .
 I purchased this after I had the roofing company repair my gutters . The workers had this stabilizer on the ladders and rested them on the roof . This enabled a large angle as to avoid the landscaping in the front of my house.In using them , I realized that in that position -LRB- which is probably not the intended use -RRB- the feet tend to slip off . As another reviewer mentioned I am going to try to glue mine although the feet are a wearing item and are sold separately.All in all this was a good purchase .
 I bought this after trying to climb a 26 ' ladder and deciding to go down at 1/2 height as it felt like a pure suicide.The stabilizer fit on my generic ladder wihtout any problem -LRB- it is designed to fit onto many different types of steps and locking mechanism is very well designed -RRB- . The only beef I have with it is that rubber ends detach way too easy . They feel off twice on me in one day and you have to folder the ladder to re-attach them since once off , they expose sharp metal edges . I will be gluing mines in since I do n't see any reason for them to not be permanent anyway.The stabilizer also comes with a hook as well , you can move the hook to either side of stabilizer .
 I do n't normally feel compelled to write a review unless something is really good or really bad . This is the former . It 's one of those things you wonder how you did without once you use . I still hate cleaning my gutters and of course , it 's really no fun climbing a ladder but this makes it so much sturdier that I no longer dread each climb . Simple to put on/take off and appears to be very well made.I 'm a bit surprised anyone would consider it a problem that you ca n't lower the ladder to it 's lowest position with this device installed as it is so easy to install/remove . If I 'm going to need a ladder that short I 'll probably use my stepladder anyway.Great product , I 'm never climbing a ladder without one of these again !
 Does as advertised . Really stabilizes the ladder . Now I feel un-safe when I do n't use this .
 THIS HOLD THE LADDER OFF THE HOUSE AND GUTTERS , IT IS GREAT , WORKS GOOD FOR A TWO STORY HOUSE , FITS ON YOUR OWN LADDER .
 Pair this up with some Werner auto-levelers , and your ladder is now 10 times safer and easier to use than ever before . It does literally take seconds to disconnect , so if you must reduce to the lowest height , no problem ! I ca n't believe this took a 1 star hit for that reason !?!?!? This is an absolutely essential accessory !
 This stabilizer is great because it goes on and off the ladder very easily and without tools . Definitley better than the cheaper stabilizers that attach with Ubolts that do n't always fit right .
 This is a great accessory to have for any extension ladder . It really does n't add any weight to the ladder , attaches and detaches in seconds and provides stability to the ladder and protection to gutters . Because most bottom edges of a roof are lined with gutters , putting a ladder against the gutter to get on the roof can damage the gutter . This stabilizer allows you to put the pressure of the ladder against the shingles or , if you 're working on the shingles , against the fascia between the gutter and the drip edge . The stabilizer is also great if you 're working at the top of a gable because the spread provides much more stability to the ladder than just leaning it against the siding or the roof . It does not work on multi-ladders , and when installed will prevent the rungs it is attached to from collapsing down on the lower section.What I do n't like is that after using the stabilizer for a week on a roofing project I 've lost a plug on one end . The bar of the stabilizer is a bent aluminum square tube , and it comes with square aluminum plugs and rubber caps for the ends to protect the side of the house . Because I was installing drip edge and shingles I had to lean my ladder against the fascia , and moving the ladder sometimes caught the rubber cap on the gutter or drip edge and pulled it off . I made a mental note to glue them in place with a silicone sealant once the job was done , but I 'm guessing on the last day my helper put the rubber cap back on without replacing the aluminum plug and now I have to buy a replacement kit -LRB- $ 4 + $ 10 shipping from Werner -RRB- . If you get this stabilizer , and if you use an extension ladder on a house I recommend you do , I suggest you seal the end caps in place to prevent them from easily pulling off .
 I have to say that this ladder Stabilizer is the best safety add on that anyone could put on their ladder . after putting it on my ladder for the first time at 30 feet of height I felt the ladder was secure , no moving around . should have had one of these 20 years ago . and it only takes a few seconds to put it on .
 Works as advertised . The only negative is that the plastic caps come off way too easily . I wish I bought one of these years ago . It makes you feel very safe when you are up there .
 Item received in good condition , was easy to install on ladder and does its advertized job of stabilization and standoff from the structure . Installation was easy and fast as is removal of the stabilizer
 Well engineered , well constructed , easy on/off . I would purchase another if necessary . I no longer have to worry about crushing the gutters on my house when cleaning them .
 Easy to attach and remove , light , what more would you want from a standoff for an extension ladder ?
 I bought this because I needed a method of clearing the gutter on my ranch home when working on the roof . I took a chance on this one , because it was marketed as a `` Stand-off '' and did n't mention use as resting on the roof . I was a little concerned that the stand-off length was only 10 '' , and that it might not clear the gutter . But it was the most reasonably priced product of this type , so I figured I 'd give it a try . I just used it for the first time , leaning the legs on the roof , and it worked perfectly ! There is plenty of clearance from the gutter , with the ladder fully extended and at a comfortable lean angle . The ladder never felt so secure either!The other great thing is the design . It 's fully tool-free , using pins to hold the legs on , so it can break down for storage quickly when not in use , and be switched from ladder to ladder with little effort .
 It worked like advertised , and yes the ladder will not completely slide all the way down with it on . It is easy to install and remove so there should be no problem . I like it , it keeps the ladder steady an one feels secure while on it as I own a twenty eight foot extension ladder . Amazon has the best price I could find for the item . I am completely satisfied and would recommend it .
 I am just a normal home owner with very limited ladder experience . Using very large ladders involves a lot of skill and I have a new found appreciation for the pros who use these every day ! If you are not a pro , this stabilizer will be a godsend for you ! I have a Werner D18282EQWerner D18282EQ Equalizer 250-Pound Duty Rating Aluminum Extension Ladder with Integrated Leveling System , 28-Footand It fits perfectly . I have a VERY tall house and I am not comfortable with heights . This helps immensely ! The only problem is when you need to get into the corners of the house . The stabilizer forces you to be about 2 feet away from the corner , so getting to downspouts in a corner involves some reaching . I am still very glad to have this . I also got theWerner AC19-2 Extension Ladder Coversand they have saved the house from many dings .
 This is a good product for stabilization but it dos n't set youout far enough from the house to avoid the gutter as I had hoped . I was trying to keep from crushing gutters but this did n't help that . You almost have to have a ladder leveler on the bottom whem using this too , there 's no cheating a small angle , but , its not really safe to do that anyway . It goes on and comes off very fast and easy , I work alone and have no problem , much easier than I expected . I was very pleased .
 You will not be able to use this with all applications such as trees , but it will work great on moderately flat surfaces wide enough that both rubber ends can stick to . Use the Werner mittens for thinner areas . It is really an important safety tool rather than an accessory . The large width means that even if there is some slippage while working on the ladder should n't slide away from you . I would never work on house without this . It also has soft but tough rubber ends which means there wont be any marring of the structure . The end caps are of much stronger material than the ladder mittens for example . It attaches quickly and securely to my extension ladder and I think it works just as advertised . I think people often take ladder safety for granted however your safety is well worth $ 50 .
 I 've owned this for awhile now and really ca n't say enough about how it improves using the ladder when working on the outside of my house . The stability it adds makes working on the ladder so much better , there 's no shifting or swaying in the ladder . For working on gutters , eaves , or the edge of the roof , the stabilizer puts the top of the ladder away from the house just enough to allow easy access to when working on these things without having to lean the ladder right on the gutter.I worked with a contractor on an extensive remodel . He had n't used on of these before but by the end of the project using mine he was on his way to get himself one.Highly recommend .
 I purchased this ladder stabilizer because I have multiple ladders in my gutter installation business . So far I think this product has performed very well . I did read another review that said the extension ladder will not collapse all of the way down with this installed - I did not understand what they were talking about until I put it on the ladder - this statement I found to be true . I did find that if you try to collapse the ladder all the way down that the stabilizer will wedge itself between the rungs and will cause you some problems ... I 'm not very good at describing it but believe me this is a potential problem but this is the only problem I have encountered . The stabilizer comes off and on with ease so this whole wedgie issue is in no way a deal breaker . I plan to use some of my other corner standoffs that I have to make the arms interchangeable - looks like this will work well but have not yet tried it . I 'm in for at least another one or two of these - there is no comparison between this ladder standoff and those installed with the U-bolts - this is way , way better ... do n't hesitate - buy it and you 'll be glad you did !!!!
 I was originally skeptical about buying something that seemed to add on to what a ladder already does , which is lean against a building.But this gadget really stabilizes the ladder , and when you 're 25 feet up , it makes it a lot less uncomfortable . It goes on and off quickly , and is wide enough to fit around most windows . I ca n't find any negatives with this tool .
 The ladder stablizer came in the mail very quickly . It was packaged very well and was very easy to put together on the top rung of my extension ladder . The part , however , was a bit too long not allowing the ladder to retract fully -LRB- slide togther to its original shortest length - i.e now one rung larger -RRB- . Even with that inconvience , the part worked as described on the internet . It was very convient to take apart and put together . One problem though . I had the ladder flat on my roof during the day causing the rubber tips to `` partially melt '' and become somewhat deformed . And now do not hold to the ends of the stablizer very well . Will need duck tape to hold the tips to the ladder .
 My 20 foot extension ladder -LRB- 200lb rating red tips -RRB- works fine with this stabilizer . The two standoff `` arms '' can also be easily removed although the only purpose seems to be to allow a smaller shipping box . It would be nice if the `` arms '' were reversible for a deeper but narrower configuration but that is not possible . A commercial stabilizer I rented earlier had longer standoff sections that allowed me to place a small platform on them to do some roof repairs . This Werner stabilizer is too small and it has warnings to not add any work platform on top of the standoffs . I also ordered the Level-Ett feet stabilizers and togther with the top end stabilizer the ladder is now a lot safer to use for tree triming and home repairs .
 I was tired of unscrewing and rescrewing the four wing nuts on my old stabilizer every time I wanted to change height . This one is truly awesome . It 's so quick & easy to take on and off that I do n't ever leave it on when I pack up the ladder any more . This makes storing/transporting ladder much easier . Now I just put ladder up & see where I want the stand-off then bring it down and throw it on there in a few seconds . It really is as easy as they say , and I have yet to have any sign of weakness from it . Built very sturdy . The only thing is the rubber end caps come off with the abuse I give it , so I had to duct tape them on , but I do n't see that as a flaw since we are pretty ruff on the thing .
 For safety sake , you pretty much have to have a stabilizer if you 're working more than 16 ' off the ground - and this is simply the best . Simple installation on my Warner extension ladder -LRB- it just slides on and two pins hold it in place -RRB- , it 's aluminum so it does n't add much to the weight when you 're trying to hoist it , and the hook that comes with it is adjustable to either side for hanging a paint can or a bag of tools . Well made , easy to use , and indispensible .
 Some assembly is required and it is helpful to have an extra pair of hands to help with this . Assembly is easy and the instructions supplied are adequate.This stabiliser works well , it 's not too heavy , and it allows access to gutters without having to balance the ladder on the gutter itself - quite hazardous on aluminum or plastic gutters.Overall I would recommend this product to those wanting ladder stability when cleaning gutters etc. .
 The product description , as well as many of the posted reviews , discuss using this product when extending the ladder to the roof . This product does a great job when used that way.The other major use , which is also the one pictured on the package , is to rest the ladder against a wall . This product adds a great deal of stability that way too . When painting an upstairs window , this can let you straddle the window and stand right in front of it . It is much more stable than using the ladder without it , plus it can put you in many positions that you can not reach without your ladder crashing through the glass.When I tried to remove a nail with a nail puller , simply with the rotating force of a hand tool against a piece of wood , I was able to see the ends of this stabilizer move away from the wall . It was a bit scary , and I would not feel comfortable giving a tool a hard yank while on the ladder . I 'd limit it to simpler tasks such as painting , caulking and using certain non percussive tools.Another limitation is the fixed width . It wo n't fit around most of my windows , and is also too wide to get me to the side of some of them . If you do position this to the side of a window , you will be too far away from the window to work on it.Ultimately , the product works as designed , and is extremely easy to get on and off . I ca n't fault it for doing what it was not designed to do , but it should have been designed to do more .
 Great product , easy to use and definetly increases stability and safety . The only change I would recommend is that it could be made with arms that could be adjusted to a greater width because of todays larger windows .
 This product is the best ladder stabilizer , because it is quick an easy to attach and detach to any extension ladder . This did not stress the aluminum and does not compromise its safety . For the price , you ca n't beat this stabilizer . Its simple design , quality construction , small overall size and outrageously cheap price makes this stabilizer the best , in my opinion . I 'm so glad I bought it !!! It saves time which saves money .
 I bought this stabilizer along with my new Werner 28 ' ladder and the product is awesome . I did have difficulty attaching it initially but after I figured it out , it was really easy to put on/off . I also have the other stabilizer -LRB- non-Werner -RRB- that I got from Home Depot years ago . It requires using brackets and turning 4 wing nuts . It 's a bit of a pain so I tend to avoid using it or leave it on the ladder.The stabilizer is a must-purchase item for the Werner ladder in my opinion .
 I just bought the MT-22 and was intrigued by the versatility of the Quickclick but it took me a while to confirm that it would not work on the MT series . The website states that people who bought the MT-22 also bought the AC78 which may cause some confusion . I hope this will save someone some grief some day.Five stars so it would not skew the current rating .
 I already had one of these and since I 'm now getting a whole ladder jack setup along with a second ladder , I definitely wanted one of these to go along with it . I 'm sure they would n't recommend what I 'm about to say for safety reasons , but I would point out that this item can make an aluminum extension ladder a lot more stable on slightly uneven ground . Because of the broad spread , the ladder will twist slightly to make up the difference and it 's really solid!This thing goes on or off in 5 seconds . No way would I ever get one of those bolt on kind . The cam action that holds it to the ladder looked a little iffy when I first saw it , but if you examine it you 'll see that it 's very well designed and I do n't think you 'll ever have a problem with it . I have n't .
 I have three extension ladders , and I do n't put any of them up without the stabilizer on them . By being able to take it off , it make it easier to move the ladders . I can also use it on any of my ladders . It makes the ladder very stable . The stabilizer fits very well on the ladder .
 The only stabilizer I would ever buy again . The body goes on in 10 seconds , the arms go on or off in 15 seconds - does n't get any faster , and makes the ladder easy to store or move . The body does n't interfere with extension or full retraction when mounted properly , and stores with my ladder like it was n't there . Retracting with the arms in place must be stopped one rung short . The body does not come off without some coaxing , but then it does n't come off by accident either . I do n't consider it routinely removable , only occaisionally . The arm and lock design lets the do-it-yourselfer fabricate longer arms for larger spans if needed . Great buy .
 I bought a pair of these for my 2 ladders and they work great . As others have said , they are simple to install or remove and greatly stabilize the ladder . They also make painting windows very easy . The stabilizer allowed me to place the ladder in front of the window and I was able to paint it entirely without moving the ladder or setting up another one . One thing I noticed is that the width of the Quickclick stabilzer is 2-3 inches shorter than my U-bolt Werner stabilizer . So if you need the maximum width , you may have to get the U-bolt model .
 Absolutely rock solid ! Several folks mentioned that your ladder will not be able to adjust to it 's shortest length . This thing takes literally about 5 seconds to put on or remove , so if you really need to go that low , it 's nothing to worry about . As for resting on the 1/8 inch pin , it is incredibly obvious when this is happening as the rungs on the ladder do not line up . Use it this way , and eventually you 'll improve the gene pool . My only gripe
 I bought one of these last spring when we had to paint a house , shop , and garage with second story apartment . There were several of us painting using several extension ladders . We had a cheap sixteen foot aluminum , a good 20 foot aluminum and a heavy duty 28 foot fiberglass . The stablizer worked well on all the ladders and was easy to move from one to the other as needed . When it was on the 28 foot fiberglass , it was almost like walking up and down stairs.When used on the 28 foot ladder , the ladder was fairly top heavy . My son , who 's a fireman , showed me some techniques for standing the ladder up and taking it down . I could do it myself but it made a fairly heavy setup and it was more comfortable with two people .
 I 've been using ladders forever and I have never used a ladder stabilizer until this one . I had a residing project at my home and the reason I bought it was because I thought it would be handy to be able to hold myself away from the work , so I bought this . I could not believe how much more stable the ladder was when using this product . In years past when I 've installed Christmas lights I 've always been a little leery when going up 22 ' to reach the 25 ' roof peak . That is a feeling of the past . The ladder gets more and more stable the closer you get to the top leaving you with a comfortable feeling at the top of the ladder vs. a clenched up , `` Please God , do n't let me fall '' edge of panic feeling . The device was easy to attach and remove from the ladder . I ended up not using it as much for siding as I thought I would , but it was a lifesaver for painting the trim at the edge of the peaked roof with the included paint bucket hook.The only thing I did n't like about it was that the ladder had to be extended at least two rungs or the stabilizer would n't fit on the ladder . This was more of an inconvenience as I did n't need the stabilizing factor of the device but I had to keep taking it on and off depending upon what height I was working at.I ca n't stress the stabilizing factor enough . I 'm almost looking forward to installing lights at the peak of my house this year .
 A fine product , well constructed , meets the manufacturer 's description and works as it was intended to.The only suggestion I have to improve its usefulness is to provide two hangers instead of one . While painting , for instance , you could swap your pail to the other side while up on the ladder . It also could be advantageous to have two hangers and have a tool or tools on one side and paint or other necessities on the opposite side of the stabilizer . At present , the stabilizer must be partially disassembled on the ground to swap the hanger from one side to the other.Pop
 it is very good construction and safe , comes in handy many times . the only draw back for me is thst it could keep the ladder a little farther off the house , legs could be a little longer . . John Mikosz
 Great product but a major pain in a way ... . If your extension ladder is closed up to its shortest lenth , you wont be able to use this stand-off . You will have to take it up at least two rungs higher so you can put it on . That 's seldom an option for many jobs . It would be perfect if this thing was thin enough so that it would allow it to be used when in the ladder 's closed position .
 I bought this ladder stabilizer , to help when I cleaned the aluminum gutters on my house . I 've had issues before where my ladder would dent the gutters when put against them . This stabilizer did a fair job of keeping the ladder away from the gutters , with the stabilizer arms pushing against the roof , but it would have been nice if the standoff distance was a little greater , or better yet , if the arms were adjustable for different situations . The plastic arm caps were too soft and got cut pretty fast . They should have been made out of a harder material , I had to duct tape the caps on to protect them . The stabilizer 's pluses , though , outweigh it 's negatives . Easy to install or remove . Real value compared with other models I looked at , that probably would n't have worked as well as this one .
 Wish I had bought it sooner . It is ideal for stabilizing a extension ladder and great for over the gutters on your roof .
 I purchased this to use on my extension ladder . I am a professional remodeler and need something easy to install and remove . This stabilizer does the job !
 Attached it to a 24ft Louisville aluminum ladder and it fits very well . Provides great stability when the ladder is fully extended and stands 10 &#34; off the house making work on the eaves and gutters much more comfortable . Highly recommend .
 Very easy to install and remove and holds very well against walls . Makes you feel secure at heights and has paint can hook conveneient .
 This is another product for safety on ladders , I attached it to my neighbors ladder when borrow it from time to time , so I left it on for him , since I did n't have a ladder , he could benefit from it to , which he did , and thanked me for it . It 's a great stabilizer for the ladder , great invention , I wish I had come up with it , that would have been great .
 I must say I was leery of ordering this size of product on-line , so I tried to find it locally at Ace Hardware , Home Depot , Granger & Loews . The problem is that they do n't carry the 375LB ladders on a normal basis in stock , they must be ordered in , and the pricing is way more than Amazon . After driving all over town to see if anyone carried the 375LB ladders in stock , I conceded and decided to order it from Amazon based on a great price and free shipping , hoping that the ladder would arrive in one piece . I did n't want to have to return a large product like this due to shipping damage or whatever , big hassle for sure . Amazon quoted a 7-10 day free shipping window which was ok by me . I received a call in 7 days from a logistics/shipping company saying that they could deliver the ladder on the 9th day between 9 and Noon , I said great ! They came exactly in the middle of the window and the guy from the shipping company was cool , and he said that many people buy ladders through Amazon due to the price , so they deliver these all the time . I looked over the ladder it was in perfect condition and was very well packed to make the trip from Werner in Texas ! Werner had 3 inch cardboard corners strapped along all sides and the top & bottom were also capped with cardboard to protect it.Now I had to start to use the ladder for painting the exterior of my two story house , buying the ladder was the easy part . This ladder is really well constructed , and very heavy duty , makes for a good feeling when your way high in the air ! The only thing that was different from the product description was that the rungs are not `` round '' as stated in the description , they are a large `` D-Rung '' style , which is way better . All of the 8 rivets per rung are metal , the shoes are heavy duty metal , and the sliding piece that keeps the ladders together are all made heavy duty metal . I think the D-Rung style is a huge upgrade because it gives a larger flatter surface to stand on . I 'm 6 foot 4 inches tall and weigh about 295LBS so I like the feel of a good strong ladder to stand on for long periods of time . This way you can focus on your work , not if the ladder is going to cave in below you and you go airborne ! It gives me great confidence and a very solid feel . I have other Werner ladders and have always had good luck with them , but after owning the 375LB style I will never buy anything else , it 's way worth the extra $ $ $ $ . This is the kind of high quality tool which you can will to someone else in the family at some point ! At the end of the day , I figured it 's an extra hundred bucks versus the 300LB style and my health insurance Emergency Room deductible is about $ 300 or $ 500 , so by never having an issue I save in the long run ! Serious great ladder that I would recommend to anyone !
 I bought 2 sets of these . They set up very easily . Very easy to check once a week.I would recommend these .
 Thank goodness we have n't had to use these to say they work . But , we do feel much safer with them in our home .
 Have looked at wireless interconnecting smoke detectors from several companies . This one was so easy to install , I bought 4 of them . The delivery time and price were where I needed them to be . Very pleased , thinking of adding 2 more .
 This was installed as a retrofit in a large mobil home . It was easy to install and works great in concert with 3 other smokes and a smoke/co2 combo . Great remodel system .
 Although we have not had an actual fire , I have managed to set them off twice in the last 18 months . That being said , please do n't assume they 're too sensitive -- I feel the problem was mine , not the alarm . We have not had any issues with the alarms communicating with each other ; in our tests -LRB- intended and non-intended -RRB- they seem to communicate and all alarms go off within a few seconds.We installed some downstairs and upstairs -LRB- total of four in an 1800sf home -RRB- . It was a great option for us as our home was built in the 70 's and did n't have interconnected smoke alarms . It 's nice to know that we 'll be notified if a fire starts on the other level while we 're sleeping . Installation and setup was quick and easy -- no electrician or rewiring needed ! 12/2012 Update
 Easy to install , easy step by step instructions on how to couple the two of them together . I wish they were n't so pricey , but otherwise , they do exactly what they said they would do . I live in a 3000 sq foot split level and have one in the basement and the other upstairs and they communicate well !!
 have n't used it yet , fortunately , but they function when tested . I especially like the price . These are good for you if you do n't want to pay to have smoke alarms hardwired into your house and are the inspector recommended alarms now . I was glad to buy them here for a lot less .
 Love that it allows devices to be connected without wiring . Let 's us have -LRB- admittedly minimal -RRB- monitoring of outbuildings with ease .
 We live in a very old house with very thick walls . We always worried that we would not hear the smoke alarm if it went off in another part of the house . Now , we do not have that concern . If the alarm goes off in the basement , within seconds , we hear it all through the house . Great idea for older houses that have many levels and cheaper than an alarm system .
 The Kidke wired smoke alarms in the house were constantly chirping . No matter what I did , changing the wiring harness , changing the battery backup , the problem would go away in one and within a day or 2 would start in another unit . I 've been without smoke detectors for 4 years because of this issue . Until now ... The Onelink Smoke Detectors from First Alert are great . I was able to easily replace the base plate of the Kidke alarms with the First Alert ones . Then it 's a matter of programming the alarms to the first one you put batteries in . Testing proved that they are all talking to each other . Liked them so much , I bought more to put in my parents house.So far all has been good and hopefully will never need to hear these go off , except when testing . I highly recommend these if you do n't want to deal with the price of an electrician coming in to rewire your house for wired units or just updating an older home with a system that communicates wirelessly . No interference with our WI-FI network either .
 I ordered this product about 4:00 p.m. one day and received it on my porch by noon the very next day . The instructions are easy to follow and it comes with a DVD if you prefer to watch the instructions rather than read them . The alarms are extremely loud and communicate well to each other . I have four installed in my house and may add two more . I have only had them installed a few days , so I will see how well they continue to work in time . The manufacturer gives it a five year warranty . So far , the dual pack is the best way to go as it makes them a little more affordable .
 I added one of these into my existing hardwired system by replacing one of the hardwired units with a hardwired/wireless . This detector is in my furnace room , which is closed off . I have a clean running steam boiler and have not had any false alarms -- even on that morning heat cycle that runs for about 20 minutes . I did take care to clean the area of the ceiling where the detector is . I vacuumed out dust and cobwebs and anything else that might cause a false alarm . I am extremely pleased with this unit so far.I just wish that First Alert would add a wireless HEAT DETECTOR to the line of ONE LINK products . That is the only thing that is missing in my mind . I live in New England and the garage gets too cold to have a smoke detector out there . I 'm going to try anyway but I think I 'll be getting lots of false alarms since the operating specs say not to go below 40 degrees.Connecting ONE LINK wireless alarms
 I purchased these to replace my wired smoke alarms as it seems that no matter what I did the wired one would always start chirping after only a month or two . I was amazed at how easy these were to install and link to each other . Also , because of the chirping issue I have had with past alarms , I love the fact that I can silence the low batter chirp for 12 hours to avoid listening to it all night long.I would definitely recommend this product .
 I had previously expanded my alarm system and needed to expand further . Easy way to expand easy setup . A very good system .
 NO MATTER WHERE THE FIRE SHOULD START , WHERE IN THE HOUSE , OR WHATEVER ROOM , WE WILL ALWAYS BE ALERTED TO THE DANGER ...
 I bought 6 of these , and they 're all interconnected . When you test one unit , it tests the entire system , which is a great feature .
 I have a pair of older First Alert smoke detectors that had started to beep randomly . I could not cure the problem so ordered this pair as a replacement . I already updated my CO2 detectors . So , I did not need the combination smoke CO2 detectors . The installation is a snap - the DVD was easy to follow . I like the wireless alert communication . I also like the AA battery design rather than the older 9V design . If these are set off by a toaster , you can press the programming button to disable the alert rather than remove the battery as required by older models . All-in-all a good upgrade .
 We live with my wife 's mom to help her as she gets older , and her house is very old and in need of major repairs . To help me sleep better at night I added 4 of these to the key areas of the house . One outside our bedroom , one in her bedroom , one in the kitchen , and one in the basement near the furnace and water heater . We have triggered them when cooking in the kitchen and they all do go off as advertised , so I am happy about that . The silence button also works great too !
 Both alarms were easy to install . They tested properly . So far very fortunate not to hear them in the middle of the night .
 Like : Setup was easy . Each one can be assigned to a room.All of mine seem to link up just fine . My house is rather compact , maybe , compared to most though . The one in my detached garage does link up no problem -LRB- that 's the only one I really feared -RRB- . Do n't like : About half of mine have needed a battery replacement after only 5 months of use . I 'm not sure if AA batteries just do n't last as long as the 9V that would be more typical in a smoke detector . I have no clue why they changed that for this model .
 I purchased a set of two of these about 2 weeks ago and installed them right away . It was a simple installation and networking them together was very easy . I didnt have any problem with the range between the two units , which is about 35 feet . I was surprised that I didnt have any problems with the range considering the negative comments and reviews , and the fact that I have a very old apartment with traditional plaster and wire mesh walls ! I always have a problem with most wireless devices including cordless phones . But after testing the units several times , they work just as they are advertised . Further , my old smoke detector would go off when it detected steam from my shower ! lol Its really nice not to have to worry about alerting the neighbors when I take a shower ! These are very high quality units and I have no problem recommending them to anybody !
 I purchased two sets , four units in total . Set them up on the kitchen table , then moved them to rooms I plan to keep them in . Tested and they all seemed to work fine . Units are not more than 20 to 30 feet apart . One in Laundry room , in hall by the kitchen . One upstairs in the hall and one in the basement by the furnace.Will mount them this weekend.I plan to buy another set later , but have the high risk areas covered , laundry , kitchen , and furnace . Last one is in the bedroom hall so we will hear it if there was a fire in any other area.The house we have has hardwired alarms , but I dont trust them anymore .
 The first alert SA501CN2 was as easy to set up as advertised . I purchased six of the smoke alarms for my home , and had all six linked together out of the box within ten minutes . Good product so far .
 The concept of these alarms are awesome and turns out they were very easy to setup . If you have a larger home where one of the detectors ca n't be heard by the sleeping occupants , I would recommend this type of system . I placed one in my garage to monitor if a fire occurred there . It would give my family advance warning to get out .
 I received the smoke alarms in a very timely manner . I installed them right after I received and read the easy and simple instructions.I installed 4 units - very easy and simple installation . I was finished within an hour.I have been testing them once a week.Seem to be fine .
 I wanted the multiple alarm feature because I have a daughter who sleeps very soundly . The 2nd one is outside her door and will alarm for fires in another part of the house . The extra expense of this wireless feature is truly needed if a fire were to occur in a remote part of the house .
 saved hundreds and did not have to do hard wires to conect them , also saved lots of time great product .
 this one link series is expensive , but worthwhile when compared to tearing out sheetrock . works GREAT , awesome solution to a difficult problem
 I must say I was leery of ordering this size of product on-line , so I tried to find it locally at Ace Hardware , Home Depot , Granger & Loews . The problem is that they do n't carry the 375LB ladders on a normal basis in stock , they must be ordered in , and the pricing is way more than Amazon . After driving all over town to see if anyone carried the 375LB ladders in stock , I conceded and decided to order it from Amazon based on a great price and free shipping , hoping that the ladder would arrive in one piece . I did n't want to have to return a large product like this due to shipping damage or whatever , big hassle for sure . Amazon quoted a 7-10 day free shipping window which was ok by me . I received a call in 7 days from a logistics/shipping company saying that they could deliver the ladder on the 9th day between 9 and Noon , I said great ! They came exactly in the middle of the window and the guy from the shipping company was cool , and he said that many people buy ladders through Amazon due to the price , so they deliver these all the time . I looked over the ladder it was in perfect condition and was very well packed to make the trip from Werner in Texas ! Werner had 3 inch cardboard corners strapped along all sides and the top & bottom were also capped with cardboard to protect it.Now I had to start to use the ladder for painting the exterior of my two story house , buying the ladder was the easy part . This ladder is really well constructed , and very heavy duty , makes for a good feeling when your way high in the air ! The only thing that was different from the product description was that the rungs are not `` round '' as stated in the description , they are a large `` D-Rung '' style , which is way better . All of the 8 rivets per rung are metal , the shoes are heavy duty metal , and the sliding piece that keeps the ladders together are all made heavy duty metal . I think the D-Rung style is a huge upgrade because it gives a larger flatter surface to stand on . I 'm 6 foot 4 inches tall and weigh about 295LBS so I like the feel of a good strong ladder to stand on for long periods of time . This way you can focus on your work , not if the ladder is going to cave in below you and you go airborne ! It gives me great confidence and a very solid feel . I have other Werner ladders and have always had good luck with them , but after owning the 375LB style I will never buy anything else , it 's way worth the extra $ $ $ $ . This is the kind of high quality tool which you can will to someone else in the family at some point ! At the end of the day , I figured it 's an extra hundred bucks versus the 300LB style and my health insurance Emergency Room deductible is about $ 300 or $ 500 , so by never having an issue I save in the long run ! Serious great ladder that I would recommend to anyone !
 This is a very nice ladder . No problems . It came delivered by a freight company not UPS or FEDEX . For whatever reason noone from the freight company called me , I just followed up with Amazon who provided me with the freight company 's number ; I called the freight company to schedule the delivery . It did take a long time to get the ladder from Amazon to the freight company warehouse with the free shipping ... I think about 30 days .
 When I ordered this ladder , I was expecting a fiberglass ladder as per the description by Amazon . When it arrived however , it was steel and heavier than expected . It is quite solidly constructed . To Amazon 's credit , they gave me a 20 % refund on the price of the ladder . Also , I ordered the platform that was recommended but upon receipt , it will only fit a fiberglass ladder by Werner , not the steel one that I received . I would have thought by now they would have corrected the description .
 I must say I was leery of ordering this size of product on-line , so I tried to find it locally at Ace Hardware , Home Depot , Granger & Loews . The problem is that they do n't carry the 375LB ladders on a normal basis in stock , they must be ordered in , and the pricing is way more than Amazon . After driving all over town to see if anyone carried the 375LB ladders in stock , I conceded and decided to order it from Amazon based on a great price and free shipping , hoping that the ladder would arrive in one piece . I did n't want to have to return a large product like this due to shipping damage or whatever , big hassle for sure . Amazon quoted a 7-10 day free shipping window which was ok by me . I received a call in 7 days from a logistics/shipping company saying that they could deliver the ladder on the 9th day between 9 and Noon , I said great ! They came exactly in the middle of the window and the guy from the shipping company was cool , and he said that many people buy ladders through Amazon due to the price , so they deliver these all the time . I looked over the ladder it was in perfect condition and was very well packed to make the trip from Werner in Texas ! Werner had 3 inch cardboard corners strapped along all sides and the top & bottom were also capped with cardboard to protect it.Now I had to start to use the ladder for painting the exterior of my two story house , buying the ladder was the easy part . This ladder is really well constructed , and very heavy duty , makes for a good feeling when your way high in the air ! The only thing that was different from the product description was that the rungs are not `` round '' as stated in the description , they are a large `` D-Rung '' style , which is way better . All of the 8 rivets per rung are metal , the shoes are heavy duty metal , and the sliding piece that keeps the ladders together are all made heavy duty metal . I think the D-Rung style is a huge upgrade because it gives a larger flatter surface to stand on . I 'm 6 foot 4 inches tall and weigh about 295LBS so I like the feel of a good strong ladder to stand on for long periods of time . This way you can focus on your work , not if the ladder is going to cave in below you and you go airborne ! It gives me great confidence and a very solid feel . I have other Werner ladders and have always had good luck with them , but after owning the 375LB style I will never buy anything else , it 's way worth the extra $ $ $ $ . This is the kind of high quality tool which you can will to someone else in the family at some point ! At the end of the day , I figured it 's an extra hundred bucks versus the 300LB style and my health insurance Emergency Room deductible is about $ 300 or $ 500 , so by never having an issue I save in the long run ! Serious great ladder that I would recommend to anyone !
 This is a great grinder . The switch is very easy to use and locks on . At the tap of your thunb , it will unlock . The guard swivels 360 degrees . It also has a wheel lock button to make blade changes easy . At 6.6 amps , it has plenty of power for my usage . The handle can be removed or moved to the other side of the tool . It feels well balanced and has a long cord . I really ca n't find any faults with this tool . I 've always had great luck with Porter Cable tools and this is no exception .
 Its Great . . Buy It . . I own it its BRAND NEW IN THE BOX
 I bought a yellow version of this item at my local hardware store for even more than the price here . It is expensive given that it is only a bit of blow molded plastic , but it is easy to install , works well , and makes your ladder much more useful . It is a `` must have '' item for painting from a can or bucket . It adds only a neglegible amount of weight to the ladder , moves out of the way on it 's own when you close the ladder , and holds even the biggest of buckets securely . If it prevents you from dropping and spilling only one gallon of paint in the entire lifetime of this product then it will have paid for itself many times over when you consider the cost of the paint and the time and cost of the cleanup -LRB- especially if the spill is indoors -RRB- ! Bite the bullet and buy the darn thing . You know you need it .
 I purchased a Husky 6 ' fiberglass ladder from Home Depot . I did n't realize it did n't have a shelf until later . I found the Werner shelp on line but was n't sure it would fit the Husky ladder . Some sites called it universal and some said it was for Werner ladders . I went to an Ace Hardware store and measured a Werner ladder . Bottom line ; if your ladder is 14 '' wide at the top support bar on the back side , where the shelf will bolt , and you can drill the mounting holes , it will work great .
 This is absolutely a must have for the Werner ladders without a shelf . The ladders are the best but they should have made them with the shelf . Fairly easy to install and it folds up nice when the ladder folds . You know you need it - just get it !!!
 This is a very useful enhancement for the Werner stepladder , but attaching the danged thing can be a vexation . You 'll need a 3/8 '' -LRB- socket -RRB- wrench for the nuts and `` vise-grip '' pliers -LRB- or a second socket wrench ! -RRB- to hold the screws while tightening the nuts , in order to properly secure the shelf to the ladder frame . The screws are of the `` hex '' type , not the slotted type , so they can not accommodate a screwdriver.Also , _ do _ read the instructions and look at the diagrams _ before _ beginning installation .
 This platform was easy enough to install and it adds versatility to step ladder operations.It folds up when the ladder is either open or closed . It does n't interfere with ladder usage.I would recommend this addition to your step ladder .
 I often wondered why good ladders like Werner do n't come with a paint tray . This little add-on item works great . Priced right and extremely easy to install .
 I have a Werner 6000 series fiberglass ladder that is 15-20 years old and was happy to learn this shelf fit it exactly , holes in the right place and everything . Thank you Werner for not obsoleting the older equipment . It will get a lot of use . Should have gotten it years ago .
 I bought this to go with my Werner Type 1-A 6-foot fiberglass stepladder . It installed easily -LRB- and fit correctly -RRB- . It 's made of sturdy plastic , is lightweight , and fits perfectly into the ladder so it takes up no additional storage space .
 Werner Aluminum Extension Ladder - D500 seriesThis reviews the 24 ' ladder -LRB- 21 ' working length -RRB- , but most of the review applies to any length ... Product Review : I now own 11 ladders ; a fixed-length ladder , an articulating model , six step ladders -LRB- from 2 ' to 14 ' -RRB- , a Werner M13 multi-ladder , and two extension ladders . When available , I buy Type IAA ladders even though the thicker aluminum increases weight , because they are much stronger than even the next lowest rating -LRB- Type IA -RRB- . That 's important to someone weighing 270 lbs.Pros of this ladder : - sturdy , little flex when you 're up high . Type IAA is the highest duty rating -LRB- strongest -RRB- for any aluminum extension ladder . IAA 's hold more weight safely - the 24 ' model is pretty easy to move around by myself -LRB- see Customer Images for a table with the actual weights of all Werner Aluminum IAA ladders -RRB- - rope/pulley raising lowering mechanism works fine - ladder sections separate to make two fixed-length ladders - comfortable if standing on a section that overlaps , since you 'll be standing on the inner and outer rung at the same time . Much less comfortable to stand on one rung -LRB- rung depth is n't that great -RRB- for long periods - rungs ca n't twist and are tightly attached - outstanding heavy-duty shoe design -LRB- the rubber/aluminum assembly the ladder rests on -RRB- Cons : - a bit uncomfortable if standing for long periods on the rungs if wearing sneakers . When working for long periods , the Wermer AC-18MT auxiliary platform is a comfortable alternative . My old type IAA aluminum extension ladders have 3 '' deep rungs/steps , but those old-style ladders were heavier per foot of ladder . - Years ago , extension ladders were designed with the upper section behind the lower section . That design was safer because the top rung/step on the bottom section is in back of you and easy to find without looking when descending . Today 's extension ladders have the upper section in front . This is less safe , as the lower section is forward of that bottom rung . Be careful.Summary : This is an excellent , very strong , extension ladder ; well worth having ; but not a good value from Amazon . E.g. , the Lowes web site will charge local sales tax , but the total price will still be substantially less than the Amazon vendor 's price . Shipping to your local store is free . Pick up the ladder in person and avoid all delivery charges . If the ladder is damaged , it 's much easier to return -LRB- or reject before pickup -RRB- locally . . Choosing an extension ladder TypeExtension ladders are available in 5 duty ratings , called Type . The primary difference between Types is weight capacity , but check out WernerLadder -LRB- no space -RRB- dot com for features of specific models.For example , Werner offers five , two-section , 24 ' aluminum extension ladder models , one for each Type . Regardless of the length ladder you need , the shipping weights of the 24 ' models shows the relative weight differences between Types.Model ... Type ... Rating ... Shipping weightD1124-2 Type III ... 200 lbs ; 30 lbs.D1224-2 Type II ... 225 lbs ; 33.5 lbs.D1324-2 Type I. ... 250 lbs ; 40 lbs.D1524-2 Type IA ... 300 lbs ; 45 lbs.D524-2 . . Type IAA . . 375 lbs ; 49 lbs.Factors to consider when buying an extension ladder : - Type -LRB- weight capacity -RRB- you need/want . - Accessories . Ladder standoffs/stabilizers increase weight at the TOP of the ladder , making it more difficult to erect ; levelers increase weight at the bottom of the ladder . - Consider maximum working length appropriate for now , AND future tasks . - Maximum working length is between 3 and 5 feel less than total ladder length , depending on the model , because the two sections overlap ; verify specs before buying - Do n't buy a longer ladder than you 'll likely ever need ; longer means heavier , costlier , more unwieldily to setup and take down , and a longer storage area . - A friend bought a too-long extension ladder that was too heavy for him to handle . If possible , try setting up a ladder of the desired length & type , before purchasing . You might be able to do this at the store/lumber yard , where ladders are sold . - Fiberglass ladders are 20 % heavier than comparable -LRB- type/length -RRB- aluminum models . - Get aluminum if you 'll never work around power lines ; they are lighter and cheaper . - Get fiberglass if you 'll ever work around power lines ; they wo n't conduct electricity . - Think about storing it before you buy . Nothing rusts on these ladders , but they will get permanently filthy and the aluminum will pit , if stored outside . - Werner does not make IAA ladders -LRB- aluminum or fiberglass -RRB- over 32 ' , because they would be too heavy for most men to handle by themselves . - If you need a ladder for one job only , consider renting or borrowing one .
 I installed 6 of these alarms in my main home in August 2011 , and so far they are proving to be very reliable , with no false alarms and each unit maintaining its wireless connection to the other detectors so all of them sound when one is tested . As a result of this positive experience , I purchased 5 120V - wired OneLink detectors to replace the existing smoke detectors in my vacation home , and added a batter-powered OneLink alarm -LRB- Model SA501CN -RRB- to that system as well . It was a bit tricky to get the batter-powered alarm to link to the wired alarms - you need to follow the instructions exactly as they are written ; do anything slightly different and the two wo n't link to each other . The instructions are very clear and easy to understand , so if you follow them you wo n't have any problems .
 This was installed as a retrofit in a large mobil home . It was easy to install and works great in concert with 3 other smokes and a smoke/co2 combo . Great remodel system .
 These are great smoke/CO detectors , and they talk to each other . You set off one and the others go off and tell you which area of your home is in danger . Cool .
 Perfect device for the application . Priced right and shipped fast . The battery operated detectors allow for a quick installation in a multiple family building . Being battery operated there was not diversion of service between the apartments .
 Great product , especially for homes with multiple levels . Installation was easy and the various alarms interconnected without a problem . Excellent pricing .
 For a moderate price you can add more smoke alarms to your house 's wired fire alarms , so that fire in other locations can wake you in an emergency . Very easy to install and set up . There are alarms that are both -LRB- wired and wireless -RRB- . This provides the connection between the two types . We have had a fire and know that time is limited once a fire starts . Do n't take chances with your lives .
 Is a great replacement part ! Too bad the original degraded so quickly by water staining.What happened to real chrome plating ?
 This is a very nice ladder . No problems . It came delivered by a freight company not UPS or FEDEX . For whatever reason noone from the freight company called me , I just followed up with Amazon who provided me with the freight company 's number ; I called the freight company to schedule the delivery . It did take a long time to get the ladder from Amazon to the freight company warehouse with the free shipping ... I think about 30 days .
 When I ordered this ladder , I was expecting a fiberglass ladder as per the description by Amazon . When it arrived however , it was steel and heavier than expected . It is quite solidly constructed . To Amazon 's credit , they gave me a 20 % refund on the price of the ladder . Also , I ordered the platform that was recommended but upon receipt , it will only fit a fiberglass ladder by Werner , not the steel one that I received . I would have thought by now they would have corrected the description .
 Started with the Handyman and then upgraded to the Ultra measure master . Both offer more features for the price than any calculator that I 've seen on the market .
 This is a very nice ladder . No problems . It came delivered by a freight company not UPS or FEDEX . For whatever reason noone from the freight company called me , I just followed up with Amazon who provided me with the freight company 's number ; I called the freight company to schedule the delivery . It did take a long time to get the ladder from Amazon to the freight company warehouse with the free shipping ... I think about 30 days .
 When I ordered this ladder , I was expecting a fiberglass ladder as per the description by Amazon . When it arrived however , it was steel and heavier than expected . It is quite solidly constructed . To Amazon 's credit , they gave me a 20 % refund on the price of the ladder . Also , I ordered the platform that was recommended but upon receipt , it will only fit a fiberglass ladder by Werner , not the steel one that I received . I would have thought by now they would have corrected the description .
 Werner Aluminum Extension Ladder - D500 seriesThis reviews the 24 ' ladder -LRB- 21 ' working length -RRB- , but most of the review applies to any length ... Product Review : I now own 11 ladders ; a fixed-length ladder , an articulating model , six step ladders -LRB- from 2 ' to 14 ' -RRB- , a Werner M13 multi-ladder , and two extension ladders . When available , I buy Type IAA ladders even though the thicker aluminum increases weight , because they are much stronger than even the next lowest rating -LRB- Type IA -RRB- . That 's important to someone weighing 270 lbs.Pros of this ladder : - sturdy , little flex when you 're up high . Type IAA is the highest duty rating -LRB- strongest -RRB- for any aluminum extension ladder . IAA 's hold more weight safely - the 24 ' model is pretty easy to move around by myself -LRB- see Customer Images for a table with the actual weights of all Werner Aluminum IAA ladders -RRB- - rope/pulley raising lowering mechanism works fine - ladder sections separate to make two fixed-length ladders - comfortable if standing on a section that overlaps , since you 'll be standing on the inner and outer rung at the same time . Much less comfortable to stand on one rung -LRB- rung depth is n't that great -RRB- for long periods - rungs ca n't twist and are tightly attached - outstanding heavy-duty shoe design -LRB- the rubber/aluminum assembly the ladder rests on -RRB- Cons : - a bit uncomfortable if standing for long periods on the rungs if wearing sneakers . When working for long periods , the Wermer AC-18MT auxiliary platform is a comfortable alternative . My old type IAA aluminum extension ladders have 3 '' deep rungs/steps , but those old-style ladders were heavier per foot of ladder . - Years ago , extension ladders were designed with the upper section behind the lower section . That design was safer because the top rung/step on the bottom section is in back of you and easy to find without looking when descending . Today 's extension ladders have the upper section in front . This is less safe , as the lower section is forward of that bottom rung . Be careful.Summary : This is an excellent , very strong , extension ladder ; well worth having ; but not a good value from Amazon . E.g. , the Lowes web site will charge local sales tax , but the total price will still be substantially less than the Amazon vendor 's price . Shipping to your local store is free . Pick up the ladder in person and avoid all delivery charges . If the ladder is damaged , it 's much easier to return -LRB- or reject before pickup -RRB- locally . . Choosing an extension ladder TypeExtension ladders are available in 5 duty ratings , called Type . The primary difference between Types is weight capacity , but check out WernerLadder -LRB- no space -RRB- dot com for features of specific models.For example , Werner offers five , two-section , 24 ' aluminum extension ladder models , one for each Type . Regardless of the length ladder you need , the shipping weights of the 24 ' models shows the relative weight differences between Types.Model ... Type ... Rating ... Shipping weightD1124-2 Type III ... 200 lbs ; 30 lbs.D1224-2 Type II ... 225 lbs ; 33.5 lbs.D1324-2 Type I. ... 250 lbs ; 40 lbs.D1524-2 Type IA ... 300 lbs ; 45 lbs.D524-2 . . Type IAA . . 375 lbs ; 49 lbs.Factors to consider when buying an extension ladder : - Type -LRB- weight capacity -RRB- you need/want . - Accessories . Ladder standoffs/stabilizers increase weight at the TOP of the ladder , making it more difficult to erect ; levelers increase weight at the bottom of the ladder . - Consider maximum working length appropriate for now , AND future tasks . - Maximum working length is between 3 and 5 feel less than total ladder length , depending on the model , because the two sections overlap ; verify specs before buying - Do n't buy a longer ladder than you 'll likely ever need ; longer means heavier , costlier , more unwieldily to setup and take down , and a longer storage area . - A friend bought a too-long extension ladder that was too heavy for him to handle . If possible , try setting up a ladder of the desired length & type , before purchasing . You might be able to do this at the store/lumber yard , where ladders are sold . - Fiberglass ladders are 20 % heavier than comparable -LRB- type/length -RRB- aluminum models . - Get aluminum if you 'll never work around power lines ; they are lighter and cheaper . - Get fiberglass if you 'll ever work around power lines ; they wo n't conduct electricity . - Think about storing it before you buy . Nothing rusts on these ladders , but they will get permanently filthy and the aluminum will pit , if stored outside . - Werner does not make IAA ladders -LRB- aluminum or fiberglass -RRB- over 32 ' , because they would be too heavy for most men to handle by themselves . - If you need a ladder for one job only , consider renting or borrowing one .
 This is a very nice ladder . No problems . It came delivered by a freight company not UPS or FEDEX . For whatever reason noone from the freight company called me , I just followed up with Amazon who provided me with the freight company 's number ; I called the freight company to schedule the delivery . It did take a long time to get the ladder from Amazon to the freight company warehouse with the free shipping ... I think about 30 days .
 When I ordered this ladder , I was expecting a fiberglass ladder as per the description by Amazon . When it arrived however , it was steel and heavier than expected . It is quite solidly constructed . To Amazon 's credit , they gave me a 20 % refund on the price of the ladder . Also , I ordered the platform that was recommended but upon receipt , it will only fit a fiberglass ladder by Werner , not the steel one that I received . I would have thought by now they would have corrected the description .
 i 've owned Makita , Panasonic , dewalt and used countless others and this is the best one to date . Power is incredible . I can drill through materials that i used only corded drills on before . Quality is evident in this German made drill . It seemed a bit heavy at first , but with the reversable battery the weight is easily overcome by the superb balance . You ca n't go wrong with this one . Why buy Tawainese or Chinese drills when you can have a fine german made one for the same money ?
 I 've had this drill for nearly a year , and use it pretty heavily in the shop on metal , mostly steel and stainless steel . I get about a week of use out of a single charge , and it only takes 1 hour to charge ! Does n't bog down on even work-hardened stainless like any other drill I 've used . It gives me the power I 'd expect from a corded drill , without the hassle of a cord.Friends of mine in construction have used this model of drill for longer than I have , dropped it off buildings , and use it hours a day without any problem . If you can afford it , buy this drill . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I 've owned several cordless drills starting out with light duty Makitas graduating to a 14.4 volt DeWaltXR series and by far this new Milwaukee out performs , -LRB- 400 inch pounds torque -RRB- and outlasts , -LRB- 2-2 .4 amp hour batteries -RRB- their best . It is built in the same tradition as their Hole Hawgs , Sawzalls , and their Right Angle Drills . Heavy duty !! The reversable battery feature balances the weight perfectly for the heavier 18 volt tool a feature not available on other drills . With the battery reversed , while screwing down decking , the tool seems lighter , because of the balance , than my old less powerful , DeWalt 14.4 volt too !
 I got a response from Milwaukee on the batter problem I reported in another review.Hello David , I wish you would have wrote to us first . We are aware of the tightness , but it is not in the latches . The housing body screw is to tight in which a Authorized service location could release the pressure on the screw and retighten . We do not recommend battery or charger repair to the customer . The batteries though tight will loosen with time . Thank you John . . product service
 I have owned many cordless drills in my life.This one feels like a Cadillac in your palm ! I Just used it to replace the canvas on my popup camper that the mice have been chewing on all winter.I used my Milwaukee cordless drill for the whole installation.What impressed me with drill was the clutch mechanisum it was very sensitive to quickly screw into plastic without stripping them out ! It went very quickly.It saved me -LSB- money -RSB- off the installation fee from a dealer.And I am sure it will save me more in the future.It is a very versitile tool for heavy and also light !
 Same boat as many others - replacing a drill of less juice that died recently and picked this one up . The metal chuck sold me on the idea over the cheaper version . I 'm real happy with it so far - it has good torque , the chuck works well , and I like the reversible battery which comes in handy depending on just where you 're trying to get in to . Call me finicky - my only suggestion for improvement if the guys from Milwaukee read this is to change the case layout . The battery does n't fit in real well and the holders for bits only hold the real little ends . Some snap in slots for longer bits would be great .
 Great tool ! Used a much lower power unit for years . It died and I was left reviewing what the market has to offer . This unit is the best balanced of the 18V units I handled . It just feels right in your hand . Many of the others were too top heavy . That 's a real plus when using a product like this for many hours at a time . The all metal chuck is sturdy and easy to use . The reverse switch is conveniently located to allow direction change with one hand . Again , great tool !
 As a florida contractor I 've seen tools from all over and have used makita , dewalt and many more . This one has a lot going for it . The power will surprise you and it really is not as heavy as you might think . Drilling for tapcons is a breeze and screw running is just fine . A all around fine piece of equipment .
 Fast shipment , unexpected that it came only 2 days after it was ordered late at night.Very light to carry , my husband really loves his new toy.He was doing a project when his old drill gave up .
 In my opinion this cordless drill is the best in the business . It is tough as nails . The all metal chuck is nearly indestructible whereas those nylon ones get chewed up in no time . Yes this drill is heavy but it has superb balance and has enough power to twist you hand off ! If you need something lighter get the 14.4 V version its nearly as powerfull . Bottom line this is one hoss drill .
 I do n't have a lot to say but WOW ... When I got my Combo kit home and charged it up I took it out to try , I was amazed at the power precision and quality that was incorporated in this fine kit . I use to be a Craftsman man but got tired of there stuff craping out after a short time and leaving me hang ' in ... I would recommend this to all that has serious and hard work to be done ... If this is n't you , then go buy the other guys brand that can be treated like a toy . This is my 8th Milwaukee tool ... I 'm a firm believer . You wo n't go wrong ...
 I 've owned both combo 's , although my Dewalt did not include the new 3 speed XRP drill . This is my assessment
 I am a homeowner and hobby woodworker . I purchased this set of cordless tools after using a friend 's DeWalt set . Milwaukee sends DeWalt to the back of the line in quality , ruggedness , power , you name the category . You want to see a friend cringe with envy , pull this set out while he is using his DeWalt . I chose this set from shopping in the local stores and using Amazon 's reviews . Thanks everyone who posted five stars , you all were right . This is one of my first reviews on anything , I usually do n't take the time , but I just had to tell the world about this set of Milwaukee tools . Simply , these tools ROCK !
 I tried an entry-level Ryobi quad-pack -LRB- at the Orange store -RRB- with circular saw , sawzall , 1/2 drill , and flashlight . Not all that bad for $ 199.00 , but I needed a hammerdrill and wanted longer battery life as well as more precision tools . I bought the Dewalt saw and hammer/drill and found it was physically impossible to make one-handed 45 's with the saw . Very clumsy `` safety '' switch , probably ends up being somewhat dangerous considering what you have to do to be able to finally pull the trigger switch.I then discovered Milwakee 's saw/hammerdrill combo on Amazon , all I cold find was the higher item count sets at the Orange store . I am extremely happy with my choice . Some of my oldest tools are Milwakee and I have no reason to get new as they are tough and capable ene though 25 years old -LRB- sawzall and 1/2 '' angle drill , both have lot of miles on them -RRB- . One thing no one has mentioned is the brake on the saw . Let go of the switch and it stops instantly , something my wormdrive and other circulars do n't do . When it comes to safety , that is right up there as far as effective . A coasting cirluar can do a lot of damage , if it gets away from you . Safety switches and blade gaurds are questionable in the final analysis , but without them , the lawyers would be driving bigger cars , I suppose.Another reason I bought this saw was , aside from the incredible conveinece , is it is light and well balanced and at 60 , I 'm just not as strong as I used to be . This saw is light comparatively speaking .
 What can you say ... I own a small custom furniture bus . and both tools get a workout . The drill is heavy but you will never have a problem . Wood or metal . The hammer is nice when it comes to installing in-wall units when all you have to drill into is a block wall . The saw runs on a 61/2 in . blade . This gives you the option of running a forrest ww1 . With this set-up and a strieght edge clamp I get clean cuts in sheet goods without having to give up space to a pannel saw . Keep the blade sharp and the battery fresh you should have no problems showing a finished edge . THE LIFETIME WARRENTY IS UN-MATCHED ! I have n't had to use it but no other company stands behind it 's tools like Milwaukee . If you make a living with , or just enjoy owning nice tools , this is the set for you . I recomend that all the contractors out there buy the saws-all too . You get 2 more batteries and another charger .
 I had this kit for less than 1 month and can not tell you how many times I have used it . . I just built some shelves for my mom and it was a breeze having the cordless conveinence but furthormore the circular saw does not stop . . I ripped down some boards with no problem and it has plenty of power . I did look at dewalt circular saw and the milwaukee is built 10 TIMES BETTER . . Dewalts cordless drills seem fine but I think milwaukee is built with tough standards . . Buy this combo you will not be dissapointed ... I know this was the best purchase I made !!! Hope this helps ...
 I was very impressed with the quality level of both the drill/driver and the circular saw . When comparing to my friend 's 19.2 v Porter Cable drill , the Milwaukee seems to be a notch above in terms of quality and features . All for less money ! My decision to buy was based on owner reviews as well as my previous purchase of a Milwaukee Sawzall and corded drill . Do the comparison yourself and you 'll see that the Milwaukee combo is the best bang for the buck .
 DeWalt , DeWalt , DeWalt . thats all you hear these days . Does anyone know Black & Decker owns them . I was swayed by all the hype until I purchased a couple of there tools . What a joke . I sold all the DeWalt tools I purchased . Yes they do make some good tools , but not many . I just purchased my first house . The salesman at the big Orange store told me , buy it they are the best . I did and big yellow scored a big 0 . I went out and bought Porter Cable And the Milwaukee drill and saw sets . I am very pleased . Right out of the box I was Impressed . My only complaint is the chuck is all plastic . Oterwiase the set is great . I just completed my first project and the set performed flawlessly . I find myself using the Miluakee more than any other tool . Thanks Miluakee for sticking to grass roots design . For those of you who say BUY American . I agree . But America , wake up and make some tools that work for the people , not the sales department . Big yellow is so big they would not even send me a banner for my workshop . Porter Cable did , so did Miluakee . Wake up people and get off the band wagon . Go to ebay and see how many recvonditioned DeWalt tools there are . Then look and see how many Miluakke or Porter Cable reconditioned tools there are . You will be surprised . Anyone wonder why Black and Decker Batteries fid DeWalt ? I wonder ?
 As you may have read in some of my other reviews , I used to be a DeWalt user . Keywords USED TO BE . Well , once again , I replaced my 18 Volt DeWalt hammer drill with this Milwaukee . Because once again , the DeWalt fizzled out in the middle of a job in the middle of Alaska . There are no hardware stores or repair facilities in the remote areas of this state . We have to fly to most of our jobs , so the tools you bring with you are the tools you have to depend heavily on , and DeWalt could n't make the grade . Between all the recalls of the batteries and chargers and the outright tool failures , I have converted all my tools to Milwaukee . Now that I have that off my chest , let me tell you a little about this drill . First of all , the reversible battery is an absolute must have , this option will save you a ton of grief , and not to mention wrist strain if working overhead . The 20 position clutch works perfectly , you set it to run drywall screws so you do n't run through the paper , perfect every time . The hammering mechanism is also top notch , with 20,800 bpm , it has plenty of punch to get through the concrete , and also is great when setting tapcons . I 'm also impressed with the 2.4 amp-hour batteries , they provide for alot of power for a long time . I now own 5 Milwaukee cordless tools , and I -LRB- as well as my crew -RRB- ca n't say enough about them , ZERO failures with very heavy use in some very harsh arctic conditions . You ca n't ask for much more .
 Recently bought one of these to avoid the hassle of power cords while working along chimney exteriors ; the convenience is unbeatable , power is great for common brick and cement block . The only shortcomings are when used alot for deep or large diameter holes , or for lengthly sessions of numerous holes . Battery life just does n't seem to stand up to the demands of prolonged use . Otherwise , a great tool ! Ample power , high torque , very user-friendly . A worthwile investment , just get used to carrying the spare battery on to the job site .
 As a salesperson at Home Depot , I get to use most every tool we sell . When it comes to cordless drills , this Milwaukee has the longest run-time and highest power of any we carry , save for the higher-end 24v systems , which are prohibitively heavy . It will drive lag screws all day , it seems , with no trouble at all . Just be sure to hold on tight . It drives lags faster than the newer impact drivers on the market that produce super-high torque ratings at the expense of speed . The all-metal keyless chuck is great to have , the keyless chucks with plastic grips tend to wear out quickly if they rub against anything while drilling . This drill 's only downfall is its weight . I personally purchased one based on my experience at work , but there are drills out there that are easier to handle . I would n't want to use it sheetrocking a ceiling , but if I were building a deck , using 4x4s , lags , timberloks , etc. this would be the one cordless I 'd pick .
 This drill is incredibly tough . I 've dropped it plenty of times and no harm done . The metal chuck is a must-have feature . Nylon chucks get screwed up pretty quick if they rub up against things while drilling . The hammer-drill 's capacity is 3/8 '' in masonry and that 's no lies . It even drills 3/8 '' holes the various rockes with no trouble.It is the most powerful and longest runtime of any corless I 've ever used . It charges up in one hour , long before your second battery runs out . The case is nice . It has space for a 18V worklight ; I have one -LRB- Very brite , great runtime -RRB- . Some more bit storage would be nice.This is one serious drill . More power than some impact wrenches . Anyone needing a real drill should get this one and leave the cheesy brands alone .
 As good or better than any drill with a plug on it . I purchased this to replace a Dewalt cordless drill ... WOW what a difference . This unit 's batteries will hold the charge when not being used unlike the Dewalt 's cheaper batteries . Nothings worse then showing up to a customers house and having to charge batteries for an hour before you can work . Just for fun I chucked up a 3/8 rod between this drill and my old Dewalt . Had a friend hold the Dewalt and I held the Milwaukee ... we had a kind of `` twist of war '' needless to say the Milwaukee ate its lunch . As a side note , dont try that at home ... it 's hard on your friends wrists and arms ... hehe .
 This is truly one of the best deals out there . It will do anything you could ask of a cordless . drilling wood metal or concrete or driving screws of all sizes with its sensitive clutch.You do n't want anything bigger . Balance , power and runtime are unsurpassed . It 's not as quiet as the Makita but it is less expensive , has just as much power and comes with metal chuck and a much longer warranty . Best of all , it 's not yellow !
 big , heavy & tons of power ... it may be more drill than i can handle . using the hammer action , you can drill into concrete in a big hurry and also drive # 10 screws all the way through a 2X4 . there 's so much power that the drill twists in your hand from the torque reaction when you pull the trigger . this is a serious tool and i 'm very happy with it .
 Beyond a doubt , this is the best cordless drill I have ever used . Powerful , though a bit heavy , I would recommend it highly for most tasks . If you are doing alot of drywall , I would choose a lighter drill but for occational drywall it is fine . I like the clutch so the screws do n't drive too deeply . I find one frustrating drawback , it is very difficult to remove the battery . I also have a Milwaukee 14volt drill and it is a breese to remove that battery . I might exchange it for another of the same because of the difficulty removing the battery .
 I have used this drill for around 9 months now and have found it to be exceptional . It has tons of power and has no trouble belting through concrete and other masonary . The battery life is better than any other cordless drill I have used and recharging in fast.The reversible battery is really useful , particularly when working at difficult angles . It is definitely no lightweight , but power to weight is unbeatable . This is my third Milwaukee tool , and I am equally pleased with the quality and performance of the others
 I bought this drill after trying two Dewalt model DW987s . Both wobbled . The Milwaukee drills straight , has plenty of power , and has an all-metal chuck . The reversible battery is handy also . Look no further if you need a powerful cordless drill .
 Had the drill for a couple of weeks now , sunk many tapcons . Sheared off the tip of a new bosch # 3 phillips bit on one -LRB- oops - good traction on the bit , did n't use the clutch -RRB- . Seemed good on run-time ... drilled 243/8 - inch holes in 1/4-inch steel on a little over 1 full charge of a new battery -LRB- most batteries should reach peak performance on the 3rd or 4th charge , this battery was on it 's first charge - oh , kudos to the bosch titanium drill bit , too -RRB- . On the really high torque work , noticed a little flexing at the back of the grip where the seam is , but this only happened when i 'd hit a sticking point and it 'd feel like the drill was going to torque right out of my hand anyway . Highly recommended .
 This blew the doors off an 18v Hitachi . More power , longer run-time , and hammer-drill capability . It has survived a few drops already.This drill is not for the weak . Your wrists and arms will ache if you are doing wall or ceiling work all day.I wanted power and durability . It appears I have it . I 'll put up with the weight .
 This is an outstanding hammer-drill . Like almost all the Milwaukee line , it is a top quality , take-no-prisoners type drill . High torque , excellent power . Versatile . Excellent .
 I bought this item for my husband for Christmas . We are remodeling an old home that my father left me when he died . This house is maybe 75 years or older . Termites have already started eating on it so you see we have a job ahead of us . We were having a hard time getting the right angles cut for this job , so nwhen I seen this on television I knew this was something we needed . We are able now to get the correct angle to cut since this house is not perfectly square , the first time without having to keep cutting to get them to fit . I would tell anyone that this is a wonderful product to have for doing moldings or any job .
 This tool makes finding the right angle to cut a snap ! It cuts working time in half and reduces the mistakes I used to make in cutting angles .
 It works well . It did what I needed it to . The only problem is that it is to big for certain jobs . There is a smaller version that would be helpful in certain situations . Overall I recommend this for jobs with odd angles .
 This angle finder seems to be rather accurate . I used it to measure non-90-degree angles while installing hardwood flooring and was able to make perfect miter cuts based on those measurements . The Bosch might be more accurate -LRB- but I 've never used the Bosch -RRB- , but for the money , the Denali is great . It would be nice if both legs had a bubble level as on the Bosch .
 It works very good . I wish it had an angle reader in both sides , but its not big deal . Good product , good price .
 This item is great for the price . Although the specs in the box only idicate an accuracy of + / - 1degree , I have measured and checked various angles to find an accuracy of + / - .1 degree , which is the precision of the LCD . It is a decent construction extruded aluminum body with plastic components at the joints . Very well worth the money when compared to more expensive name brands that will cast well over $ 100 .
 i have been a cabinet maker and finish capenter for some 45 years and i have never seen a piece of equiptment that can make cutting angles grater than a 45degree or a 90 degree any easier it 's great for base molding chair rail molding or even crown molding
 I was a little nervous when I purchased this item as accuracy is only listed as 1 degree . I just finished making a regular pentagon shaped light fixture , and was delighted with the tool . I set the table saw with a digital angle guage to 54.0 degrees and cut the sides . When I put it together it seemed to fit very close to perfectly . After sanding , I checked the exterior angles with the Denali to see how accurate it was . To my complete surprise , 3 of the angles measured 108.0 , and the other 2 were 107.7 and 108.3 , the sum total being exactly correct at 540 degrees . I had suspected earlier that the accuracy was much better than 1 degree , but this confirmed it to me . I am confident in it to .1 degrees . I do n't know if the one I got is exceptionally good , but it performs really well .
 For the price , this is a great buy . Accuracy is as described . It would be nice to be a alittle more accurate , but can not complain for the price paid . Workmanship seems very nice .
 Denali 18-Inch Angle Protractor makes setting up your tools a lot easier . It seems to be very accurate and repeatable . Everything that I have checked with it has been either exactly right or within .01 degrees . I 'm glad I bought it .
 For the occasional user and/or homeowner , this is a great little unit for the money . . highly recommend
 You get a digital readout and simply apply it to your power tool.Great !
 Easy way to get the correct angles into my work . Projects are much easier to accomplish , woodworking or metalworking . I do n't know how I got along without it . It has certainly increased the quality of my finished projects .
 By far one of the handiest tools that I have purchased . It is of excellent quality and the price is much more reasonable than the same or similar product that I have seen being sold at retail outlets . The servicing of my order too was excellent . Thank You . AFL
 This is a beautiful mural -- very realistic looking and easy to put up . I have received endless positive comments about it . It is an inexpensive way to make a great decorating statement .
 This driver drill is powerful , smooth and lightweight -LRB- 3.8 lb -RRB- . I can use the same battery charger as my other Milwaukee tools . The only flaw is that it is difficult to change the direction of the drill -LRB- forward/reverse -RRB- without using two hands . It can be done with one hand , but you have to shift your grip on the tool to do it .
 A very good product at a reasonable price . I did a lot of research and decided that a 12v drill would be sufficient for the things I needed to do with it . It turns out that the 0502-26 offers more than enough power . The tool feels well built and the worklight that comes with it is also nice .
 Wow ! I love this hammer drill and sawzall combo set . The hammer drill is machined perfectly and the power that the drill delivers is just fantastic . I usually believe in buying all American made products , but I will gladly grant an exception . Milwaukee has taken the best of all worlds and put them together . The hammer drill is made in Germany , the batteries are made in Japan , and the sawzall in the US . Put these components together and you 've created some of the best tools available . The only downside is that the sawzall drains the battery pack fairly quickly , but the battery does charge in about an hour . So , I think I 'll get another battery . Quality , you do get what you pay for ... Good job Milwaukee
 I 'm not sure how long I 've had this drill , but probably 3-4 years . At the time I write this it has been discontinued , but I 'm sure Milwaukee has replaced it with a similar , upgraded model . After going through several lesser drills over a number of years I decided to splurge and spend the money on a REAL piece of equipment . It 's been worth every penny . I expect this drill to outlast ME , it 's that good . Very powerful , reliable , the batteries charge in about 45 minutes , and it has done everything I 've asked of it easily . If I add up what the lesser drills cost me over the years , it would have been cheaper to buy the best the first time.Whatever your expectations , this drill will probably meet them .
 It has been four years since my corded Sears brand 3/8 '' drill was given to me for Fathers Day . It has faithfully served me for normal use , but after 9/11 I purchased an American Flag and wanted to mount it on our brick facade . I quickly discovered that I needed a hammer drill and after looking at all the major brands , I settled on the Milwaukee 14.4 V cordless hammer drill . First , I am not a contractor and I do not need any more power than 14.4 V. Second , after handling similar products from Porter Cable and Dewalt , the Milwaukee handle was more slim and fit my hand much better . In addition the Milwaukee weighed less and had a metal chuck and reversible battery . I took it home charged up the battery in one hour and was able to easily drill in hammer mode four holes and then drive the screws in the brick to hold the flag bracket . My flag is proudly displayed and I am happy with my purchase of the Milwaukee 0514-24 14.4 V hammer drill .
 Nice saw with impressive power from the 18V batteries . Good ergonomics and handling with the following exception
 The Milwakee 18v circular saw is a great saw . The 18 volts gives it enough power to cut through even very hard woods , and by the time the battery gets low , the second battery is already charged and ready to go.I used this saw on a project with Mangeris wood , which is HARD . The saw had more than enough power to do the job without slowing or binding , and cuts were straight and true.The best part about this saw , though , was that it just feels right in your hand . Balance is critical in an 18volt tool , and the Milwakee is perfect . I spent all day with it and did n't get overtired . I 've used other circular saws , both corded and cordless , but this is by far my favourite .
 After checking and trying several options including 3 & 4 piece `` package Deals '' I decided I did not need the other items and this was the best saw for my purpose , it was also made in the USA . I am pleased with my decision .
 You simply ca n't bog this guy down . I compared this to a Hitachi C6DC and although the Hitachi was slightly more comfortable , I could n't get used to the blade on the right and the Milwaukee seemed to get through 2x8s effortlessly . The Hitachi could get the same job done , but it was worked harder than the Mil . Great tool .
 ok , first off if anyone expects to rip thru lumber using a cordless saw with anywhere near the performance of a corded saw your in for a big disapointment.The milwaukee 18v cordless saw is by far the best cordless saw out right now , I have used the dewalt and bosch and makita andryobi also porter.For cutting thru 2x4 's it will satisfy you quite well going thru about 30 - 50 on a battery , evan 2x6 thru 2x12 it does good . I tried to cut out a 2x12 10 step riser for stairs and it could not get thru it on a fresh battery.Plywood especially 3/4 burns up batterys super quick.now the upside , awesome balance , great power when the batteryis strong and ofcoarse awesome for roof work or any quick cutting jobs where you do n't want to set up a cord.for trim and mouldings you can cut all day , it did cut thru IPE wood an extremely hard wood -LRB- one inch by six -RRB- with fair ease.a Joy and pleasure to use and will almost double the dewalt performance.But : : :
 I 've had the new Milwaukee 18v Circle Saw for a few weeks now , I sold my 18v DeWalt to a friend of mine . Although the DeWalt was a decent saw , it did n't have the power or or even near the run time of this Milwaukee , the 2.4 amp hour battery is really an innovation in cordless tools . I 've cut through just about everything with this saw , including uni-strut , 2x12 material , 3/4 '' plywood , and many other types of building material . This saw never bogged down , even through a wet 2x12 , it got the job done time and time again . I guarantee you will not be sorry if you purchase this saw , it is the standard in which all others will be measured .
 Excellent , excellent cordless saw . I replaced a Dewalt 18v cordless with this saw . In my opinion , Milwaukee is the superior saw . This saw is every bit heavy duty ; made in the U.S.A. . The saw has terrific balance , much better than the Dewalt , and a comfortable soft grip handle . Dewalts 18v offers 3700rpm but do n't be fooled-the battery pack will drain faster . The milwaukee saw has longer run time at 3200 rpm and 2.4 amp hr battery packs -LRB- 2 batteries in this kit vs. only 1 w / Dewalts saw - at the same price ! -RRB- and plenty of power . Milwaukee will soon offer 2.6 amp hr NiMH battery packs for even longer run time , however , I believe they will have to be purchased as an accessory . The saw is unbelievably powerful . It rips through 2X material w / ease and cuts OSB beautifully . I was most impressed when it sliced through 1X oak . The case is nice but bulky . I have replaced it w / a bucketboss long-boy bag which has room to spare for other tools . When you are trying to decide on a cordless tool , you are pretty much committed to the entire line of tools . Go w / Milwaukee
 I bought this saw hoping it could handle small tasks . I was wrong , I have n't had my corded circular saw out since . It cuts everything in its path .
 I 've enjoyed my DeWalt 14.4 tools for some time , and when I finally decided to plop down the geech for a circular saw , I fully expected to continue adding to my collection of batteries with their trim saw . Until I got an eyeful of Milwaukee 's 18 volt . I could n't see bumping up to 18 volts with DeWalt , as I 'm quite sure that I would need to purchase a second battery . Milkwaukee providing two , at a comparable price , was only the beginning of their growing advantage in my initial comparisons.I have n't used the DeWalt 18 volt , but I have handled them both . The Milwaukee has far superior balance and ergonomics . In normal average use , your wrist is in perfect alignment with your forearm , grip , and direction of travel . The base is also paralell to horizontal work when holding the tool above it . The other tool demands much more of your wrist , as it 's grip is paralell to the work , rather than angled , and is front-heavy . The Milwaukee is heavier , but I believe would take less effort to operate . The padded grip is also a plus.In appearance , the Milwaukee seems more durable . The upper and lower blade guards are both magneseum , rather than having a lower guard of plastic , which is a point of contact with whatever you may rest the tool on between cuts.Now in it 's own reguard , The 6310-20 is solid , quieter than I expected , and very smooth -LRB- given the proper blade for the job -RRB- , the baseplate/blade angle can be fine tuned to 90 degrees if necessary via a hex set screw in the base and any handy square , the nearly instant electric brake speeds things up nicely , the front and rear sightlines help substantially with pocket/plunge cuts , the easily accessible spindle lock makes blade changes a snap with the supplied hex wrench or your own crescent or box wrench , the depth of cut guage can keep you out of trouble with blind wall cuts , much better thumb operated trigger release than I 've experienced , etc , etc , etc. . . My squeemishness for changing battery systems was even more alleviated when I discovered `` The Hatchet '' , and any number of tools that may be purchased separately , without all the accessories of a kit . -LRB- I have way too many chargers as it is -RRB- If interested , my tools are used in my duties in maintaining a 100 year old Theater which has been remodled , added to , subtracted from over the course of the years to become a twenty unit , sprawling , four story apartment building . Tight places , old wood , not as many outlets where I need to be .
 Top quality power tool . Looks great , easy to handle , light and has plenty of power to cut 2x4 's , 4x4 's , and thick plywood . Comes with a nice hard case too.I was so impressed with this saw I went out and bought the Milwaukee 18 volt hammer drill , cordless sawzall and portable light.If you 're wondering if a cordless saw could have the power you need to take care of business , get this one - you wo n't be disappointed and you sure wo n't miss the cord !!
 I purchased this saw for use in a hardwood lumber yard . We use it to cut things like 2 '' thick bubinga -LRB- VERY hard wood -RRB- it cuts it like it 's Pine . Great saw .
 I like this saw plain and simple . It is very durable . Much more so than the yellow ones I 've owned . It will do anything you ask of it . It cuts pretty fast compared to some other cordless saws . It 's not as fast as a 24v bosch but it does very well . It 's not as light as the Makita nor is it as smooth , and the trigger safety release is just a little harder to operate . But I still really like the saw . It , s built like a tank and feels like it will last a long time . The run time is actually better than some of the 24v saws . Every thing about it says heavy duty . One more thing , that lifetime warranty is hard to beat .
 This saw exceded my expectations . It is very well built , well balanced , and powerful . It is also very quiet . It is much better than any other cordless saws I have tried . The saw comes with two batteries which makes it an even better deal . I highly recommend this tool !
 D.K ROUNDS CONST . THIS IS A GREAT SAW FOR THE REMODELER OR ELECTRICAL INSTALLER . I FOUND IT MUCH MORE HANDY FOR CUTTING OUTLET HOLES AND PANELING .
 Wooster came out with this model of roller about two years ago , and my painting company was one of the first to try it out . Since that time , we 've really embraced this roller and it 's our go-to model for most interior painting projects . This roller handle is basically identical to its smaller 9 '' brother , theWooster Brush R017-9 Sherlock Roller Frame , 9-Inch . Obviously , the big difference , here , is the fact that this roller frame gives you an additional 5 '' of surface coverage when rolling on material . With the 50 % increase in surface area , you 're getting the paint jobs done almost 50 % faster . Do n't believe it ? Try it out!This roller has a couple of key advantages over its larger brother , theWooster Brush BR047-18 Sherlock Wideboy Hulk Adjustable Frame , 18-Inch , too . Unlike that larger roller , this one is only bracketed on one side , allowing you to paint nearer to corners like you do when using 9 '' roller frames . It 's also lighter in weight than the large 18 '' roller frames , so you 're not going to tire yourself out as quickly or go home with a sore back from using it all day . Because it does n't have these intrinsic problems of the largest roller frames , yet still allows you to increase your production rates , it 's an ideal roller for the professional . Once you try this one out , you 'll never want to go back to a 9 '' frame unless it 's for a very small project . I give this product my highest possible recommendation !
 This roller frame was just what my painting job needed . The paint went on smoothly and was very easy to get the roller cover off when done .
 I purchased both the 3/4-by -54 and the 3/8-by -54 bits . I 've had these bit go in at least a dozen wall cavities now . They do what they advertise
 I 've only used this drill bit once . I had to run a cable bundle for my HT setup inside an interior wall . i had to drill four holes that overlapped in order to end up with a hole big enough for me to get all the cables through . This bit cut the holes with ease in spite of the fact that the 2x4 was 4 feet down in the wall . In fact , the first hole I drilled went through so easy I thought I slipped and went into the sheet rock . Not so , it cut through the 2 inches of pine 2x4 like a hot knife through butter . I could n't have asked for it to work any better . If you need it , get it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I purchased this , without the guide tool , to run CAT6 patch cable and RG-6 coaxial cable throughout my house . It definitely simplified the process , compared to what I 've experienced in the past , and I 'm overall pretty happy with it.My only complaint , though maybe this is alleviated by the guide tool , is that it is a bit more rigid than I 'd prefer , making it hard to get it just where you want it . Maybe I 'll buy the guide tool before my next project . This thing did the job , so that may be many years away ...
 I have n't yet tried it , but it seems a lot stiffer than the ones I 've seen on the internet . Bowing it is very hard , so the friction it would generate by bowing it would probably be enough to load down the drill too much . That probably means wearing a glove and greasing the section of the shank that you hold to guide it . Sounds messy to me , but other than that , it appears to be good . We 'll see how it goes ...
 After seeing a Youtube video on how to install a power outlet in a wall in an older home , I took a chance and bought this . It worked just like the video showed , and I successfully ran electrical wire up the wall , into the attic . I now have a brand new outlet behind my freshly mounted flat screen TV . So great to do it yourself . I saved a good $ 200 or more on having someone do it for me -LRB- and that is a conservative estimate -RRB- .
 It 's a very nice item for the price . I got it dirt cheap -LRB- less than $ 8 -RRB- , and it 's well worth it . Nice quality stuff , and lifetime warranty . It would be great for a secondary tool around the house . Not enough sockets for a full tool kit though .
 A sturdy and sharp router bit . Easily cut through maple and formed a beautiful and smooth finished edge . Would purchase again .
 It is a small tester , however it gives big results . Worked well on known and unknown stones . Would recommend this to any dealer or novice .
 A surprisingly inexpensive device that does exactly what you want it to do.Many similar testers are listed for prices way above this one.Why pay more for the same thing?We 're very happy with it .
 This was a gift for my wife and she loves it . Definitively a great price , recommend item to my friends .
 If you follow the instructions , it works very well . I tested it on stones I knew were actual diamonds and on cz 's and you could tell by the way it beeped what they were .
 I have used it on diamonds and it worked well . If you follow the directions there is no mistaking the fake from real .
 did n't know how easy it is , know i tell the difference between made , & real diamonds at pawn shops & what people have .
 This little device is the neatest thing that i have ever scene !!! I go around the house testing everything and then take it to my friends houses and test their stuff as well
 After trying several LED keychain lights , this one is by far the best . It is a great example of good design . With it 's `` UFO '' shape , it 's round and smooth , so it does n't get tangled up with the keys on the keychain while in my pocket . The LED is inset on the side of the light , so it 's somewhat protected if dropped . The `` on '' button has a timer long enough to use the light . If the light is accidentally turned on while in your pocket , it will turn itself off . The LED light is bright enough to do the job . If you have a choice between buying the Coast Blue LED and the Coast White LED , take the white . Blue light has a longer wavelength which makes hard to see by , especially for those needing bifocals .
 I have gone through a number of these over the past 10-15 years . It seems that Coast is not selling these any longer ... too bad .
 Had one before love it hope this one lasts as long as last one so cool and easy to carry
 This easy to install showerhead is the better than much more expensive showerheads . It is very low-flow but has strong spray and is easy to adjust .
 There are no street lights around my house so I need bright lights on the front of the garage and by the front door . Fluorescent and LED bulbs have been disappointing for a number of reasons so for these fixtures I like clear incandescent bulbs . They all arrived undamaged and the ones I 've used so far have been excellent . The brightness is close to the endangered 100 watt bulbs , especially compared to a soft white 100 watt . With 24 of them -- at a very reasonable price -- I wo n't have to worry about running out for a while .
 I buy these for the lamps that are located in my kitchen and/or reading areas . I hate a yellowish or muted -LRB- soft white -RRB- light when I have work to do , and these give bright clear light . Mine were packaged quite well and had no breakages .
 It 's a bit light weight , but for the price it is exactly what I wanted . It does a good job .
 This sprinkler worked real nice but I have old fingers and it is hard to turn the dial . Just need to be younger I guess .
 Bought this to try and fight the summer drought and two things really stand out . First , this sprinkler is heavier than others , so it does n't move under the water pressure or if there is a breeze . Second , it is of a higher quality construction overall , and the nozzles fire the water farther than other oscillating sprinklers I 've purchased . Same hose , same house , same water pressure , better results with this sprinkler .
 This oscillating sprinker covers a large area . It can be adjusted so the sprinkler will rotate for those hard to water areas . I am very pleased with this product .
 My previous sprinklers no longer worked . I purchased this sprinkler and really liked it , so much so thatI purchased one for my backyard too .
 Wish I had waited to order this at the current sale price of $ 8.79 instead of the $ 12 I paid . It is worth it if you need a lawn sprinkler . It is sturdily made ; Melnor typically produces acceptable products . You can use this in full rotation as well as only half , depending upon the ground you are covering . I expect this item to give several seasons of use .
 My sprinkler system developed problems during last winter . We had such a wet spring that I only recently attempted to prepare my system to water my yard . Having difficulty getting an expert to repair my system , I decided to try using an inexpensive manual sprinkler instead . This Melnor 300 looked like a good choice.The Melnor 300 Oscillating Sprinkler '' works perfectly for my back yard . It is designed to cover up to 70 ' by 45 ' which is bigger than the yard . I can cover the entire space using only three fourth of my usual water pressure . I can simply set in the middle of the yard , turn the hose to about medium high pressure and water the space in one setting.I like the `` Melnor 300 '' it solves my watering problem and saves me the cost of repair of my sprinkler system .
 This one worked right off the bat and has been fine for 6 months . It is a little light wait it acualy works ! I am getting a second one today for my parents Christmas.I have had at least 6 Gilmors from local stores all diferant modles and they all broke within 1 year . Half of the Gilmors did not work out or the box .
 It 's a simple sprinkler , not too much to say here , it works just as I expected.A couple things I did n't consider :1 - you can probably find cheaper ones in actual stores like Target and Walmart2 - the coverage area is a lot greater than I needed , had I known I would have researched this more and gone with something smaller
 Great quality , cheap price ! Bought this for the entertainment factor on hot summer days - works great to cool down the kids on the swing set and trampoline -- and waters the grass at the same time !!
 Since I also ordered a traveling `` tractor '' type sprinkler that I absolutely love , this sprinkler does n't get as much use as I had expected it to . It does a good job of what it is meant to accomplish . It works as it is supposed to . It was a little perplexing to figure out the settings , but once I did , it is easy to set it to water the area desired .
 This is a great sprinkler for cheap . I have n't used it very much , so I ca n't comment on the longevity or durability of it , but on the occasions I have used it , it performed great .
 This unit works smoothly and uniformly covers a nice large area , though not 3200 square feet . By my estimation it covers about half that - my yard is 36 ` x44 ' , and it does n't quite reach 40 ' across . -LRB- Maybe it 's the water pressure ? -RRB- But it 's a bargain .
 It seems to getter done . And so for so good . I had a more expensive one that was metal which this one is not it is very light weight and plastic . But it cost way to much and did ` nt impress me .
 I have owned one for 15 + years and have found this unit to be excellent . Better than competitive products I have used over previous 15 years . The brass nozzles are what makes this product so great , despite its plastic body -LRB- to keep it price sensitive -RRB- . However , A couple of cautionary notes :1 . The nozzles do get clogged with dirt . I cleaned mine annually in the spring with an ordinary pin2 . Except for the watering arm and nozzles , it IS of plastic . So yo got ta treat this with care . Do not drag this with the watering hose as it puts pressure on the hose fitting . The hose fitting is `` glued on '' to the direction control mechanism , as I found out . My sprinkler FINALLY got caught while I was dragging it -LRB- being lazy -RRB- and a couple of tugs on the hose broke it.I am replacing the broken unit with another one -LRB- Unfortuntaely the price has gone up , but I 'd rather deal with a reliable product -RRB- Good luck !!
 This sprinkler covers a surprisingly large area , and puts down a lot of water . My only gripe is that it is lightweight , which suggests that it may break easily , but also means that if there is any torque on the hose it will be difficult to get the sprinkler to sit flat . Not that this is particularly hard to compensate for , but it does make usage a tad fiddly.Edit
 I bought this sprinkler to save a section of our yard when that sprinkler zone stopped working . I am very glad that I made the purchase as it has saved me the cost of having to hire a sprinkler company to come fix the zone . Instead , I was able to wait until my dad returned from overseas so that he could teach me how to fix it myself.I figured I would use this thing for a couple months and then toss it out when I no longer needed it . After 2 months of biweekly use , I do n't see any sign of wear or fatigue on the unit . I certainly thought I 'd at least see the gears showing wear or maybe some calcium deposits . I think I will either keep this up in the attic for a -LRB- non -RRB- rainy day or maybe donate it to Habitat for Humanity.Overall , a great value for the price I paid .
 OK , if you are a serious user , then you should n't be looking at Black and Decker to begin with . But , if you are like most of us weekend warriors , then this saw fits the bill nicely . There are a lot of nice features like a front and rear handle . You can raise the blade guard during use without putting you fingers as near the blade as the older models , as well as many new ones . I still have all 10 fingers . It is quick and easy to change depth and angles . Once use to the laser guide , you 'll always want one . It made a long project this summer much for enjoyable after bucking my older , better saw for 30 years . Under heavier use , I gave it some breathers , as it is n't an upper end saw , but for the money and features , it is hard to beat .
 As another reviewer mentioned ... this likely is n't going to be found on many construction sites being used day in and day out , but for the handyman , weekend warrior , or occasional craftsmen , this is a great product . I was compelled to purchase after the `` cut center '' at one of the big box stores left my custom closet shelf eaten up due to a badly dulled blade ... 30 minutes later , with this saw I was making beautiful clean cuts guided by the laser . For the $ 50 this saw will set you back you will have a reliable , safe , nice cutting product .
 I bought this circular saw in July and really like it . It 's a nice solid and quite heavy piece which comes with a general purpose rip saw blade , laser sighting , height adjustment and angle adjustment for beveling.I read some negative reviews about the saw and was a little concerned that I may not be able to change the blade . This turned out to be incorrect . For one thing , the blade comes detached from the saw and you have to mount it yourself . Sure it would be nice to have a motor lock down button . In fact not having one , seems a bit of a oversight , but like the manual says , just dig the blade into a piece of scrap wood . It works well enough , and if that is n't to your liking , just use a vice to hold the blade whilst you undo the nut and flange that releases the blade.I have used the saw a few times and it works very well , so long as you take some time and follow the proper procedures like letting it spin up to speed before putting the blade in contact with the material you plan to cut.I bought a threshold for my studio door that required the door to be cut with a bevel in order for the door to close properly without distorting the seal and ruining it . The saw did a great job , the site marker on the foot of the saw worked well , but the best thing was the laser sight line which made following my line dead easy.I found that one of the most important things when cutting is to set the depth of the blade so the teeth just peek through the material you are cutting . This means that you have fewer teeth in the wood so the saw has an easier job of cutting and is easier to control and cut in straight lines . Setting for a shallower cut also gives you more room on the sides of the metal foot , so you can easily create a saw guide or follow a straight edge.I made a cross cut guide for cutting the laminate floor boards at perfect right angles and found the above tips worked really well . Using masking tape along where I was going to cut stopped the finish from splintering on my laminate . Wish I had known about this when I did the door.One thing I 'd really love to see would be some mounting holes on the metal foot of the saw so I could mount it to board and jury rig a quick saw bench.Overall I am very pleased with this circular saw . It 's the best of about half a dozen I have used over the years . The laser sighting especially makes a real difference .
 I took this saw out of the box , found that all the adjustments had been made perfectly at the factory , and proceeded to cut 96 linear inches of 1/8-inch plate steel and make about two dozen angle cuts across 11/4 '' x 11/4 '' angle iron . If this saw is not found on construction sites , it certainly is n't because it lacks the power . The laser has turned out to be a much bigger help than I thought it would because , since it projects well out onto the stock , it shows the slightest tendency of your hand to turn the saw . Since this can be corrected early , the cuts are straighter and the saw runs with less friction on the sides of the kerf , thus more blade speed and less chance of kickback generally . The general weight and balance of this saw , in addition the the locations and configuration of the grips , are excellent . It is a pleasure to use it . I ca n't imagine why I would pay more for a saw when this is available .
 Ca n't emphasize the utility of the on board laser . This allows you to rip a 4X8 plywood board with ease ! Makes this tool as easy to use as a jigsaw . Nice feature is that the laser is powered by the cord rather than batteries !
 When I got this saw I had three projects pending and was able to complete the projects with the help with this saw , the laser light I enjoy very much because of my eye emparement . I rate this saw with high marks.Tom
 quality built product , perfect for the homeowner . Only thing missing from the saw that wouldve given it 5 stars is a spindle lock for mounting the blade . Other then that , no problems with the unit .
 This is a handymans saw.I like the weight and the laser sight.It can take what I can throw at it.However , I am not using it in an industrial capacity.Nice !
 I have really enjoyed this saw , and it has worked perfect . Highly recommend it .
 Have only used it a few times.A powerful saw and the laser helps to make a good cut
 This product was everything I expected and then some . My husband loved it . It has a laser guide , and adjustable angle for different cuts . WONDERFUL !
 Purchased as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law . Great tool at a great price .
 I bought the grandfather of this saw thirty years ago , and hope this one will last me just as long . The old saw gave good weekend service year in and year out . It still works , but the safety switch is finicky and I can hear a bearing failing . So , I 've bought the newer version with high hopes . It has nice new features . Another 30 years should about do me - think it will make it ?
 After waiting until it was almost Christmas for my husband to tell me what he wanted , he finally blurted out that he wished he had a circular saw . I found a great deal from target.com through Amazon.com . And the package arrived 2 days earlier than expected . My hubby was very surprised and excited !
 I have used this saw very little as yet . So far I am very pleased .
 I bought this to cut laminate flooring that we were laying in our home . It arrived in good shape , and everything was easy to put together . It did a great job on cutting on the flooring , and it was very easy to get the hang of . I am really happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone doing handywork around the house . I 'm not sure how it will hold up with massive construction needs , but for a smaller project like ours , it was great .
 I researched quite a few models in this price range , including cordless . Settled on the 7in blade , as I only need it for home handyman projects . Have loved this thing . No mechanical or electrical issues after a year - i probably use this a couple times a month . Laser was actually useful to cut a long 6 ft shelf for a closet project
 Update
 Es un equipo excelente , buena calidad y acabado . un solo detalle
 . on time and as advertised , good value and hard to find at this price , all around good purchase , easy to use .
 This is only the second saw I bought in 25 years and I give them a good workout for a home owner grade tool . The saw has very low vibration and feels balanced in my hand . The laser is n't visible in bright daylight so if you work outdoors do n't count on it .
 It is a saw &#8230; It can cut without a problem -LRB- 2x4 / 2x6 / 2x8 / plywood / I have not tried other sizes -RRB- . It did not come with a case . But that was not a big deal I used my old case . The laser works . It will project about 12 to 18 inches .
 Excellent Product , My boyfriend love it , I do not know why I did not think before to give him a tools to work in the house , the good thing is that it enjoys and takes him everywhere .
 I do small woodworking projects and repairs around the house . For me , this is perfect . Have had no problems making cuts . It 's fast and easy to use .
 Decent sprinkler , at least for smaller areas . However , I found a much better price for the same style sprinkler at Lowes . I was only able to use it for less than 2 months , so I ca n't report on its reliability .
 This is an excellent replacement for the OEM wter filter . I have priced these at stores and it is about half of what I would pay elsewhere . I have purchased several of these and they have not had any problems . It it is a perfect fit and I have never had any problems with leaking . There is a definite increase in the taste of our water . We have a high iron content and this removes most of it . After about 5 or 6 months , it will need to be replaced in order for it to work effectively . This is a must buy if you need a water filter for yoru refrigerator .
 Works like a champ . Easy installation BUT watch out - the air in the lines causes the in-door tap to continue to flow even after it is turned off . Purge the air with a large glass right after filter installation
 Easy to replace an existing cylinder . I am unable to test the quality of the water that comes through the filter .
 I went to my military exchange to purchase a filter . They were out . I then thought I 'd see if AMZ sold the filter and to my surprise they did . The single filter was much less then the excahnge price . Then I saw I could purchase a two filter pack for less than the cost of one filter at the exchange . AMZ shipped the order with free shipping and it was n't but a few days before it was delivered . After receiving the filters I liked the purchased so much that I ordered another two pack . Ca n't beat the price !
 This is the same water filter that my fridge requires at half the cost that it sells for in the localappliance store . I always check with Amazons prices first before I purchase .
 Fir perfect . This was cheaper in price than anywere else that I could find it , and it works great , exactly what I was looking for .
 I have went the the local store , and frankly they charge much more for this . The items worked just as expected .
 Hopefully its company keeps this price for long , then I will buy it again & again as long as I own my this type of fridge . I recommend to friends and families as well . Good product with this price !
 The order arrived in a timely manor . And it works . Now I have extra for next time , instead of ordering at the last minute .
 Filters fit well and make the water and ice taste great . The twin pack allows you to have a backup in case the filter gets full before you realize it .
 Much cheaper than getting it locally or from Whirlpool ... ahhh . . fresh water again.My only complaint is that the packaging did n't look entirely new . -LRB- The outside box -RRB-
 GREAT PRODUCT . WHY DO i HAVE TO WRITE A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF WORDS . WHY CA N'T I JUST RATE WITH THE STARS ?
 Economical , easy to install . Do n't know what else I can say for the remaining words required here to submit this .
 Perfect fit on my Kenmore - -LRB- Whirlpool -RRB- Refrig . Put a little vasoline on the tip which made the install very easy . I run them about a year or so , much to expnsive otherwise ...
 expectations were the same as before . this was not my first time purchasing this filter . everytime i purchase these they work as expected .
 Like so many reviews I write on here , this one is about the value not the product . Let 's face it , if your fridge takes these then you buy them and put them in ... whether or not they do what they should is anyone 's guess , right ? But , since you do have to buy them and put them in , buy these since they 're cheaper than you can get them anywhere else , or than buying them one at a time . -LRB- If you 're like me , you will extend the life of these filters by leaving them in for 2 cycles instead of changing it when they recommend . -RRB-
 I bought a three pack and wished had bought a five pack . Sooner or later one has to replace these filters and buying locally even at Walmart is much more expensive .
 Good deal , right product . Exactly as expected ... This is the correct manufacturer-spec replacement for the water filter in Whirlpool refrigerators that need the GSWF filter . It works great and makes the water taste better .
 I 'm not sure how to evaluate a carbon filter . I * think * it 's doing its job , but I do n't really know .
 These water filters are well priced and do the job they promise . At this price they are good value.As an Aussie buyer though the delivery charge was very steep -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- so make sure you factor that into your calculations .
 This is a PUR water filter for the Whirlpool refrigerator . My frig is about 10 years old and takes this filter . Not all whirlpool filters are the same . Its important to make sure the serial number matches . Took about 30 seconds to install and the water tastes great .
 After searcing various sites , found the best deal at Amazon . Lowes and home depot sell the product for $ 40 , I got it for $ 25 at amazon . Great product .
 Paid just a few dollars more for TWO on amazon as to the cost of ONE at Sears . They are identical as what Sears sells ... why waste your money ... buy on Amazon !
 Bought the generic filters from Amazon a couple years back at a great price . Installed the last one recently and decided to replenish my stock . Amazon had the name brand filters this time priced less than the generic . What a deal . I paid for three name brand what I paid for two generics last time ! Shipping was reasonable and fast . Thanks Amazon !
 This filter was to replace the water filter in my refrigerator . It was priced well and the product is working great .
 Products such as this filter are purely utilitarian . Nothing to get excited about - but they work , provide filtered water without the expense of bottled water , and are very easy to replace . Just wish they were not so expensive .
 What a deal ! Exactly as described , brand new , about half the local price for this filter , and fast shipping . I really do n't know how well this filters , but our water through the filter taste good , is clear , and does n't smell .
 The Whirlpool Refrigerator Filter was very easy to install and worked perfectly upon installation . Water tastes great .
 Filter works great in our Kenmore refrigerator . It should since Whirlpool built it for Sears under the Kenmore name .
 The product was new , in the box , just as requested . Delivery was in a timely manner , price was as expected . I would do business with this company again.Whirlpool / Kenmore Deluxe Water Filter -LRB- 4396508-3pack -RRB-
 Saw some negative reviews on this product , but what I got was the OEM and they work just fine . No issues noted , flushed the filter out per manufacturer 's instruction and filter works great . Ca n't beat the price and I will definitely order my filters from Amazon again .
 This is the exact brand we use for my fridge , and I was so happy I was able to find it on amazon for MUCH less than we pay at the local store . Also received it in just two days !!
 Easy to install , water tastes great . Subscribe and save is a winner , set for 6 months and no need to remember to replace or pay attention to the little filter life light .
 Was hesitant to purchase this after reading some of the reviews . Only purchased a single filter instead of a 2 pack which would have been even cheaper . As it turned out , the filter was the exact same one I have received from Whirlpool and more than $ 10 cheaper . As always on past orders , Amazon delivered the advertised product , at a great price and in a timely manner . Will order this again , but as a 2 pack .
 These Whirlpool Water Filters are the products the manufacturer recommends . The water does taste great by comparison to aftermarket filters . Great Price for the two filters with free ship . Shipping took a little while , about 12 days from order date . Not really an issue for me , but typically , most of my Amazon products come in 5-7 days .
 Brand new Whirlpool filters . Ca n't find these at this price in the store . Will be buying online from now on .
 This is a great deal . These are $ 30 + at the home supply stores -LRB- you know who those are the two biggies -RRB- . I noticed no difference in flavor/character in the waters taste over the ones you buy at the stores .
 Stop the propaganda ! There 's nothing beneficial about fluoride - this has been scientifically proven multiple times . Hell , the EU banned the use of fluoride in drinking water because its a known neurotoxin.I keep ordering these filters because they make my horrible -LRB- Nashville -RRB- water taste less like chemicals . But as soon as I find a brand with the spine to filter out the fluoride , I 'm switching .
 Whirlpool 4396508 KitchenAid Side-by-Side Refrigerator , Quarter Turn Water Filter , Non-Cyst , 1-PackThis was a great thing . Now we can have the filter sent to us automatically when it needs changing . Not having to remember to purchase it is great . The filter fits perfectly , it is easy to install and seems to be doing its job . Was received it quickly too .
 The filter works great and is significantly cheaper than what I can find at the stores . I can buy 3 from Amazon for less than I can buy 2 from Sears for my Kenmore frig . Duh .
 Old filter started acting up with 6 months of low usage . Noticed the water and ice tasted fishy . Using this new filter brought back a fresh taste and was higher rated than the ones I purchased for more at my major appliance department store .
 Perfect fit and perfect price for refrigerator water filter . Easy to install and worth ordering . It was so much cheaper than buying locally .
 What can I say ? You order what you need , get a good price , it arrives quickly and as ordered , and works fine . Ahhh . Life is good , or at least the water is .
 THANK YOU FOR OFFERING A CLASS A NSF CERTIFIED WATER FILTER AT A FAIR PRICE & GOOD SERVICE , COMPARED TO THE RIPOFF WAREHOUSE STORES & SEARS .
 In searching for an economical source for replacing my refrigerator water filter , I discovered Amazons program for placing an ongoing order to receive filters on a six month basis . I enrolled in this program , and have been pleased with the results .
 If this filter would last just a little longer , say another 60 days , I 'd give five stars . Other than that , it works great !
 We live in a small town in Florida and need to replace the water filter in our Whirlpool refrigerator once a year . This filter is always available on AMAZON at a good price and we receive in just a matter of a few days .
 Have had fridge for 7 years . Use these filters every 6 months . No complaints with filters . Amazon did a wonderful job of getting them to us in record time . Many thanks !
 The filter worked as expected and was very reasonably priced , too ! We will order our filter from this vendor again .
 Not much to say - replaced the filter , it works great - water tastes very good .
 This product was easy to order , shipped very quick and was exactly the filter I was looking for . I will order this filter every 4-6 months from the same company . I recommend them highly !
 It works very well . I finally could afford the name brand filter . Thanks
 A must have for your frig . The water taste so much better with the actual Whirlpool filter compared to the generic filters . It costs a bit more but you get what you pay for .
 I am very pleased with the water from this filter . I would buy it again .
 This is the best water filter I 've ever used . I 've since sold my fridge that had this thing integrated , and I 've tried several other filters ; none were as good.Even the whirlpool under-the-sink model does n't get the water tasting quite as good as this one does . Brita , PUR , GE ... none of the alternatives that are in the same price range are as good.The best comparison is Sparklett 's water . They 're a company in San Antonio that delivers 5 gal bottles to our office . That 's how the water that comes out of this filter tastes .
 Product was cheaper than in the store and the quickness of getting it delivered here is superb.Thanks !
 The turnaround time from when I placed the order to when I received the product was great . I would shop from them again . Great to do business with .
 The filter I purchased from filters fast was the correct filter for my whirlpool refridgerator & was shipped in a timely matter . I will use them again .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner and was recieved in the condition expected . Good seller .
 This is an excellent purchase . Going to numerous stores , I found I saved about 1/2 of costs by buying thru Amazon and using the 2 pack ! Great money saver !
 I 've ordered this product before , but never from Amazon . Recently , we found it necessary to change our refrigerator more frequently . I just happened to check Amazon for their price on an identical filter and was pleasantly suprised that the filter was less expensive than a couple of other sites I had previously used AND it qualified for free shipping . What a great find ! rpw
 I had a very fast delivery and everything came . The filters work great and the price was reasonable . Thank you for all your help .
 You must ask yourself why go to Sears and purchase one filter when you can get great quality online and pay less for two or more for one.Sorry retail store no longer purchasing water filter in the store .
 It works as advertised . What else can you say about a water filter ? WOO HOOOOO !!!
 I had ordered replacement filters through Whirlpool and got the wrong ones . I found this set of three which cost less than two from Whirlpool . The Whirlpool service would have been convenient if I would have gotten the correct part for a reasonable price . Do n't make the same mistake I did , shop around !
 Very convenient to be able to buy this item in a three pack , so I do n't have to go to a specific store every 6 months .
 Used this filter for the past 5 years -- never had a problem . We 'll stick with Whirlpool brand .
 Works perfect . Shipping excellent , specified date too early than actual date of shipping . Thumbs up
 As expected , the filtered water tastes great and is a cheap alternative to continually buying bottled water . Installation was easy , and product lasts for approximately six months . Recommended !
 These are the standard filters used in many refrigerators like my Whirlpool . They filter all the water used in the ice maker and the in-door water dispenser just as you would expect them to do.The 3-pack of these is a great maoney saving costing only about $ 5 more than buying two of them individually.They only rate about a 4 in the star system because they never last as long as Whirlpool says they should . The owner 's manual says about 5-6 months with the sort of use we put them to , and the `` change me '' light comes on at about the 5 month time , and the water flow through begins to diminish about the same time . But , changing the filter at the 4-month point keeps the water taste top notch . Waiting that extra month or so gives you water that is n't as clean tasting.Ah , well . At least you save money buying in bulk .
 Standard replacement filter for fridge . Works fine . Lasts 6 months . It could be cheaper but it is convenient and improves the taste of water for drinking and coffee . Shipment was n't super quick but it was n't bad either .
 Exact and correct item was received very quickly and at a better price than I could have found locally . Since this type of refrigerator needs a new water filter periodically , I will definitely be purchasing from this seller again .
 Gon na keep this review short and sweet ... These are high-quality filters , ensuring pure , taste-free drinking water from your in-door water and ice dispensing system . Buying them in the 3-pack is economical , and will last you over a year -LRB- depending on use , of course -RRB- . I deducted one star due to the fact that these need to have a few quarts of water run through them before one can expect completely clear output . I suppose this is just nit-picking , but I think anyone considering these would want to know what to expect before purchasing them.Hope this helps !
 This purchase saved me a lot of money . I change filers every six months and they are not cheap . Thanks
 Works great at a great price . Arrived on ahead of schedule . I highly recommend t to anyone in need of a good water filter replacement .
 This item is a Whirlpool replacement part . It installs as easy as if I had spent more locally . I will purchase it again .
 With the current water quality , it is impossible to imagine , for fresh water benutyen yu!Good quality and good price !
 We have used these for several years in out Whirlpool refrigerator . They appear to be a less expensive replacement for the original . They fit and do not leak .
 We bought our fridge about 6 years ago and our local sears went out of business plus the filter was over $ 80 !!! Found this on amazon and was so happy cheaper and easier to look up than calling sears and waiting and waiting ...
 Product was as expected and came when I expected it . I have not installed it yet as I am still waiting for some parts for my refrigerator
 Exact match for replacement water filter . Easy installation . Fast delivery . good price . Would recommend this product to anyone who has a Whirlpool front outside quick turn water filter element .
 This is a filter for my refridgerator bought it online because the stores are a rip off . This was the perfect one for my needs and works great !
 I paid about half getting these filters than what the price was at the big blue home supply store . Identical product , replaced perfectly , Happy camper !
 Not much more to say . Took the old one out , put a new one in . Voila ! Filtered water . These seem to give great quality water . No complaints !
 I have used this product for the last three years as a replacement part for my fridge . It has worked very well and I have no complaints . I usually replace it twice a year and it seems to keep my water tasting crisp and fresh .
 Great price ... very competitive pricing and fast -LRB- free ! -RRB- shipping ... and no sales tax !!! Saved time & gas by not having to find & go to a parts store.Would recommend to anyone needing to replace their water filter.I will be using Amazon for my next filter when it needs replacing .
 I buy one of these every 6 months for the frig to keep fresh water around for the kids and cooking . Always works great , this one was a great deal . Will be back in 6 more months !
 Got good mail service & product is a replacement filter and works just fine . Well satisfied .
 Once again a great deal from Amazon ! Name brand merchandise at a great price . You can always count on Amazon to give you good product specs and you can be confident when buying from them . One of my most trusted retail web sites and the first place I shop .
 Fast and cheap . A great deal with free shipping . I will continueto order my water filters for my refrigerator this way
 No problems here . With the rebate , this dual pack costs about 1/2 the price the local home improvement stores were charging .
 The price fot the pair is a very good deal . The final cost is about half of the store price per unit .
 This was the best price that I could find for this common product they have increased in price a lot since we started using them
 Why buy at the store when you can get it from Amazon for a better price and FAST delivery ?
 I just bought these filters and couldnt be happier . I bought the 2 pack which was just a little bit more than buying 1 at Sears . I would do this again .
 These filters are the same filters you would buy at the big box stores . The difference is that at the big box stores - people open the boxes to look at the filters to see if it resembles the one they left at home . The price for these two brand new filters is excellent and I would highly recommend that anyone who wants clean water purchase these filters from Amazon.com
 I ordered these filters because I wasnted the name brand , instead of one of the copies , considering where a lot of things are being made , I just do n't trust the wannabes .
 The item was received expeditiously and the price was competitive . I would use this provider again .
 Amazon shipped the filter as their posted and take a 7-day to arrival after placing the order . It is expected since I use a free shipping.It is a annually replacement item in the refrigerator . This a quality product and save money by order it from Amazon that comparing to buy it from a local store .
 These filters are just what our fridge calls for but at a lower price than Sears , Lowe 's or Home Depot . Will definitely buy again - good seller !
 Product was a breeze to install although it took a long time to be shipped ! Was slightly on the expensive side .
 I am pleased with the price and speedy delivery.The model number did not match the filter that I was replacing and so I hestitated , but decided to give this a try.It 's doing the job and for much less money than I would have paid buying it locally.The two for one price almost made the second one free .
 Once again , Amazon had the best price for these Kitchen Aid water filter . Happy with purchase and save some money as well .
 This is very good filter , I will shop again when I need to replace new one .
 I like knowing that refrigerators now have these filters . I changed it myself , and it was quite easy . Remember , the quarter turn may take a little elbow-grease .
 I got what I ordered , at a fair price , on time - what more could I ask ??
 Works great but there is a better filter which I did n't notice until after I bought it .
 not a fan of bottled water , filters are my solution , these work great and are much cheaper for 6 months than 6 months of bottled water . Read this months -LRB- July -RRB- Consumers Reports about bottled water and stop throwing your money out the window .
 Ordered this to replace the existing water filter in my refigerator . There was a noticeable difference in the taste of the water . Installation was simple .
 We like getting our refrigerator filters in the duo pack to save a bit of money when we purchase them . These are the genuine Whirlpool models so they fit perfectly and work great ! A lot of times they last even past the time that the refrigerator indicates that we should change them .
 This makes the 4th time I have purchased this filter from Amazon . This time , the price on the single filter pack was less than the per unit price when buying the 2-pack , so I purchased 2 single filter packs . I always check Amazon 's price first on this item .
 This is a factory item , not a generic . SWhould work fine and does as for now .
 bought this through amazon , because a -RRB- they had it and b -RRB- i did n't have to drive to the store and get it ... than you amazon ...
 It was that time again to replace the water filter in my refrigerator . I know you should change them more often then I do but at the store prices who can afford to . With this product I may change mine more frequently now . No issues installing and as far as I can tell is working .
 I 've been using this water filter for some years now . It fits , works and lasts as described . Very good time delivery and price .
 not much to say was shipped fast good packaging easy to install and my water tastes good . Was glad to buy online as local hardware stores do not stock these .
 Easy to install , after spilling about 30 cups its ready to use . Ive noticed that it needs to be replaced a month or two earlier than its supposed to . But the water tastes great .
 A+I am happy with the purchase and I like the product . I need 9 more words for the review - A +
 This filter is top of the line at a reasonable price . We ordered this filter on a continued renewal . This eliminates guesswork .
 Its nice to have these handy when needed , and I do n't have to remember to pick them up when shopping , and they are cheaper .
 Hi - nothing fancy but I bought 2 filters to qualify for free shipping and so I would n't have to buy another one in 6 months . These fit perfect into my older refrigerator . I recommend them to anyone .
 When I received my Whirlpool Refrigerator Water Filter , I liked the idea of not having to go to a store to pick it up and having the options of receiving a filter every 6 months or so as a second reminder -LRB- the first reminder is the amber light -RRB- and the cost is reasonable as well.Thanks
 The filter was the proper fit for my refrigerator . I needed to use the instructions that came with the frig , and then it installed very easily .
 Items were what I expected , arrived quickly , and I was able to purchase two for the price of one filter at a store .
 always change the filter at the sixth month mark and it makes a big difference in taste quality of the water . easy to install . never had a leak or other problem with these . i think this is the 3rd pack we have installed . always able to taste a difference once replaced . have not used any other brand in the past and have been satisfied with these .
 I went a loooooooooooooong time before changing these out , but I am glad I did . This product is the same exact product that came with my fridge and worked excellent .
 I found the identical filters on Amazon that I had been buying locally for twice the price and in a 2pack so I have a spare on hand .
 this is a two pack of whirlpool side by side refrigerator water filters . Easy to install and they work fine . delivery was fast and as promished .
 This is perfect for my Whirlpool refrigerator . Always buy the intended filter for these types of appliances for your own good . The cheap alternative ones do not do anything at all and you basically waste your money . Just follow the directions to install this , and flush out about 3 gallons of water immediately after the installation -LRB- of course do n't waste it and use it to water your plants -RRB- and everything will be set !
 Have always bought my filters from Sears for $ 45.00 . This product is a perfect replacement and much cheaper . Water quality taste the same . -LRB- i think the sears filter is identical to the one on amazon -RRB- . Will now buy from Amazon .
 Product arrived before estimated arrival date . Easy to install . Appears to be functioning properly . However , this is an unnecesary operating expense imposed on the refrigeraor customer . The filter has to be replaced every 6 months at approximately $ 30 each , or $ 60 per year . This is probably more than the cost of the power to run the refridgerator . They ought to design a better way to filter the water .
 this filter through amazon is the same filter carried at my local home depot but half the price through amazon gives great tasting water just remember to change every 4-6 months depending on water quality of your area
 I am cheap -LRB- frugal -RRB- I searched for the best price . I got it . It arrived , I was happy.Would do it again .
 I was afraid it would not work or fit , you see it in the photo , but you dont have the exact size . Now I am very happy . Maybe you can put the sizes in your add . Thanks .
 Works fine received on time correct item cost fair not much else to say about filters snd and and and
 The only reason why I purchased this item from Amazon was the lower price . This product works as is ! Just make sure the product code matches your refrigerator !
 great buy for the money should have picked up two at this price , they last six month 's , easy to install every home should filter their water .
 My old filter started producing water that tasted fishy after only a few months of usage . This filter always guarantees me fresh tasting water . Although I paid a little extra , it was worth it because I find myself
 Item was exactly as described and arrived quickly . Will order again when needed since the cost was significantly cheaper than buying in the store .
 I bought these for my Whirlpool side by side . This is the cheapest I have found for the actual Whirlpool brand of filters .
 Buying these locally is more expensive than I wanted to pay . With the added convince of purchasing online at a lower cost it was a no brainer . Add in the subscribe and save feature and I jumped on the bandwagon . Local costs on these is around $ 32 , I save around $ 10 on every single filter up front when I buy through Amazon . When you include the added time savings and not needing to spend money on gas to pick them up then the deal is even sweeter . I go through one of these every 3 months . So over 1 year I save $ 40 up front and probably another $ 40 with time and gas savings . Over 5 years that 's $ 400 in savings . Not bad .
 We have used these for 6 years and they seem to work fine so I guess i can recommend them
 The filters work just fine and were delivered with the usual reliability and promptness of Amazon . Price was the best I could find . Just be careful when starting the water flow after changing the filter . Be sure to have a large container under the dispensing tube at first until all the air is expelled , otherwise , you 'll need a mop .
 I purchased these Whirlpool filters as a replacement filter for my Kenmore side-by-side refrigerator . I was able to easily determine the correct filter needed from information I found on the Internet by referencing my refrigerator model number . The filters arrived quickly , work great and were very easy to install .
 Have one installed one for about 6 months and works just great . I do n't mind the money I saved buying here . Fast shipping .
 If you read the instructions it will drive you nuts ! If I remember right , it 's lefty -LRB- loose -RRB- and right -LRB- tight -RRB- . Once I figured it is counterclockwise -LRB- not clockwise like the instructions said -RRB- , much to my amazement it come right out like it said it would . Make sure you run plenty of water thru the dispenser so it will hopefully stop dripping.I would advise keeping an eye on it so there is no water running or call your insurance agent to make sure you have water damage insurance . Otherwise , it seems ok !
 The same filter you 'll find in the stores for more money . This filter is actually made by Pur so you can compare it with the comparable Pur product . I bought this for a Kenmore side-by-side that takes a filter that goes in the bottom front grille .
 I ordered one of these filters at 8 AM on 12/23/09 and received it at 4:40 PM on 12/23/09 . This is the fastest I 've ever received an item from anyone . I still ca n't believe how quickly it arrived . I assume that it is the same filter that I used before . i wo n't know anything else about the filter until I actually use it in about 9 or 10 months .
 When we first got our KitchenAid refrigerator , we bought the new purifiers at applicance parts websites . They cost an arm and a leg . A year or so back we discovered that Amazon offered these purifiers . The prices were much more reasonable . At first we try the Brita purifiers , but they left an unbearable plastic taste in the water . So we switched to these filters . We have n't looked back . They work great and are a great price .
 Have n't noticed anything like leaks or any kind of taste . So I 'm guessing the filter is doing it 's job . Kind of hard to write a review on a water filter . But water tastes great and the ice is clear .
 The filters arrived ahead of schedule at a price way below what was being sold at Home Depot . I would definitely buy here again .
 Received a few days after ordering and the product is as described . Will order again when needed .
 I was very pleased at locating new filters for my Whirlpool Gold Conquest refrig . Locally they cost around $ 40 . for one filter . Amazon offered the best price which included fast , free shipping . I plan on re-ordering in the future and highly recommend this item to other Whirlpool owners .
 After seeing the price at the manufactures site , I decided to hunt around and I 'm glad I did . Saving over $ 17 on the exact same product is always a pleasure .
 love your wide selection and quick delivery . Had a hard time trying to find this item in stores , your site described and ` found ' what Iwas looking for quickly and painlessly . This filter installs easily , and works beautifully .
 The price for these filters is the lowest I have found for the exact name brand , and I have looked both locally and online . I have cause to buy alot of water filters -LRB- for rental properties -RRB- . This is a great deal , especially the two pack . And for those who have trouble getting the right size filter , it is easy if you just search online for your model number -LRB- mounted on a plate in your fridge -RRB- . That or a fridge filter website makes it very simple .
 Product is very easy to install and operates well within 1-2 minutes . No black specks or metallic / plastic tastes as described with related lower priced products .
 It fits , it works and it was at a good price . What more can you say about a water filter for the fridge ?
 Product works great . First time I had to replace a filter in the fridge and was super easy to install . One word of advice if you have never done this is to make sure and run a couple of gallons of water through the filter after you install it as per the instructions on the filter ; instructions are not on the box or in an insert . Fits great and works great . Very good price with no taxes or shipping charges . Will definitely buy this same filter again from amazon - though I probably should have bought a 3 pack .
 This is the standard replacement water filter for a Whirlpool refrigerator . It 's performance is identical to any purchased at the big box and local appliance stores .
 This is the second time I have bought this 2-pack of filters for my fridge . Each one lasts 6 months and supplys all the ice & water I need in that time -LRB- for my wife & I -RRB- I buy them at Amazon because they have the cheapest price I have found . All in all , I am very pleased with my purchase !
 This water filter is the exact same product sold on Whirlpool 's web site ... expect that Amazon sells it at a lower cost , will ship it to you for free , and will get it to you faster . Enough said .
 I try to change out this filter every six months or so . This is a much better price than at stores . I had went to the store I usually had got it from and they wanted to special order the filter and it would have been 45.00 to do that , needless to say I ordered from Amazon and got free shipping !
 I am so glad Amazon offered this product , it was easier to purchase and cheaper than trying to go thru a dealer in my area . I live in a small town and it is usually easier to find things on Amazon . Thanks for your variety . Filter was exactly what I needed and the shipping time was not long at all . Thanks Again !
 These filters work just as they claim . They are easy to instal and make the water taste better . What else can you say ?
 Not much I can say . Works and costs cheaper on Amazon with the free shipping , than anywhere else I could find . Certainly much more cost-effective to buy this kind of thing online than in a store .
 Before I bought this I tried a cheaper knockoff brand -LRB- can be found in my reviews -RRB- and it was not a good experience.Then I bought this one , the actual Whirlpool brand , and it resolved the issues we had with the knockoff brand.CONS
 MFG part no. 4396508This item is an easy replacement for the original equipment that came with the refrigerator . There are many ` so-called ' universal replacement filters ; BEWARE . This is a good match based on the mfg model number . I has been in place for a couple of weeks now with no mishaps , leaks etc. . Follow easy directions provided with the filter and purge it with two gallons of water before using . Water is initially cloudy due to the carbon based filter charging ; but , clears after about a gallon and half .
 Product was the name brand for the cheaper price . I usually get the generic filter , but this time I got the name brand filter for the generic price . Works great !
 These provide great tasting filtered water for the ice maker and water dispenser of my KitchenAid SS refrigerator .
 IT WORKS . The price is right and i have it at my door which keeps me from going out to pick one up . I never remember so i just keep ordering it here .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Same product but less expensive than if purchased directly from manufacturer .
 Sweet as the gods ' own ambrosia , pure as a white diamond on a starlet 's finger -- that 's the water that travels through this filter . If only we had a filter of such quality for our political discoure , or our Internet forums ; that would clean the taste of this odious world . Excelsior , Whirlpool , excelsior !
 Water Filter was cheap and worked with my Whirlpool fridge . I liked the fact that it came in a 2-pack . Very happy with product . Easy installation .
 This filter is replaced about every six months , it you fail to your water and ice pick up a taste.This is the best place to buy the filters .
 This is the same exact product I payed $ 50 for 6 months ago at a local hardware store . I am so glad I found this one . This shipping was insanely fast , item as described and saved us a lot of money .
 We were happy to find this filter online costing MUCH LESS than those we had been purchasing at Sears . We were even happier when it arrived and is the original , brand name filter -LRB- as some reviewers indicated that those they received were not -RRB- . We will purchase the multi-pack the next time and save even more money .
 For a product that is an aftermarket filter , it appears to be as good as the genuine filter . It works just fine . Without lab results , I do n't think I can tell the difference .
 what i needed for less then sears offering . had to remember to let water run for a bit before using .
 The product i received is exactly what I thought it would be , it was shipped quickly and has preformed well so far .
 I was not sure about how to do this , and this was very easy.If you go to the base of your refrigerator in the grill there is a circular whit cap , you twist that out and bring out your old water filter , attach the new one and screw it back in.You definitely want to make sure you run the water through it at least 3 gallons to make sure you get any of the loose particles out of the water . I did notice them for the first couple gallons.Would recomend also getting an extra twist cap , they are pretty cheap , and based on how hard it is to turn these -LRB- took some real muscle power -RRB- you might want to have that on hand just in case.I loved the reduced price for this versus on my manufacturers website . Have been using these and they work great !!!
 Great price and better than an after market filter , unless you want a water leak cause that 's what happen to me with an a dollar or two cheaper after market filter .
 Our Whirlpool side by side refrigerator , 2006 vintage , has a water dispenser that gets a lot of use . We have well water and without filtering there is a noticeable taste of iron in our water , especially for infrequent guests who notice the iron flavor right away . These filters do a great job and last a long surprisingly long time in our household . Although it is recommended to replace them every 6 months , in the 6 years that we have had our Whirlpool fridge , there was at least one time that we went almost a year and without changing the cartridge before even a hint of iron flavor was there . The only other comment I 'd have is that you need to be SURE to run the recommended 3 gallons -LRB- or more -RRB- through a new filter before drinking/consuming the output . Use it on your plants or something ... there is a definite odd taste until the filter is fully saturated and any remnants from manufacturing are flushed through . After that `` break in period '' , the water tastes like good spring water to me ... not sterile like distilled water .
 Although it is annoying to have to purchase a water filter every 6 months , I do enjoy knowing that impurities are filtered even more than our parish filtration . This product arrived promptly and is easy to install .
 The Whirlpool filter was easy to install based on the instructions on the cart in which it came . Shipping was fast . Thank you
 great replacemeant , for a good price . works perfectly in my frig . i will definetly buy another one . nice job you guys .
 We use this in our KitchenAid fridge . We tried another brand which left a chlorine taste in our ice cubes . This disappeared completely when switching to this product . We order via Subscribe and Save and get a discount as well as free shipping , and it arrives right around the time we need to change the filter - great system !
 The filters go without saying that they are fine but this price is the best ever . Sears deals are double this price and even Kichenaide direct is around 30 % higher
 These arrive promptly in original packaging in good shape . Not much else to be said , they are the required filter for my refrigerator .
 Rec 'd order promptly and it seems to be working just fine . Cheaper than buying locally or thru Whirlpool . Seems to be a original mfg item , not a knock off .
 As always this product works well and provides the 10 month life cycle they claim . No problems with filter fit . Good packaging and shipping .
 Works fine , plug in and twist and you are set pretty much . I bought the 2-pack , not much discount for buying multiple , but nice to have an extra on hand instead of needing to reorder every 6 months or so .
 Buy this one from this vendor and you can never go wrong . You will save 35 percent compared to buying in any store . Great item . I recommend this item to anyone . Great buy !
 These filters arrived promptly in the mail and fit and performed perfectly in the refrigerator and at a significant savings from purchasing them at one of the local big box stores .
 We have a Kenmore side-by-side refrigerator that uses this style of filter . For years , I 'd been buying the replacement filters at Sears , but the last time around , Sears was asking over $ 40 each which just seemed too high . I decided to take advantage of my Amazon Prime membership , and two days later , I had my new filter at a substantial savings over what I had been paying . It 's from Whirlpool , who makes the Kenmore refrigerator we have , and as expected the filter fit perfectly and has been performing as-expected from the day I installed it . I will definitely buy my next replacement via Amazon .
 This item is a Great price . I Received it quickly . Will buy again from this site . It fits my fridge well and easy to install .
 Ca n't beat the price . I have one installed now and it is doing fine . Big savings compared to the local home improvement centers . Best of all it 's delivered right to your door .
 Product arrived very fast , exactly as advertised.i will be doing business with this company the next time I need a filter .
 You ca n't beat the subscribe and save price of less than $ 23 a filter ... shipped . It 's cheaper to get one at a time shipped to you than it is to buy the larger packs . Also , these filters are about $ 35 + if you buy in the local store . Finally , I have to mention that the previous Whirlpool filters I bought said Whirlpool and Kitchenaid on them and this one has Whirlpool and PUR written on the front.I recall from Consumer Reports ' reviews in the past the PUR water filters were rated the best . The water in my Kenmore refrigerator was starting to taste a bit `` musty '' with my previous Whirlpool / Kitchenaid filter , but after I put this in and ran about 10 glasses of water through the front door -LRB- do this in order to `` rinse '' the charcoal in the filter out -RRB- ... the water now tastes excellent .
 Exactly what we ordered . Came earlier than was estimated . Great service and the price was a substantial savings over store price . Thanks
 This filter is great . It really gives you such clean filtered water . The price on Amazon is really nice . Quite a bit less than what they get at the home improvement stores and the big box stores . You wo n't go wrong ordering this .
 ORIGINAL REFRIGERATOR FILTERS FOR A LOW PRICE , IS GREAT . EASY TO INSTALL , AND A GREAT QUALITY ITEM . I WOULD RECOMMENT THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE THAT NEEDS A NEW FILTER .
 No residual carbon or anything else from this filter . Installation was as the directions said . Its not hard , but can be tricky .
 Fridge came with our newly purchased house , and the old one needs replacement as the indicator said , so we never used the water and ice from the fridge . Just ordered one of this to replace our old filter , and after proper flushing -LRB- let dispenser run though 4 gallons of water -RRB- the water tastes fresh and cold , awesome.Haven ' t tried the ice yet , but supposedly the ice needs to go though 3 full batch of production before usable , so we 'll see.For people 's water that tastes funny after fresh filter installation , flush longer , the funny taste is from the active carbon and it wo n't kill u , just bad taste .
 Yep , it does exactly what it is supposed to do . Provides crisp clean water that tastes , like water . Plus it is a great savings to buy in the 3 pack bulk .
 This filter fits and seals perfectly . Changing it is fairly easy . Be sure to have a pitcher ready to flush the system after the change until the air is out of the system .
 The filter meets the description and works as it should . No need to visit the home improvement stores any longer .
 We needed refills for our refrigerator and used to buy them locally . We tried to go that route with unhelpful customer service so we went to the internet for help . These were very reasonably priced and arrivedquickly . Just exactly what we needed and we will purchase from Amazon from now on .
 This is a good -LRB- ready quality product , trying to take out the hyperbole here -RRB- . Replaced my old filter , water tastes good , and I have ordered the 6 month subscription to keeps things simple . I did not see any price advantage of the 3 pack -LRB- however I used to buy the 3 pack , because it was cheaper -RRB- . I get one each 6 months , and that will remind be to replace.Tip for those who dont know this - pull off the front lower grill on your fridge to make it vastly easier to grip and twist the old filter out . I found that it made it a good time to clean out the dust bunnies , gross , and they hamper the effeciency of your fridge . I also find it easier to reinstall if the fridge doors are open , you can see the clips that the grill snaps into , much easier.Good filtering.I typically rate 4 stars for quality products , reserving 5 stars from outstanding products . This is very good , and easliy recommended .
 Correct replacement part for Whirlpool refrigerators . Not much more to say , it 's the factory replacement part , works good , easy to install .
 This is the exact filter our refrigerator came with , at a fraction of the price of appliance stores . Sometimes you have to use pliers if the old filter does n't turn easily . Just protect the plastic cover with an old rag so the pliers do n't damage the plastic on the refrigerator and twist counterclockwise . Be sure to run a gallon or so through a pitcher before drinking and put the clear reminder sticker inside the door so you will know when it is time to change the filter again .
 Ca n't really say much as it is a filter for a fridge . Very easy to install and seems to work great . Other than that what can you say .
 Price was great . I received the package in a week . I would n't that price anywhere else . It was easy to shop on the phone . No driving around .
 I got the product I wanted at a much cheaper price than the stores . Works great and will order it again .
 This was an exact OEM filter and was substantially cheaper than KitchenAid . I 'll definitely use this site again when reordering .
 I love these filters.the flow rate could be a little better but the water tastes great . I 'll continue using them .
 The product was correct and shipping was fast.I removed the handle from the old unit and slidit right on the new filter . Installation was a breeze .
 Much easier to buy this filter online than trying to find in a store.Works well and price is good
 These work as designed . OEM . I just wish there was a bypass for the entire filtration system . I do n't need to filter the water at all , however , I do n't want to just run the water through an aged filter for fear of growing bacteria inside . There is no option to bypass the filter and avoid the significant ongoing expense of these filters . Whirlpool should address this . They are making more on the filters than they are on the refrigerator . Perhaps they could give away the refrigerators just to sell the filters !!
 Absolutely perfect fit . Some have reported problems , but following simple directions works well . Takes a bit of flushing before water comes out clear , but no more than I 've experienced with other similar filters .
 Unlike other reviewers ' experiences , the product I received was a genuine Whirlpool product that uses the Pur filtration system , not a generic 3rd party filter . For reference , my order date was 8/21/11 . Replacing the filter in my refrigerator was simple and took less than a minute .
 Received in a timely manner and works as advertised ! Buying on Amazon is much cheaper than getting locally for me by about $ 10 !
 After reading other reviews I was concerned if I 'd get the brand of filter I wanted . I got the Whirlpool PUR filter that I 've always bought at the local applicance store -- and at a better price . I 'm glad I found Amazon as a source for these filter replacements !
 I am very happy with the quality of this product and the promptness of this transaction . I would recommend this buyer to everybody .
 I have a Whirlpool Ref . This PUR product fits just like the original . Do n't spend $ 43 at L or HD . Get on the 6 month plan & save $ . God knows , when we find something good , pass the info on ! Thank You !
 The filters are needed about every 6 months . Every time I order and get them and have to install them I dread it . They are sooooo hard to turn into place . This time I gave up early and got a pair of pliers and used that to turn them into place . Thank goodness it worked .
 The filters I ordered met the specification I requested . What more can you ask of a filter order . Minimal effort with expected results at a fair price .
 There are a couple of reviews for this product from October 2010 which state that a generic item was received instead of a Whirlpool-brand filter . I was concerned by these reviews and called Amazon to confirm this item before placing my order . Yesterday the filter arrived and it is * not * a generic brand . The filter I received is from Whirlpool , as advertised.The filter works perfectly . Water flows smoothly and tastes good . Just make sure to follow the instructions and run about 3 gallons through the filter before drinking water from it -LRB- this is common for all filters -RRB- .
 It 's next to impossible to find this water filter in the stores , so it was great being able to order it on Amazon.Installation is easy ... unscrew the handle holding the old filter in place -LRB- I had to use pliers -RRB- , swap the handle , insert the new filter and screw in tightly . Water tastes great .
 Sinple way to find proper filter replacement unit . Saved money , driving time and gas to get the right filters for the refrigerator . Product was delivered on time and packaged properly .
 Why did n't I think about it earlier ? That was my thought process when I ordered this and when I was replacing my used one . I was a little skeptical when I ordered this 'cause I used to pay almost same price for one when I used to buy it from my local Sears store . Here I got pack of two for the same price . I could have saved so much money over the years ! oh well !! It looks genuine and I trust Amazon for most part . So far it 's working as it should be .
 I was concerned after reading some of the `` 1 star '' reviews that claimed they received generic filters . My filters arrived and they are the regular name brand filters that were advertised . Great price , delivered as promised , and the name brand filters I wanted .
 These are the exact same filtering specs as the ones at Sears for a fraction of the cost . Going to use these from now on .
 The listing had all the informaiton I needed to assure me I was ordering the correct product.It came securely packaged and in a timely manner.It was exactly what I hoped it would be and it fit perfectly .
 Have now ordered twice the 2 pack Whirlpool water filter refills ; prompt free shipping and the Amazon price beatslocal retail by over $ 15.00 , with no sales tax , to say nothing of the convenience of not having to drive to the salesshop .
 This was so easy to install that I 'm ashamed to admit I never changed the water filter because I thought it would be hard to do . I think the entire install time from removing the old filter and putting in the new filter was less than a minute . I wo n't procrastinate again . And one more thing - I considered buying an off brand because it was a little cheaper but after reading the reviews on the off brand -LRB- mainly water leaks -RRB- decided to go with the recommended Whirlpool filter . The price for the Whirlpool filter was only $ 4 higher and when you consider the damage water leaks can cause it 's a small price to pay .
 This is a good deal on water filters for our Maytag price wise and quality . Have shopped around for several years and always at a higher price . Very satisfied .
 While this filter does all that is expected -LRB- fits in the bottom of the fridge and filters the water -RRB- , the best part is that this is available by subscription . This means that it costs less and it will arrive at regular intervals to help me remember to replace it .
 How can it get any easier ? Unless amazon starts installing the filters too ! You can have a new filter shipped on schedual and pay what the other guys are charging for a generic brand -LRB- Or buy three at a time and pay slightly less per unit . -LRB- I have prime so buying three would save me $ 0.26 each . Not worth it to hold on to two more filters for a year -RRB- -RRB- A +
 This product is the factory product , and will in fact keep your water clean . I change mine with the change/light comes on ... approx . 9 months .
 This is more convenient and a better price than buying in the store.Works perfectly for my refrigerator.Shipped in a timely manner . I will always buy online from now on !
 As long as you purchase the Whirlpool brand , they will work perfect in your Whirlpool refrigerator . I have found that every time I need to buy filters , I always check prices on the internet , as I have found large variances in prices , and have ordered from different suppliers to obtain the best deal .
 I read reviews from others that said this was n't a factory replacement and therefore no good . It says Whirlpool on the one I received . Looks identical . Fit perfectly . Water comes out fine and looking and smelling as good as ever.i saved more than 10 bucks getting this one . Six months later , I ordered directly from Whirlpool 's official website to compare . It was EXACTLY the same filter except I spent more . I will order these from Amazon moving forward .
 This is an effective product that makes drinking water easily accessible and affordable . We both are drinking more water because of this product . Also , this model is rarely available in retail stores . Highly recommended .
 I normally purchase this filter locally at best buy , but thought I would try the internet . Saved about $ 13 . The product was exactly as advertised . Very happy , will do again .
 Was paying $ 43.44 for this product at the local Best Buy . Saved $ 18.00 by purchasing the very same product online . To me , that says it all .
 The price for these refills is very good ; exactly what my KitchenAide refrigerator needed . With free shipping , you ca n't beat it !
 Best price on the web and got here fast ! Lasts a while . I will be buying these all the time now !
 I priced out a one pack of the Whirlpool 4396508 KitchenAid Side-by-Side Refrigerator , Quarter Turn Water Filter , Non-Cyst from amazon and , if memory serves me correctly it was about $ 17 . At the last minute I chose the 3 pack option from the drop down `` Size Name : '' box and submitted the order w/o checking the price of the item . Instead of the $ 51ish price -LRB- 3x17 -RRB- I expected it was $ 75ish . I know , I know , `` Buyer beware '' and all that stuff , and I do take responsibility for not noticing the price difference ; all want to do is caution others to check the final price before purchasing .
 what can i say . it is a water filter made to fit my frige . it workd well because of that fact
 I installed a prefilter in my water supply line to help this out and man the ice maker is nearly clear cubes and the water maker runs faster with a stronger stream now . This filter alone , removes the nasty chlorine taste and smell and polishes the water so it has a nice mouth-feel . Pair it with a prefilter and you wont believe how nice the water can be .
 The refrigerator water filter works just fine . We like being able toget them online rather than going shopping for them .
 Saved a ton of money over the genuine article . It got here so quickly , and fit perfectly ! Easy to install !
 While it effectively filters the water , leaving it tasting great . However I 'm certain the flow is slower than some I 've used . It 's a small problem but for someone who wants instant results , I wish the water filtered more quickly .
 The product was exactly what we needed , and a better price than in the stores . This product is sometimes hard to find .
 It is the ` real ' deal . I naively thought that the senor light in my fridge could actually tell when the filter was used up and I guess that 's what the maker wanted me to think . But , NO , it is only a timer . It counts down one year and then tells you it 's time to BUY a new one . Well , truly that depends on your usage . How can you really tell ? I 'm not sure , but I left mine in for almost two years this time and I was just beginning to wonder if maybe it was n't quite doing it 's job anymore so I ordered this and changed it . If yours is a family of six or eight , you might actually need to replace it sooner . Who knows ?
 It 's working , even though I ca n't see it . I 'm sure I 'll order another when it 's time . I have another -LRB- cheaper -RRB- filter installed before it .
 quick shipping and the correct item arrived . I would order again from this seller.At first I was concerned when the filter said `` 4396508P '' and it did n't go in as easy as I expected . Searched around a bit and found that this model is the same filter as `` 4396509 '' which I was replacing .
 Although I believe in supporting my local businesses , I felt $ 50 + for a water filter was a bit steep . I was able to purchase the same filter online for $ 29.99 + shipping.I received it within a week and it works great !
 This is the exact filter for our fridge . If it 's yours , the product is exactly what you need .
 Great service -- saved me from running all over town . Whirlpool on line was out-of-stock at the time . Thanks for offering product .
 I almost bought this exact filter from these vendors , but I 'm glad I did n't make that mistake . First of all , the package does not weight 20 pounds - it weighs a couple of pounds at the most -LRB- I am holding it right now -RRB- . So the shipping is a joke and just a way to get more money out of you . The price would be good if it was n't for the shipping , but check your neighborhood Home Depot or Lowes first . I bought mine tonight from Conn 's appliance store . I did n't pay over 35.00 , tax and all . At this time , I think there is one vendor who is giving a good price , but again , I disagree with the shipping charges . Maybe there is some reason they want the shipping that high , but the product information noting it to be 20 pounds is very misleading , and reputable vendors should correct that mistake .
 There is nothing like dealing with people who do as they say they will . I placed my order , it was shipped promptly and I am completely satisfied . If you want good service use this vendor
 The order was delivered promptly , even before the date suggested in the order . The product matches all specifications
 This is the second time I 've ordered and will definitely do it again . Beats the Big Box store price.Our refrigerator has a light for monitoring filter use . When it turns red it 's supposedly time to replace the filter . My repairman said it is not necessary to replace each time . He suggested that when it turns to red , re-set it once , which I have done several times in the past , and the water tasted just fine . Cuts the cost in half which is great in these economic times .
 We have used this filter in our KitchenAid Side-by-Side for several years . There are less expensive alternatives on the market , but we have been satisfied with the performance of the OEM filter . Although it is a bit pricey , buying in bulk offers some cost savings . Not much more say ... it 's a pricey filter and it works .
 A water filter like this one is so easy anyone can do it . The design allows even the mechanically challenged to succeed at replacing this filter . The filter it self is well charcoal in a plastic bottle not much can go wrong with that unless the coconuts shells that are burned to make the charcoal are not burned enough . Now that is some interesting information that you would not expect to find in a review .
 bought 2 cases over a couple years as needed . Work great in my fridge
 This water filter fits right in my refrigerator and filters both the water and ice . The water is equal to or better than the leading bottled water . However , buy 1 water bottle and save lots of money ! Amazon also had the best price beating both the filter manufacturer -LRB- Our -RRB- as well as the maker of my fridge -LRB- Whirlpool . -RRB-
 I used to buy these filters in the store , then I had to order them . I found different prices and quality from many places but now the choices are fewer unless you do n't care about the quality . This is my first order through Amazon but as long as they keep selling the filters I 'll keep coming back . Just wish the price did n't have to go up .
 An fairly expensive way to filter water but filters ice in my fridge so worth it . No complaints .
 Other then the price of these things it does what It 's supposed to do . We usually reset the light on our refrigerator once before replacing the filter but this last time I think we did it 4 times or so . After installing this filter I was amazed at the taste compared to the used filter we had . We did n't really notice how bad the water coming from our fridge was until after I installed this filter . Safe to say we wo n't be resetting the light on our fridge that many times again.ProsTasteease of installshipping timeConsPricewaste after It 's used
 Amazon seems to have the best pricing on these filters . I just wish they were cheaper ! Definitely notice the taste difference without these filters , so I do plan to continue to use them .
 This was the best value I could find on the internet . Too bad there is n't a generic filter . The price is still high .
 fast review , the product just works , water came clean and smooth the lifecycle is around 6 months before change , so the 2 pack is the way to go 2 pack is sufficient for the whole year .
 The Whirlpol Refrigerator Water Filter is a must and it saves money by not having to purchase bottled water .
 I purchase this almost every time I need.Saves you hassel of goin to store and then looking for compatible filter and so on.Also I found amazon price to be reasonable . -LRB- I would not call it a great deal though -RRB- . Item works wel as expected . Have ordered this number of times now from amazon .
 I tried a non-OEM brand and it made my fridge leak . Stick with the OEM brand . Price was good through Amazon and ca n't beat supersaver shipping !
 Ordered and received within a few days , good instructions for installation . Overall no problems , beats driving around town searching for the right filters .
 This is a great water filter at a great price delivered right to my door .
 I was able to purchase the item with out any difficulty . The price of the item was extremely reasonable and item was also received within a reasonable time .
 Not a whole lot to say about a filter . It fits , it works and the delivery was very good.Great transaction .
 Great price -LRB- less expensive than Sears or Home Depot -RRB- and it 's the same filter !!! I paid less and shipping was free or minimal -LRB- ca n't remember -RRB- ... . but I will re-order again from this on-line retailer when I need another one . I saved + $ 10.00 buying on-line versus one of the local retailers selling the same item .
 After paying $ 40 for 1 filter at Sears , I decided to try these . They work better and are cheaper . The water quality , taste and clearity are great , refreshing and crisp .
 It is a massed produced water filter that should be in the $ 5 to $ 10 range . This company should be praised for selling the name brand filter cheaper than other companies but I would have liked to buy more than one at this price . We , consumers , need to put pressure on manufacturers and retailers to sell lower at a higher quality . I am a free market economist . This was a good start .
 After finding my coffee water filters on Amazon , I thought , hmmm ... I wonder if they carry my refrigerator filters ? And they do and what a great price ! I saved over $ 10 a filter by shopping on Amazon . The shipping was free with the Super Saver and I received my filters very quickly . I love the convenience of the two pack . When I use that second filter , I know to place an order for my next pack . I 'm looking at Amazon in a whole new way - not just books and toys !
 I took out by old water filter and replaced with this new one . As simple as 1-2-3 .
 These filters are good . The water pressure is hardly affected when the filter is installed , until you need to actually change the filter . One minor problem is in the instructions for changing the filter . The instructions state to turn the existing filter counter-clockwise 1/4 turn . However , with my particular refrigerator -LRB- Whirlpool ED5RHAXNT00 -RRB- , I had to turn the existing filter clockwise to remove it .
 Product arrived as seen on Amazon . As usual , Amazon delivered what was shown for the price shown . No complaints and the filter fit perfectly on the bottom left of the refrigerator . Make sure to drain about 2 gallons of water intially after installed .
 Had no choice - former maker ended product line.It looks like a perfect and less expensive option .
 The filters were easy to install and do exactly what they are suppose to do ... filter water . I have no complaints .
 Exactly what I have bought at other stores for 20 dollars less . Came in 2 days even tho it had said a week . great deal !
 I decided to go with the brand of filter that I originally removed because OEM parts always seem to fit and work better than the generics . This one does its job with no fuss so I will buy it again .
 Filter seems to work well . I have used this filter in the past and will more than likely order it again .
 Great price I pay more for one at my local store . Got 2 for less than the price of one .
 This is a good water filter -- it does n't leak , keeps my water tasting fresh for 6 months , and is reasonably priced . With Amazon subscribe and save , I do n't even have to remember to order it ! Every 6 months , a new one shows up at my door , and for my fridge model , takes about a minute to install . No complaints .
 Great filter . This is the name brand filter-made by PUR for Whirlpool . It is not a cheap generic imitation . Great price-can ' t even compare to the $ 44 price that Best Buy charges for the exact same filter !
 The product works well with my Whirlpool fridge and saved me around $ 40 if I was to buy it directly from the manufacturer.I have well water and the prior homeowners waited way to long to change their filter , so all ice cubes would leave cloudy drinks and we would n't even dare drink the water . But once the new filter was put in , the ice and water are both clear .
 No problems . Exactly what I needed to get CLEAN water from my refrigerator . The item came in great condition , on time , with absolutely no problems .
 The price was good compared to buying from local stores like Lowes . It arrived fast and was easy to install . Working great so far .
 They fit my model and works great ! This is my second order of this product . Very happy with the decision .
 This filter came quickly and is exactly as described . I used in a KitchenAide side by side with bottom mounted filter . This is a very good price compared to buying in stores or elsewhere on the web .
 Best filter replacement for my refrigerator . I have tried generic brands and there was too much carbon and the taste of the water and ice was bad . This filter makes water taste clean and refreshing . Will purchase it again when needed .
 I liked the product !! It was new and i bought it at a great price ... i dnt like to pay for shipping tho : /
 I bought these as replacements for my Whirlpool refridgerator . They fit in without any issues and they work well . I make sure to use the water in the fridge because we have over-chlorinated water . I can not taste it when ran through these filters .
 What can you say about water filters ? They work like they are supposed to . Price was better than at local stores .
 Perfect part for my fridge . Factory replacement part for about 2/3 or even 1/2 of the price at other places . I do n't replace every 6 months like they want you to , I only replace when the ice or water starts to taste like it is coming out of the tap -LRB- about every 10 months -RRB- .
 I love that this automatically ships to me right when I need it . Very good compared to some of the filters I have used.I highly recommend this filter .
 Since we have no idea how it works or what it does , we have to rely on taste . Water does taste better with the filter than from the tap . It was easy to install once you figure out the way to turn it.Be prepared for some spit back of water at first .
 I went to Best Buy to replace my filter and could n't stomach spending $ 50 for one filter . This is the same filter but for a whole lot less . Works as it 's supposed to and is a genuine Whirlpool product . I 'll be buying my filters from Amazon from now on .
 The quality is good solid plastic . But why charging so much for some charcoal?Production cost must be about one dollar ! By the way you do n't need to change itwhen the refrigerator light goes on . This is just a timer . Even if you never useany water it would light up . Follow your taste buds . If the water from the refrigeratortaste the same as your normal chlorine faucet water it 's time to change it !!!
 These filters work great . Pricing was in line or cheaper than competitors . This products meets all of my expectations so five stars .
 After checking with Lowe 's for a filter I found this one on the internet . I am glad I went this route saving alot of money .
 Not surprisingly , order arrived quick & price was about $ 10 below local store.Thanks again for a great transaction !
 I have to buy this filter type for my fridge . This is the cheapest price I could find .
 These were just as advertised and were the correct part . Also were the best price I could find anywhere .
 I have ordered this product several times now , and it is a 100 % match -LRB- same product , same manufacturer -RRB- with what is available locally , only about 40 % cheaper via Amazon . Well worth the purchase .
 I found video guide from youtube and I followed it.the install was sooooo ~ easy.fridge works great.After changing the filter , the water has air for first a few times but now OK.I think I did good purchase .
 I am very pleased with the product , as it matches the perfect cross reference to what I was needing for my Frigidaire refrigerator . The price was competitive , and shipped within a very timely manner .
 Same exact filters as sold by Whirlpool but much cheaper - - - How can you beat that ? And they arrived just a few days after order placement .
 The filter is a perfect replacement to the water filter on my refrigerator . It inserts and removes without a problem .
 The NSF standard provides a protocol for testing-NOT a list of required chemicals . The manufacturer decides which of the potential chemicals to have tested . The NSF certification is only for what the manufacturer claims NOT all chemicals that could have been tested under the standard . Two filters could be very different but both be NSF standard 53 certified . One was tested on 50 chemicals under the standard while another was tested for 5 under the standard.From the site
 Sears wanted almost twice the price for the same filter - I have a Kenmore refrigerator & it took a little research to make sure it fit . Also throw in free shipping . Thanks for the great value .
 Price was good , shipping time was fair , in reality not much to say , overall a pleasant experience . Just as the first time I 've ordered it .
 Very Good Shop . Because is very well can to buy spare parts to Freezer in kit 's of two or three parts , and the price is excellent too .
 Exact filter replacement . Quick Shipping . Easy replacement.Refrigerator water filter retains beneficial fluoride in water while reducing chlorine taste and odorReduces particulates -LRB- Class II -RRB- , lead , mercuryFor use in Whirlpool , KitchenAid , and Maytag side-by-side refrigerators with filter access in the base grilleSimply turn the refrigerator water filter 1/4 turn to remove and replaceReplace every 6 months to ensure clean , safe drinking water
 Googled a search and decided on this deal . Easy to order . Came within 5 days . Fit my product . Works great . Would recommend to others .
 We have a 42 '' Kitchenaid Refrigerator with an ice and water dispenser . It was installed in the home we just purchased and we noticed the water was just trickeling out , so we ordered a 2-pack water filter from Amazon . It arrived very quickly , and after we installed it , the water flowed rapidly and smoothly . The ice and water taste fantastic . I would highly recommend the filter , and having a spare on hand .
 Yes . Item as described and it is really easy to replace . Much cheaper than other sellers . Absolutely recommended . You can find the exactly replace item at Whirlpool web site .
 While not top of the line , the city water that I have is pretty decent already . With filtration , the ice and water from the fridge tastes good , which means it does n't have any funny tastes at all . I like to right the month I changed it on the end rather than using the fridge timer .
 Just replaced my really old filter with this one and I am happy . It will not rock your world if you already had a filter but you will notice a pretty large difference if you did n't have one . I live where the water typically taste very chlorinated and this helps a ton . I am on a 6-month subscribe and save !
 Filter is fine but water seems to have taste . Maybe because have n't run that much water through it . We have reverse osmosis system at sink that I drink more water from .
 I bought this for my Kenmore Coldspot Model # 59582990 refrigerator . It fits and works well . The prices for these filters vary quite a bit . Suggest you look at what they are designed to filter and select on what is important to you . Your water supplier should be providing or can provide a report of their analysis of your drinking water and you can see what contaminants may be of concern to you .
 Needed a water filter for my refrigerator . Works great and the cost is a lot better than the local stores .
 These can be somewhat difficult-to-find water filters . They arrived right on schedule . This purchasing process was extremely easy and efficient .
 These are the same replacement products I 've been purchasing in our big box home repair stores at a much better price .
 Does the job , followed directions , althou it took quite awhile to get all the air out of the system , this was not the filters fault thou .
 The price was great . Shipping was fast . Product works and fits just as advertised . Will purchase again as the price is the attractive part of this purchase . Part fits and works exactly as expected .
 What can I say , once I figured out how to put it in the refrigerator it was a cinch to screw in and enjoy . Water is tasteless and odorless , the way it should be . Great bargain too ...
 These refrigerator filters work as advertised . I have no complaints since they do what they are designed for . I recommend them .
 This is the third time I have made this same purchase and all have been great , that 's why I continue to purchase this filter . No issues or complaints .
 The item arrived on time and , so far , has worked well . It would have been better to have clearer installation instructions .
 Could n't find this at the local home renovation stores , but of course , Amazon had it . Never has anything been so easy to install . I went nearly 10 years before changing the filter , now I will change it every 6 months at least .
 It 's always nice to spend less than the cost at H.H.Gregg . The product is the same and at a much lower cost .
 I need a new one now ! The price was almost half of what Home Depot was asking . It worked fine . I will be ordering another one soon .
 These genuine Whirlpool filters work like a charm -- I have been buying them from Amazon and using them for years . My refrigerator water and ice both taste good , thanks to these filters . The only thing I dread is that they are a little difficult to remove and replace -LRB- this is due to my refrigerator design , not the filters ' fault -RRB- . I will continue to purchase these for as long as I need this type of filter.P.S . -- do the math . More is not always better . During the time of this writing , the 2-pack was a better deal than the 1-pack , but the 3-pack was NOT as good a deal as the 2-pack . P.P.S. -- the light on your refrigerator that tells you it is time to change the filter is almost always a timer -- not a sensor . Depending on your usage , a water filter could last you a lot longer , or a lot shorter , than when the light changes .
 I have found these to be the best replacement for my refrigerator and I just order them one at a time as I will probably replace my fridge in the near future . They last for better than 6 months for family of 3 and water tastes great .
 It 's a water filter . It was easy to install , but I have no idea if it actually does a proper job of removing contaminants . I would recommend this item to those that feel a new filter is necessary to help keep their drinking water free of impurities .
 As described . I Installed it in seconds . The package recommends to replace this every six months . I 've had mine for approximately 18 months and it was starting to affect the water pressure wchich also affects the ice maker . I was shocked at the difference in weight when compared to the new one . The filter was obiviously doing it 's job .
 Just like the one I have been buying at the big box store for half the price ! Signed up for auto ship .
 The filter fits my Kitchen Aid fridge just right , no problems at all with installation , no leaks , saved money over the local appliance parts dealer .
 The filter seems to work well with my model refrigerator but there 's one minor flaw that may be due to the product but may just be error on my part . Each time I change the filter -LRB- once every six months or so -RRB- , I run the water dispenser to prime the flow like the instructions say . Then , when I remove my cup from the trigger that starts and stops the flow , the flow gets stuck on and keeps shooting water out even though the trigger is no longer pressed . It eventually sputters out once the air bubbles in the line have flowed through , but the minor annoyance -LRB- again , possibly my own fault -RRB- keeps the product from getting five stars .
 This is best quality of filter than a generic type always go with OEM parts for your fridge it will thank you in the long run.I would recommend this product to anybody looking for OEM filter for their fridge
 package arived a day ahead of time , It took only a few minutes to remove the old one , put in the new one and run 3 gallons of water through it . After that ... all was good and momma was happy which makes papa happy : - -RRB-
 I purchased the twin-pack and still paid less than I would have for one at my local home improvement store . It 's the exact same product .
 works perfectly , water tastes great , easy and quick to install . husband said all he had to do was take some cover off , slip the old one out , slip the new one in , it was that easy .
 I chose this product because it is made for our refrigerator . By signing up for the regular delivery every 6 months , the filter will stay fresh , and be able to do what it 's supposed to do .
 It 's hard to beat the price that Amazon has on these filters . Work exceptionally well in purifying our drinking water and last for a year . I buy the two pack to get two years under my belt before needing to purchase again . A great value for sure .
 This is an excellent Whirlpool product.I properly replace it every 6 month and my refrigerator is working better than ever . Thanks for make the shipping on time .
 This product is great and we have re-ordered it twice and have been satisfied both times . Best priced out there .
 This refrigerator filter works very well . We bought a house and one of the first things we did was to replace the filter . The water and ice taste much better and the water flow increased . It is very easy to replace every 6 months .
 I searched everywhere for this filter -LRB- store location , whirlpool website , etc. -RRB- and either could n't find it , or it cost more . The delivery was quick and a great price . I know where I 'll be re-ordering in 6 mo. .
 Whirlpool makes this a readily available item . It is easy to replace and I have n't had any problmes . I have had to only replace it 3 times since I have owned it so the filter seems long lasting .
 i use to go to sears to buy my filters but they are sooooo much cheaper from here the identacil same product
 Unfortunately let the old filter expire without replacements ready . Went a month or two unfiltered . Water was horrible . After installing the filter and running the air out of the lines , water is 100 % better now . Could n't be happier .
 I PAID $ 45 FOR ONE AT HOME DEPOT UNTIL I THOUGHT ABOUT GETTING IT ONLINE . THIS IS THE IDENTICAL PRODUCT YOU WOULD GET FROM THE MANUFACTURER .
 It 's not like it works fantastically , was cheap , or did anything great , however . You 'd be hard pressed to beat it but that still does n't make it a necessarily satisfying purchase .
 Really - what can be said about a water filter ? It works , simple as that .
 I 'm happy with the service.The delivery was good , eventhough I picked the cheap route . -LRB- Maybe even faster delivery in the future . -RRB- I wo n't hesitate to buy from FiltersFast again.Keep up the good work !
 Big issue is actually getting to the service tray , that has been designed to catch water overflowHowever the tray dedsigned to catch excess water was wrongly located -LRB- stops located on the frame to retain tray -RRB- and the water source was not positioned correctly snd the excess water splled on the floor , making s dreadful spot and soaking the carpet , snd such nice csrpet it was-It appeares the provided overflow pan is toooo short , making it uncapable of storing this water in the-Tray was retained by brackets that interferred with placementof tray in a servaceable mannerTray location not enginnered properly , not located properly , and instructions sketchy left the Owner installer , not an hydro engineer , no surer of the location of the drip tray which caused much water to saturated the carpet in the hall way-Such s mess and such a smell when finished-Currently , after the aftermath , carpet smells musty but the good news is there is ice for my drinks-and the installation was fairly simple-Cost without delivery charge would have been fair - -LRB- see it is all about the money -RRB- Best part is no rubber boots in ther house anymore And that constant buzz in my ear for my wife 's concern about my plumbing abilities-Just plumbing not all those buzzing about oyher inadequaciesI think i will leave homesam passmoreThere 's your review , Ihope it is used-took me ten minutes to write and I could have stayed silent-show me how this type response helps-your company in the little picture SamG Passmore 282 Brthany Ct. . Inman , SC
 These cartriges are perfect for Sears Kenmore side by side refrigerator model # 10653754201 . In Kenmore Use and Care Guide the product order part number is 9902 . My experience ordering through Sears , however , was that it cost more and delivery took longer .
 About the only decision is cyst or non cyst . Read your local water report for your city . Most of the time a cyst filter is not needed . But an inline water filter with carbon to take out any odd tastes is nice , plus the ice is much cleaner and clearer . The next real decision is do I purchase one or two or even more at a time . I would recommend one on the first purchase , then in larger numbers in the future . Warning ... there is several other types of water filters used in refrigerators ... this is a quarter turn type . You can take what ever water filter out of most refrigerators and they will continue to operate ... so do a little check to determine what kind you have based on what you did to remove/replace and any lables on the current filter.Take off the bottom trim . Turn the filter a quarter turn to the left . Then replace with the new filter turn to the right . Next run a little bit of water through the filter to confirm that the bottom fitting is sealed corrctly . If no water is present then install the bottom trim . The next steps are up to you and how long it has been since the last water filter replacement . Lets say it has been a while -LRB- over 6 months or even a year ago -RRB- . Make this replacement after dinner . Empty the ice from the refrigerator . Next after you have made the filter replacement , run two to four liters of water through the door system . Let the ice maker run . Empty the next load of ice . In the morning the ice should be much clearer and cleaner . But it might take a few additional ice batches for a lot of improvement in the ice.Enjoy and kick back . Pour yourself a glass of ice water and think about the savings you just have made . Lower costs of the filters online and no service call . You might even wish for an adult beverage at this time .
 Not sure if I could have bought this item cheaper elsewhere , but I could n't find it at my local Home Depot , so I found it on Amazon and ordered it . I received it in about 3 or 4 days using the standard shipping , which was a lot faster than the expected 7-10 days . Works fine . Easy to install .
 Amazon makes it easy to replace these filters that are easy to forget when you are at Home Depot or any home store . The filters are easy to order , takes a couple of days to receive , no sales tax , free shipping , much cheaper , and no gasoline used or crowds to deal with . My water and ice taste great . Since I got my side by side ten years ago , I drink nothing but water and love the taste of good , clean water with all the chemicals and harmful junk filtered out . These filters are easy to install and ease my mind when I think of all the crap that is in the tap water . It is scary what is acceptable as far as water quality standards . I certainly do not want my family drinking unfiltered water . Anyway , got off on a tangent , but bottom line is I highly recommend this filter and the ease of obtaining them .
 I normally buy these filters at my local Sears service center . When I paid $ 39.99 for 1 filter recently , I decided to check online for a better deal . This 2 pack is great and with Amazon 's free shipping and no sales tax , it ca n't be beat .
 I 've been buying this filter for a few years for my KitchenAid fridge . Unfortunately at other retailers , this filter can get quite expensive . But now I will only be purchasing this from Amazon given their great price and fast shipping . The filter does what it 's supposed to do and it does last for the full 6 months that is recommended . This filter also consistently makes my ordinary tap water , and ice , taste significantly better.Highly recommend this filter . And as always , great packaging and fast shipping from Amazon .
 This is a great deal and good filter . I have buying this filter for years and always get 6 months out of it .
 I bought essentially two for the price of one . The local vendors in Austin wanted as much if not more than the price I paid for two filters from Amazon . I was really shocked when I found the price difference . Outside the price the water filter itself is a great filter and you can tell the difference in the water quality .
 These filters arrived very quickly & the price was much cheaper than anything I could find locally.I 'm very satisfied & will buy more of them when I need filters for my Whirlpool refrigerator .
 Superb price and the exact item needed . The packaging and even the order number for the water filter has changed repeatedly over the years since I purchased my KitchenAid Side-by-Side refrigerator in , roughly , 2003 . And the price , of course , keeps going up for these filters . Thus , I took a chance on ordering through Amazon and discovered , to my delight , that the same price that would purchase only two water filters at Sears , purchased THREE at Amazon . It was the exact item needed at a considerable savings!FORMER ORDER NUMBER
 The product arrived quickly . The price was the lowest around . The packaging was the only thing that was questionable . It made me wonder where they got the filter ? Other than that , it has performed fine and the water quality seems to be as good as the factory filter that came with the fridge .
 This is a good product and not overpriced . I get great service with Amazon.comWhirlpool 4396508P KitchenAid Side-by-Side Refrigerator , Quarter Turn Water Filter , Non-Cyst , 2-Pack
 Was exactly what I was looking for and $ 15 cheaper then at the Sears store I 've been buying at for the last 9 years !
 First time ordering filter online ... came very quickly and exactly as described . Easy to install and works perfectly . The price , ease of ordering and installing have me sold to continue with this product via online .
 This product was exactly as advertised , no monkey business -LRB- as implied in other reviews here -RRB- . First quality , OEM parts . Shipped fast and water tastes great .
 The Whirlpool water filters arrived within a few days of order . The price was fair and they work as promised . No complaints .
 Used these for many years . Seems to filter water like it should . Not a lot you can say about what is essentially a manufacturer 's exclusive product .
 Using Maytag 's site I ordered the part they said and it is not what I needed . Have returned these for a refund and reordered the correct ones .
 I found this filter for a lower price on amazon . It arrived really quickly -LRB- 2 days -RRB- and was easy to install.I 'm not sure if it makes the water taste different but overall it tastes pretty good .
 Amazon did a great job ... lower price ... did not have to waste gas going to purchase it elsewhere ... what else can I say ??? I 'm happy ... I have been purchasing the Whirlpool Water Filter for at least 7 years . It is easy to install and does a very good job ! Will definitely purchase it again through Amazon.com .
 Its a water filter , water tastes fine/works like it should , cheaper than anywhere else that I checked online ! Go Cowboys !
 This was an excellent purchase . I have seen this very same item locally at a higher price.This company offered a great deal and the produce was received in a timely matter .
 Best price for this water filter . It arrived quickly with prime . I installed it right away and now the cold water tastes great again !
 I ordered the filters with a bit of apprehension since some reviews said that generic filters were being sent by mistake . However I received the exact product that was specified , three brand name filters . They came within 5 days of the order being placed . I am very satisfied with the way they are working and even more so with the reduced cost ! Definitely a great purchase
 Excellant service . Right item at reasonable price . Quick shipment . Hard to find item at other locartions & service retail outlets .
 The filters worked as advertised and were a much better deal than anywhere else , both on-line and in the stores . I paid the same amount for two that I would have paid at a major home store for one .
 My whirlpool refrigerator needs this particular water filter . I ordered this filter and received it almost in minutes !!! It was easily installed and now I have another to install ... without having to drive the miles required or contacting a sales person to help me . And ... the price was amazing ! The last time I bought this particular filter I paid twice the price !!!
 Purchase of these refrigerator water filters from Amazon provided some financial relief for these vastly overpriced , but simple devices which are retailed for 40 to 50 percent more and are required special fixtures for this kitchen appliance , made essential to in-door dispensed water and ice even in areas of good tap water .
 Arrived very quickly , installed fast with no problems ... Fits perfectly , Works great and water tastes fine . Does what we wanted .
 Such a great price for the water filter online . Best buy sells it for double and some for the same product .
 I would highly recommend this . It is lower priced than ordering it from Whirlpool . It arrives promptly and no problems . I have ordered this for a couple of years now.Thank you Amazon
 This product is a cost effective replacement filter for my Whirlpool side by side . Fits and works with no issues .
 This was a great buy comparing it to buying one from Sears directly . Savings was about half buying from Sears . Filter works well with my hard water .
 loved saving the extra money for the same product thank you ! very easy to install same product as from the store
 Nothing to love or hate , it just works like it 's supposed to . It 's nice that they 're so much cheaper than in the store .
 Very pricey . My fridge has a light that goes off when I need to drop 40 on a filter . My GF claims to notice a difference in the taste before the filter gets changed to after . So I guess we 're stuck .
 Much better value for money than Maytag 's own renewal reminder rates for their fridge-buying customers . Glad to find them being sold here .
 The refrigerator filter was a direct replacement and it worked fine . Why do you require a minimum number of words ?
 Exact factory replacement for my refridgerator water filter at such an outstanding price ! Shipping was quick and the water is crystal clear and tasty .
 Does the job without a hassle . Simple instructions to install . Bought the three pack so I always have another to refill . Will buy again .
 This filter came as described , Part # 4396508 for Whirlpool , Kithenaid and Maytag with lower grill style Ice and Water Filters . Apparently manufactured by PUR in Taiwan . Plugged it in , truned off ice maker and ran 4 qts of water until clear , then turned the ice maker back on.Some people may have claimed it was only ANSI 42 but I can read , it clearly states ANSI Standard 42 -LRB- Chlorine taste , odor and particle reduction -RRB- and ANSI Standard 53 -LRB- Lead , Mercury , Benzene , p-Dichlorobenzene , Toxaphene and Carbofuran -RRB- .
 I get a new one in the mail every six months and it has been a great so far . I love not having to keep track of when I need to buy a new one .
 very good have bought this before over priced in the stores and at whirlpool . ammazon had nice price as usual and fast service
 The best way to go about ordering this product is to find the exact one you need , then search for it . There are so many that pop up when you enter general info into the &#34; search &#34; bar . Glad I found it here .
 These filters work fine and are significantly cheaper than in the big box hardware stores . They actually have a Whirlpool logo on them .
 I checked prices online and checked lowed . This was he best deal I could find . I really think these last longer than they say . When I notice the flow of water slowing down I replace them .
 This is perfect . It 's the best price I have found . Half the price of buying it at the appliance store . Easy to install .
 This filter is identical to the ones I usually buy at the home improvment stores or appliance part store only at about a 40 % savings . It arrived quickly . I 'll definatley purchase the double pack next time to have one on hand .
 This filter is doing great . Bought the name brand as I was not familiar with the off-brand . Still paid a better price than I could find in stores near me . Received it within 3 days .
 Was having problems with old filter leaking . Thought fridge was broken , ended up being just the filter was bad . Cheaper than buying in stores and with prime I got it shipped free . Great deal . Thank you .
 This filter arrived promptly ... It fit like a glove in my KitchenAid side by side refrigerator ... just be sure to read the direction on the filter before removing the old one and replacing with the new .
 Would use this vendor again . The product was as expected and we replaced the older cartridge with no problem and kept the second one for later
 Best thing I 've ever done was to sign up for auto ship on this product . Very good price compared to store prices .
 Great price and worth the money ... I debated over getting the 10P version which filters out more but this seems to be working fine .
 I received this product very quickly , before expected date . I received what I order . This is my second time ordering with them and both times have been quick and perfect .
 We purchased this exact replacement product because substitute products had questionable reviews citing leakage and breaking apart , and there was not much of a cost savings . It fits and installs perfectly and easily , per instructions . The 2-pack was a good deal , and an unexpected discount was applied by Amazon , with free shipping to boot . Arrived sooner than scheduled . Extremely satisfied with this purchase .
 This filter has been rated -LRB- in magazines and on TV surveys -RRB- as one of the best available . It is easy to install and a pleasure to use .
 The service was very good and the filters are as represented . The cost is much cheaper then at Lowes . I would reccommend these to anyone .
 I could n't believe how easy it was to replace , and it 's great to have good tasting water again ! Will definitely buy again !
 clean water . no taste after initial flushing thru filter of 3-5 gallons . brand name . retail package . as i hoped . just need a better price break on mutiple filters .
 When drinking lots of water . I like to know the product will actually be safe and effective . Not simply claim to be , but can not prove it . Good Price
 This filter is a direct replacement for the one in my refrigerator at a much lower price than Whirlpool wants for one . I am pleased with the performance and quick arrival time .
 Great original parts filter . Went to a retail store and they wanted $ 52 for it . Great price fits perfectly . Do not forget to purge the system after you install to remove excess Carbon .
 I am very satisfied with the service and product . Much more reasonable than buying it locally . I recommend this vendor and product.J . Wood
 I have ordered this product before . It comes exactly as described and the price is the best I can find . I have found the products offered through Amazon to always be the best you can get .
 I am giving this product 5 stars for its quality . However , I clicked on the wrong product and went through check out without verifying the part number . We have a Kenmore refrigerator and this does n't work on it -LRB- too wide for the filter slot in our fridge -RRB- . My mistake .
 Better price than any other site . Quick delivery . Ca n't say much about water quality since I do n't use the cold water . It is mainly for ice maker and ca ' t really tell the difference .
 This filter works well with our KitchenAid side-by-side refigerator -LRB- model KSRP22F -RRB- . The filter is located on the front of the base of the refigerator . This twin pack is cheaper than buying individually at Lowe 's . What else can you say about a water filter ?
 Best price out there , arrived in a timely manner and exactly what I needed . This is the 2nd time I have ordered the product and it is the best price out there .
 Filters arrived in a timely manner and safely packaged . They replace similar filters purchased last year from the same source which have worked just fine so I am satisfied that the seller is a safe choice for future replcement purchases of this item .
 This was the best price I could find for this filter.Service was good . The filter fits .
 Not really sure how to write a review of a water filter . I mean it hooks up to the refrigerator and does what it 's supposed to do . How do you really rate the quality of a water filter . It does it 's job , how about that ?
 I got the water filter as a replacement for my Whirlpool refrigerator . This was a good price , fast shipment and proper filter needed . Would recommend . Good buy !
 Great it works and no problem w / shipping . And it is cheaper at Amazon w / free shipping when I purchase whereas at HHGregg it is much more $ 44-45 .
 Why pay for an item at top dollar from it 's retailer when you can get it for a heck of a lot less at Amazon . Also the seller kept me abreast of the shipping date etc. and followed up to see if I was happy with my purchase .
 This product was the most inexpensive filters I have found in recent years.Great job .
 Very good price for two filters . I have been paying $ 38.00 for one at LOWES .
 Got a 2 pack for our Kenmore and it popped right in . Water tastes great , A + +
 Our side by side is almost ten years old . This worked great and we had no problems installing it . Coming from amazon , it was alot cheaper than buying from the manufacturer . Worth the money .
 Recieved the water filters much sooner than forecasted , price was excellent . I got email updates regarding my order in a timely fashion .
 This product was the same as the filter I removed from my fridge . Works great .
 Great price for a product I would have to spend more for if I purchased it in a store .
 After some research , Amazon offered this water filter , which we needed for our Kitchenaid refrigerator , at the best price we could find .
 I read all the reviews and decided to try this filter . It costs 1/2 of what I could buy it for at Sears . That is a huge savings , especially when your on a fixed income . I am very happy with this filter . I have not noticed any difference and it fits in my Kenmore side by side without any problems . I will be purchasing this again . How can you go wrong , great price , FREE shipping , and it 's delivered to my front door . Thanks Amazon , I love shopping here , I have saved so much $ $ .
 Whirlpool water filter was the best buy I could find . Amazon was prompt with delivery . -LRB- As always -RRB-
 Best price , easy installation . These go for much more at the local appliance stores . As far as function , they do what they are designed to do .
 Fast delivery and the same product you can buy at Sears , but for half the price . What 's not to like . I did have problems getting my old one out , I went 3 years on it and it was jammed with bad stuff . At the price I bought this , I will be better motivated to put a new one in every 6 months like I am supposed to .
 Whirlpool 4396508P Filter was installed in a KitchenAid 25 cubic foot refrigerator . Filtered water was equal to bottled water in clarity and taste . I 've used them for several years and each one lasts about a year . Very satisfied .
 No problems - no worries . It took longer to get into the box the filter came in than installing the new filter . Removed the old filter and slid in the new filter . The filter works wonderfully providing a great tasting water . There have been no issues with functionality . It works as specified with no leaks or other issues .
 This is the filter needed for my Whirlpool refrigerator . The previous one I had produced water that was odd tasting . This one is much better although not as good as my old reverse osmosis system.The unit is not difficult to install although I do not like crouching down and installing the unit . I think the filters that are actually inside the refrigerator are more convenient , but they take up valuable internal space and do not last as long.Under typical usage the units should last about 6 months .
 Whirlpool 4396508 KitchenAid Side By Side Refrigerator Quarter Turn Water Filter , 1-PackIt is easy to install and value for money . Excellent customer service from Amazon.com Customer Service Representative .
 I have a Kenmore Elite side by side and these filters from this merchants are exactly what the appliance requires . They work perfectly and the price is the best I have found on the web .
 This replacement filter was about $ 10 cheaper than I could buy it in town . When you take into account the tax and transportation costs I saved , it was a great deal that is hard to beat .
 Filters my fridge water as expected . Lasts quite a long time , say 6 months . Water tastes great and this is a good product .
 The water filter arrived promptly and was an exact replacement for my Kitchen Aid Side by Side refrigerator . I 'll order another when this one is depleted .
 Product as advertised , decent price . Have installed one of the water filters . Works great . Have no complains . You should consider buying .
 Bought a house about a year and a half ago and the refrigerator that came with the house uses these filters . Easy to install and now I have filtered water . All around pleased with the product .
 Hubby thought we had a crappy ice-maker . I suggested a new filter ... he thought that was bogus . 2 days after new filter , lo & behold , we had a full ice bin , after getting just a few cubes a day before . Do n't trust hubby 's opinion!Super quick delivery also ! And , best part was that I saved 50 % from the local store the Hubby went to !
 Our water here is bad ! You can taste it 's badness , see it 's badness , and we pay a pretty penny for our water to boot ! So glad these are on my fridge , the water is clean and tastes like water ! Downside is the flow rate , so I find myself standing for about a minute to fill my large glass , but then I 'm good for a long time ! Noticeable improvement in clarity and taste over our unfiltered water .
 Works as a replacement for my original filter , Whirlpool filter # 4392857Note
 The ice cube maker in my side-by-side refer was frosting up ; the little ice it was making was `` hollow '' and melting into a big iceberg . I thought I would need service.But first I decided to replace the water filter . The big box store wanted $ 45 ; Amazon had the same filter for $ 25 . I opted for the free shipping since it was n't an emergency ; it arrived in 5 business days . Saved $ 20 ; more when you consider time and gas money getting to the store.I installed the new filter and problem solved ! Solid loose ice , no frost !
 This filter is so easy to replace in your refrigerator water supply line that even a child can do it .
 Just the filter I need for my refrigerator . Since the dealer where I bought the refrigerator went out of business , I have to buy one here .
 Our water is very hard , so we have to replace the filter quite often . This can be expensive if we buy the filters at the local big box home improvement store . The price on these OEM filters from Amazon is much better.The filter makes a big difference . I 'm always amazed at the quantity of junk that comes out of the old filter when we change it out . Blech .
 These are Whirlpool brand filters and seem to work well . I was n't able to find them at a better price anywhere else .
 This was a hard to find product locally and was priced well below factory direct pricing . Was able to buy 2 for price of 1 . Will definately buy here again .
 The Whirlpool water filter works great . It also cost less than what I paid at the store where I bought my refrigerator to include shipping . It arrived within the period that was stated .
 Good price for product - loved the 2 pack to save even more ! Works great for us . Ca n't ask for anything more !
 I searched online and found this filter is good for my fridge , and I tried and it works perfect ! the water taste wonderful after this filtration . very good product !
 Seemed to fit and seems to work . Looked exactly like the old one . I assume it 's working -LRB- the water looks pretty clear -RRB- . Basically , it 's a water filter ... I assume it 's working . Not much else to write ! It came quickly and was priced similarly to other sites .
 Amazingly enough -- I could n't find this part anywhere in town at all . I finally came here to look for it and thank goodness ! It was perfect and the exact item ... very fast shipping to Alaska .
 this was very easy water filter change as hardest part maybe just getting on down onto floor ? Mine was a little stiff to get turning but with a careful use of pliers on it made it start moving , just be careful not to squeeze to hard and crack the handle in filter when getting it loose , but at worst if you crack it you could buy another one as it just slides on end of filter and sold on amazon too . make sure before you start to changing filter to turn off ice maker by moving bar in up position as I guess there is remote chance ice maker could try to fill up with water when your replacing filter but I 'm pretty sure valve for water is closed once you turn filter off 1/4 counterclockwise from straight position to straight up and down . a very small amount of water may come out as soon as you remove from frig face valve to the ceiling to keep water from running out of old filter then I would suggest putting upside down in sink so you can work on sliding off the outside white gripping handle off old filter so any small amount of water goes down sink and not on floor LOL . then put with handle facing straight up and down orientation , pushing all the way as far as goes into frig , then turn 1/4 turn clockwise to straight across position . Then instruction say you should run 3 gallons water through filter before using it I was able use a small funnel wedged into water lever on door water to keep water on and guide away from fridge and into a bucket on the floor and filled a few times till you have drained 3 gallons . Then turn ice machine back on by putting bar in down position . I had some issues getting off floor so make sure your have a phone with you just in case you need to call someone for help up off floor if your kinda old like me hahhaha is best advice . ENJOY !!! works great !!
 Had a filter that was starting to leak , needed to be replace due to time anyway . Good deal on Amazon . Will be the maulti pack next time and save a little money per filter . Water taste great !
 I have n't used a router since high school and this was easy to use . Attaching a vacuum to it would definately help with dust and cleanup . Otherwise you 'll end up taking off the plastic piece that will end up holding some of the dust . I found it very easy to use . The hardest pat was reading the instructions and flipping back and forth between the diagrams and typed instructions .
 First router my husband has ever owned . He is very satisfied and finding it easy to operate . As a beginner her really likes it .
 I just got the product in the mail today and it is look good I did some work with it and the router seems to perform well . I have bad comment and that is that the router bits are hard to get to and I wish they would have made it easier the lock down the chuck so I do n't have pushing a button to change the bit
 This router is a very nice router I have been using it for a few months now and very happy with it the price was right and it has some great features
 It is easy to handle and setup.the different speeds make it easy to get the finish you are looking for
 I have used this router many times and works very well in fact I also adapted to usein a table which is not recommended for the manufacturer but works nice.If you do n't want to spend a lot of money , is a good router
 excelente para realizar trabajos de carpinterias y realizar dibujos en los cantos de la madera , ademas se pueden realizar petrforad para las unioes y los tarugos .
 I am giving this router a 5 start rating simply because similar units with similar features are going for anywhere between $ 200-800 at our local woodworking store . I purchased this Black & Decker ; router used -LRB- although there were no signs of use -RRB- on Amazon for $ 60 shipped.This is my first router and I could n't be happier with it . Paired with some high quality router bits , this machine is very precise . Each line it cuts is perfectly straight . The adjustable speed knob is extremely helpful making all kinds of different jobs a breeze . The vaccum cleaner attachment is also very useful making clean-up several times easier and faster.The main selling point of this machine for me -LRB- other than its price -RRB- was the included router guide . I built a special jig -LRB- for the type of work I do -RRB- and the included router guide made everything very easy . It is very precise and works like a charm.I run this unit typically at least 3hours per week . I would definitely recommend this unit to a friend . It is a solid machine that , in my opinion , is suitable for professional work .
 this router is an excellente choise for a beginner in the wooworking world not for heavy duty if you are a week end woodworker is the right choise for you , the router has minor details to be chequed out if you are looking for a router to use big bits , for instance the rised panel router bits , it does not fit quite well .
 I was a bit skeptical buying a used power tool , but this thing looks brand new ! I could n't wait to get it out the box and give it a try .
 El RP 250 es un excelente equipo , ideal para un principiante , practico , facil de usar , liviano , comodo y a un buen precio . Lo recomiendo .
 Router is by far the best by on the market . Easy to use , many options , lots of power.Free shipping was a little slow though .
 I bought this router for myself right after Christmas . I have used it many times and it is just what I need !!! It is very comfortable to use and cuts beautifully !!!
 I 've had this router for approximately 12 months now and I am happy with what I paid for . It 's not the top of the line , do n't be fooled into thinking you 're going to get a professional quality 2HP router for $ 60 . Keeping this in mind , I can not complain about this product . I 've been using it mostly in a router table configuration and I have had absolutely no problems with it . I am a hobbyist , but I have put this router through it 's paces . I have successfully cut up to 1/2 '' G10/FR4 -LRB- fiberglass/epoxy board with comparable density to Al T6061 -RRB- with this unit , and the only problems I had were the breaking of carbide bits . There is no shortage of power from this 2HP model.I would recommend this router to someone like me , a hobbyist / amateur wood-worker if they want to maintain a low budget AND had prior experience with routers.I would NOT recommend this router to someone that was intending to use it heavily every day , in a very dynamic manner or to earn a living etc. .
 I purchased this as my first plunge router . So far it has worked great in fairly consistent use . I have n't had any problems with it at all . It sets up easily and is powerful enough that I have routed hard maple cutting boards with it . I am sure a $ 1,000 Festool is a better tool but I 'm not a professional Woodworker so the inexpensive Black & Decker works for me .
 I needed a plunge router to make some keyhole slots and this unit fit the bill . After some practice with it -LRB- I had never used a plunge router -RRB- I found it is well designed and cuts beautifully . Did n't have any problems setting it up , I am completely satisfied with it .
 Likes : Variable speedErgonomic handlesPlunge feature with 3 preset positionsI like this thing . It works well for my occasional needs .
 The black and Decker router is a nice product for the price . It is not intended for the professional , but if you need a router for short jobs I think for the price it is well worth it . My only complaint was when I received it I found that the base plate does not receive router Guide bushings you might want to do for inlay , mortise and such . Make sure you order a universal base plate to go with it if you are intending to do any of those things .
 This product works great and I am very happy with it although I wish I would have known I ca n't use it on a router table because now I have a router table I ca n't use
 I have tried several electronic timers and these four I have in service for two years are great , Finally a timer with intuitively clear programming features .
 I have this Timer for more than 5 months and it has been working great . Turns water on/off everyday . Also , very easy to program . Well worth the money .
 This timer works great - the hard part was figuring out how to program it . It took awhile to figure it out - it is not at all intuitive - but finally got it going . And it has worked great with my drip irrigation system for my hanging plants . I waste much less water than watering by hand and do n't have to hand-water every day .
 With all the trouble everyone else is reporting , I 've owned mine for three years and never had a problem with it -LRB- except that it likes batteries ... it gets a new one about every two months -RRB- . Mine works great ... sorry everyone else is having trouble .
 Not received this orderOrder #
 We 've been using this timer to water our garden for two years now . It was simple to use and has worked perfectly .
 Bought this unit last summer and just broke it out again for this year.Programming is more `` geek friendly '' than `` user friendly '' and required a bit of study to understand how to program it , but once I saw the big picture , it was easy to do ... For another $ 20 , you can get a push button unit with a digital display , but unless you are changing watering schedules frequently , it 's not worth it IMO . . Once programmed and turned on , it worked flawlessly and untouched for the entire season , and never forgot to water the basil ; -RRB-
 Much improved over previous 3015 that it replaces . Better design , easier to set up , so far no problems . An excellent timer .
 This new drip system timer and drip control is far superior to the one I had previously . It only requires the simplest push buttons to schedule its use .
 I have owned a previous incarnation of this timer for 8 years -LRB- have 10 of them ... . and that is another story -RRB- . Two of the older models failed last year so I purchased 4 of this model . They are easier to program and work just fine . I take out the screen in the inlet -LRB- it gets plugged up to quickly -RRB- and connect the outlet to soaker hoses ... This set up has worked well for me and I leave them running at a frequency of every 2 to 3 days with a duration of 1 hour .
 I needed a timer that would control a drip feed system . An old Melnor I had would not shut the valve without reasonable flow through it , so was useless . This new unit works flawlessly . It 's easy to program and well made . Others may have complained about weak hose fittings . With reasonable care I do n't see why that should be a problem . The off-center position of the hose coupling does mean considerable force could be applied to them if the right-hand end is pushed down , but that would be abuse of the unit in MHO .
 Edit
 I use this timer on my sprinkler and soaker hoses . It works very well except when I ran into it with the lawn mower because it sticks out from the wall !
 I 've had this timer for 4 years and never had a problem with it . it always works well , very minor leaks -LRB- especially compared to other timers we 've owned -RRB- , and its easy to use/program . I just think they are expensive for what they are .
 We live in the Santa Monica Mountains , and use several of these Melnor timers for our drip system , sprinkler system and lawn sprinklers . We 've had them in for over a year without a problem - have n't even had to change the batteries yet.I 've read complaints about these timers filling with water , which is a possibility . But we live in a microclimate that sees about two weeks per year of heavy rain total , so water is n't much of an issue for us.The real issue is dependability and ease of use - and these timers have exhibited both .
 Bought beginning of last summer . Works like a charm . Easy to use for garden watering . Connected to drip system this year . Still have n't had to replace the batteries .
 I see lots of negative reviews , but mine works great . It does n't have a lot of features , but if you do n't want to water more than once a day it 's fine . I like that it 's simple to program . I went through a couple other timers that did n't work so well . This one has been pretty robust so far . Not sure if I just got a good one or what . I use mine for a micro-sprinkler system .
 This unit is easy to program . I 've had several different kinds of water timers before and this is the 1st one that I 've made a point to purchase again . We have rental property and we set this up in the spring , adjust it a couple of times during the summer and forget about it .
 I have been using drip systems in my garden for over 20 years and have tried many different timers . I started using this one two years ago , and it is the best and most reliable I have found and reasonably priced . Joan Conlan
 Having owned other timers that did not work , this one has done the job for me . I use two of them for drip irrigation and watering potted plants during the March to September growing season . The timer is easy to program . It can be temporarily bypassed or turned off without changing the timer settings . I change the batteries in the Spring and that 's it !
 I 've bought many of the rotary version of this timer , but it appears it 's been replaced by a digital version with push buttons . I also just bought one of those . I had little trouble with the rotary ones , but the digital one I just bought seems very inaccurate , and not as easy to operate . I very carefully followed instructions , and the water seems to run three hours prior to whatever I set it for . I had no such problems with the rotary type . I think it would also be very easy for the buttons on the new one to get bumped accidentally and turn the thing off .
 This timer has been wonderful . I have three of them , programmed to stagger three different sprinklers for the different parts of my front and back yards , and their different water requirements -LRB- i.e. the need to be watered daily vs. less frequently -RRB- . I 've had them all for two years , and since I 've had them , have n't had to do anything to my richly populated yard , except occasional weeding . I deal with the battery requirement with rechargeable 9V batteries and a recharger , so the whole system has paid for itself over and over again . Now I can sit and enjoy my garden , rather than being too busy caring for it . Or resuscitating it , when I forget , or when other pursuits call . Great investment , as far as I 'm concerned .
 This thing is great . I 've been singing the joys of having a timer to water my garden all summer . I should say that I do n't have experience with a lot of other watering timers , so I ca n't compare it to those . I have just been really impressed with this unit.Operating is pretty easy . Easy on . Easy off . Easy to switch to automatic again . It is a little confusing the first time you set things up , but they provide a couple nice stickers with the operating instructions on them to stick to the unit.You will definitely save water and plants with this . No more worrying about having someone water your plants while you are out of town or realizing you 've just forgotten to water them for the past week . If you 've been thinking about getting a time , do !
 I have five of these timers . I have had them for several years . I spray food grade silicone -LRB- available at any SCUBA dive shop -RRB- into the water intake each year to keep them lubricated and replace the battery each spring . I take the old ones out in the fall . I use a pressure regulator so they receive 45 PSI water pressure . You can get these in line regulators at an RV supply center . I have had zero problems . Maybe I am lucky , but then I take care of my equipment .
 this is an improved version , faucet connection is metal instead of plastic . display is difficult to see in a bright environment . it gets the job done .
 Last year we bought two different timers to determine which we would like best . We decided we liked this Melnor timer after using it for a year . I like to set it and not worry about anything.I ordered the second Melnor timer and although the picture was a duplicate of what I purchased last year , the timer that was delilvered was a bit different . It has a round ring with arrows that you can use to switch programs . That is fine but makes it a bit difficult to see ! Prefer the original one but this one works fine !
 I just had to write this because I own two of these , Melnor 3015 6-Cycle Electronic AquaTimer Digital Hose Timer , and have owned them for over two years and they work great . I have had to replace one battery and that is it just one 9v battery in one unit out of two .
 This is a great timer , very easy to use . Unlike my previous timers , it is easy to change/check one aspect of the water program . I also like the Manual 30 minute water feature . I live in New England , we have rough winters here ! I bought 3 of these timers 3 years ago from Home Depot . 2 of them are still working properly , but one did not survive the winter -LRB- left in the garage -RRB- . The display of the 1 broken timer seems to be peeling off from the inside . However , the other 2 are great -LRB- For the first 2 years I stored the timers in the house over the winter . -RRB- . I recommend bringing these timers into the house to store them through the winter , if you live somewhere with very cold winters . Also - replace the battery each year , removing the battery over the winter season.Again - these are so easy to set and to adjust , it more than makes up for their cost .
 I checked here after I started having problems with my timer right out of the box . The automatic mode never turned on and the manual mode was flaky and once it turned on , it never turned off . When I saw all the problems folks had here I just brought it back to Home Depot and exchanged it for a new one . The new one works just the way it is supposed to . I can set my watch by it - it turns on everyday at 6 am and off at 6:30 . I bought it to water my garden when I am on vacation but now it handles all the watering . I would have given it 5 stars if the first unit was not defective.I have since discovered the Orbit 91213 which has much better reviews and looks like the one sold at Wal-Mart . You may want to start with that .
 I have been using two of these to control watering of fruit trees and vegetables for the past three years . They have been reliable . Programming is easy and it 's really easy to change the water-on duration time and to switch on manual watering . I wrote this review because I was looking on-line to get a spare unit and found the $ 57 tag way too much .
 The newer version of the # 3015 timer is WAY easier to set that the first . You can set it before installing it , and even if you have to re-set it after installation , the numbers are large and easy to read , making it simple to re-set the time , duration , etc. . It is worth every penney , and so far , shows it keeps on ticking through thunderstorms and 100 degree weather !
 Last year I purchased two of that year 's version of this model . After some initial confusion they were easy enough to program . -LRB- This year 's model looks even easier . -RRB- They provided dependable daily service all summer and fall -- especially when I was away . However , when I went to install one this year , I torqued too hard with the pliers and broke the coupling . I e-mailed the company service department about purchasing a replacement part , they responded promptly and are sending a complete repair kit -- at their expense ! In my opinion , that 's good customer relations policy .
 I had a Melnor 3015 which rusted out in a year like everyone else 's because the battery container is n't waterproof . Why did I order another one ? Because I needed a timer exactly the same size as my old one . Imagine my surprise when Amazon sent me the wrong timer . Here 's the picture of the new model which has the same number as the old one
 I have this timer for 2 years . I changed the battery once . It works just fine . It does not leak like the orbit timers . I bought two orbit timers and both of them exploded on me . This is much more robust timer . Great buy .
 Bought this a year ago under the Vigoro name -- same product . Works exactly as it 's supposed to . I even left it hooked up through the winter ; my other timers cracked and died . I wish it had more features , but it works as advertised .
 I have used this timer for three years and it is still working . The reason I am not giving 5 stars are , firstly it 's not convenient to do a Ad Hoc watering say for 20 mins one time without interrupting the programmed schedule . Secondly , since I remove it during the winter time and forgot to take the battery out -LRB- not sure if it helps though -RRB- , the battery already died the next spring you use it . Have to change the battery every year .
 This product is extremely dependable which is exactly what you want in a water timer . I use this at a vacation home and am often not around during the week . I can leave the home with confidence that the timer will last more than a two weeks once it is set and I do not have to worry about it . The 9 volt batter lasts longer than the AA configurations on other timers I have used . I have used the orbit water timer and it has killed many of my plants by not turning on
 Also received the newer model and have n't yet tried it.Have had great results with the original rotary designamd just love it . Bring back the original and waterproofthe battery housing if need be.My battery has lasted multiple seasons .
 Picture was n't right for this . I was trying to order the older version and got the newer digital display with buttons one . It 's functioning pretty well , but I liked the old one better . Buttons on the new one do n't seem to work consistently . Otherwise fine .
 I live in the desert -LRB- Las Vegas -RRB- and if you miss a day watering , plants will die . This Timer is easy to install and program , and never misses a day . It is a Savior .
 Last year I purchased this sprinkler for home and another cheaper sprinkler for my rental . After comparing the performance between the two , I went out today and purchased another Melnor 360m as a replacement for my rental . I found the cheaper sprinkler which was a middle of the line sprinkler by a reputable company just was n't worth the dollars saved . The 360m is reliable , well built , and has a limited lifetime warranty . I also like the speed in which it oscillates . The wide angle oscillating water pattern allows me good flexibility to cover my lawns . It comes with a jet cleaner built into the oscillator which is very convenient . After years of going through numerous sprinklers every few years , I 'm sure I 've finally got it right . Hopefully with the LL warranty it 's my last sprinkler purchase . The oscillating adjustments are quick and simple . Highly recommended ! I 'm confused by the negative reviews . Since it comes with a LL warranty , I see only one reviewer who 's contacted Melnor . The way I see it , you pay more for a product with a lifetime warranty for a reason . If you make sure they honor their warranty it should be the last sprinkler purchase you 'll make . If and when my sprinklers stop performing within the scope of the warranty , I 'll update this review on the service I receive from Melnor .
 The sprinkler did what it said except the one I got was broken it would get stuck in one position !!
 Put in a well last summer for lawn watering ... ran this baby for months day and nite with no problems ... well made and made to last
 The Melnor sprinkler makes watering fun . I should know -- I have four of them ! After a room addition last summer , my yard was a disaster . At one point , I had all four sprinklers going -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- , utilizing timers for them . Yes , my water bill hurt . Still , because these sprinklers are reliable and easy to adjust , I have a beautiful bluegrass lawn again . You do have to keep the nozzles clean , using the tool provided , a very easy and effective device . Most oscillating sprinklers from other manufacturers last a few weeks at best . I have never had a problem with a Melnor .
 I 've been using two of these for a couple of months and have had absolutely zero problems . The plastic oscillator adjuster switches seem very flimsy -LRB- I have n't used them much as I need the full spread of water -RRB- so I can see why some are having problems but , so far , they 've been great for me ! This sprinkler covers a very large area so I can water my front yard with it in just two locations .
 The Melnor 360M All Metal 3600-Square-Foot Oscillator Sprinkler covers the area I set super accurately and never gets `` stuck '' like some cheap plastic oscillators . And Amazon got it to me late in the season when all the local stores were out of stock . My lawn lives !
 I read some of the other reviews and only time will tell.However , for now the unit is performing perfectly I appreciate that the jets provide a uniform flow of water and are removable for cleaning.Thanks to others , I 'll keep the guarantee close at hand .
 This the best water sprinkler yet . I have 125 psi water pressure and the plastc sprinklers just do n't last . I have had this one now for only two months but use it almost every day and it seems to be just fine . It is all metal and I thinnk will do very well for years to come .
 All of you who are not happy with the best spinkler out thereIT 'S BECAUSE YOUR WATER PRESSURE IS TO HIGH -LRB- **** PUT *** -RRB- a cut off valve at the spinkler and ajust itand away it will go , I have 8 of these and they are all 10 years plus oldI saw the reviews and hoped to help
 I would have rated this a 5 star because of the design and the quality of finish but the one I received was a little bent . After installing you could not tell though but for what I paid for the thing I expected the bars and how the bars fit into the sides to be aligned properly . It just was n't worth the hassle to return it and wait for a replacement item to be sent .
 Looks good , matches my other oil rubbed bronze pieces in the room . It fits two towels nicely side-by-side , with 2 big towels in back & 2 hand towels in front
 This kit saved me a whole lot of effort and money . I took a flyer that it might work for my 1965 vintage shower enclosure - you know , 1950 's / 1960 's colored tile in this case.The only clue I had , without getting into the walls , was that the escutcheon had the words `` American Standard '' imprinted on it . I measured the chrome valve tube that had to almost be destroyed to get it off of the valve and this chrome tube , with the fine threads that attach it to the valve , measured 5/8 of an inch.I thought I might be able to find something on the internet to confirm a kit that might fit based upon this measurement but I was unsuccessful and opted to take the chance this Danco kit would fit.I 'll replace the valves but this kit at 45 bucks was worth it just for the trim and the fact I do n't have to get into the walls to replace the entire shower fixture . The jacklegs that had done `` repairs '' over the years to this bath had completely ruined the old trim in the process of working on the bathtub faucet and `` caulking '' around the old trim.Since I did n't find this kit on the Danco website , it looks like it may not be available once existing supplies are exhausted . I was thrilled it worked for me as I rarely have that kind of luck .
 Like first reviewer said , you will not find this at your local Home Depot or Lowe 's . Plus I was suprised at how low the price was after looking at parts seperately . I would have rated it five stars if the escutcheon flanges were better , they do not have a screw or anything to attach to the escutcheon . I will have to somehow attach them with glue or something . Overall great buy though .
 Great product . Hard to find locally . Works well . Easy to install.Was shipped promptly . Good price .
 This unit is very well built and can handle all the light duty you can through at it . I use it in the automotiverepair business , It is rated at 315 in lbs of torque however It is most useful around half that amount with theimpact type drive system to remove and reinstall dash fastners and plastic panels below vehicals . This toolis all I expected from its discription on the website .
 This looks like an ordinary power screwdriver but it 's better . In normal use , it seems like a regular driver , spinning the tip quickly . But if it sees resistance -- like a tight screw -- it works kind of like a hammer drill or impact wrench , vibrating the tip in small increments to slowly turn the screw . And it does it without ruining the screw head.Yesterday , I ran into some rusted-in-place screws holding a gate hinge . Super-stuck . I know for sure I would have been cutting them off or twisting them with pliers but this driver backed them out slowly , never rounding out the philips heads of the screws.Wow .
 Not much I can say here , Items worked as expected and no problems were noted . If needed for a lamp or fixture , this parts works great !
 Good product . We could n't find one the color that we wanted , so we bought this one and painted it . It came out great .
 The drill is everything that I had hoped it might be , but the drill bits that came with it are of a very poor quality , and become dull and virtually useless after one use . Nevertheless , this was a good purchase , and I have no regrets.Black & Decker CDC120AK 12-Volt Cordless Drill Kit , Charger & Battery , Includes 30 Accessories
 This drill is awesome ! Especially if you want to put something together without writs strain , or drill holes in ANYTHING!Nice and not too heavy , but feels solid . Works VERY well . I LOVE IT !!!
 This drill is great for home use . The drill bits are decent for a couple of uses ; but you can always pick up drill bits , the hard part is finding a good drill for a good price.The included charger is physically built into the drill . This means that if you buy an extrabatteryyou should also pick up the black and decker batterycharger.I recommend this drill for house work and smaller projects . If you are looking for professional grade drills and are a fan of Black and Decker products , you should look at Black and Decker 's professional line
 Great service and product . The cordless drill was a gift for my husband and he just loves it . He thanks me over and over again , for such a wonderful and useful addition to his tool collection.Thanks Amazon
 Solid build and affordable . These drills , when combined with a multi-voltage fast charger from Amazon or Wal Mart -LRB- around 25.00 -RRB- is a bargain . Great for home repair and medium jobs . With the fast charger that is available , for about 25.00 , the battery can be ready whenever . For home repair and renovation , this is a fine little hummer .
 Which of course , means that i did n't know much about it . Other than I did n't feel you could go wrong with B & D. It 's easy to use , the few times that I 've actually used it , but the quality is excellent . The battery runs down a trifle too quickly , but you just plan for that . Overall , I 'm happy with it .
 I bought this as a housewarming gift for my boyfriend and was unsure that he would like it or if it was even what he needed/wanted . I was really blown away when he opened it . It was more than I expected and exactly what he needed and wanted.Awesome product .
 It took me over 2 months of research to figure out what compressor to buy . I finally found this Coleman model . This unit is great , it kept up with my framing nailer , when I was rebuilding my front porch . I never had to wait for enough pressure . It is also very quiet compared to smaller models and makes that I have owned in the past . I would not call it totally portable , because it is a bit heavy , but it is balanced enough and with the wheels and handle it is moveable . I decided to keep it in my garage and just purchase more hose . I would recommend this to anyone who needs a compressor . You get what you pay for with the smaller models , I had a Craftsman and it lasted 8 months .
 This light was initially a 120v 300watt light I think . I purchaced 12v 100watt bulbs for it to use at a campground with a dimmer -LRB- all purchaced at Amazon -RRB- and it works great when I dont have a power hook up and no generator working . The 120v 300watt spread light all over the yard . Gets kind of hot at to be expected . I would definately buy again .
 I use mine while I am doing flooring . It was designed with safety features like a light guard , wide stance of the supports and adjustable lighting direction . Overall it is quite satisfactory .
 lights seem to be well built . hd construction and bolted together where it counts . i dont see the knobs that keep the light from tilting lasting long so i plan to replace with a wingnut . cages are a little bit of a pain to get on during assembly but go on good and tight . comes with extra light and holder mounted to the front of the light which is a nice feature . the lights only tilt 1 way from factory . depending on which way you install the base it will only tilt up or down . easy fix tho just grind the tops of the base brackets where they mount to the light until they are rounded and good to go . the wide angle is good for after dark pong and cornhole for the cookouts . for the price they are great lights and i would order again .
 Pros : Easy to assemble , use , and maintain ... Portable and bright ... Cons : Item gets extremely hot ... Be extremely careful around children and animalsRecommendations : Better labeling for EXTREME HEAT ...
 This light appears to be pretty well made and I suspect it will last a good while . The wide angle is great for illuminating a broad area . There are two 250 watt bulbs . Light and switch are sealed and protected to be suitable for use in wet conditions . Very happy with purchase .
 Hubby was so excited with this item as his gift ! He was amazed at how bright the bulbs were . Said `` we can light up the entire back yard '' ! So glad he was happy as I find him hard to please .
 This is more expensive than the crappy units sold at the big box stores , but I think you get what you pay for -- it may not be worth 3-4 times what you pay for those units , but my understanding is that those cheap ones are truly scary from a quality control point of view , do n't last very long , do n't stay in position and easily break . This unit seems built to last a long time and creates a great deal of light -LRB- and heat , standard for all halogen lights -RRB- . It also draws a lot of current . Still , for me , it makes my work area very bright and it is very stable . Plus it comes with and extra bulb and clever built in bulb storage . Also , the added warmth is a plus on cold days . I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 Gets very hot as do all these types of lights but it works very well , puts out a huge amount of light , is sturdy and sits securely on the floor . Great purchase .
 I burned up a 6 '' Milwaukee that was quite new , so bought one of these . I used this machine on the same job and the motor barely got warm , whereas the Milwaukee was getting too hot to hold without gloves , then smoked and fried . It seems to run smoother as well . A real workhorse for heavy users . If you want to use a grinder heavily without burning it out , this is worth the extra money !
 This tool is exceptionally well made with plenty of power and nice features such as the soft start and multiple locations for additional hand support . The blade guard is easily adjustable and the quick disk change is another nice feature . We use these grinders at work and they are work horses for their size . They also have an over heat protection that shuts down the motor till it cools but it takes a great deal of work to cause this . Great product .
 I 've owned many workshop lights . This product is consistent with past lights with the added benefits or 1 -RRB- protective grill , and 2 -RRB- Brighter lights with a lower energy cost . This is definitely a workshop light and with over 1 year of use I 've had no problems . Like others , one of the bulbs came broken , but it was easily replaced . I think enough of this product that after 1 year of use , I am purchasing 4 moreIf you want a workshop light , this is a good one
 I scoured the internet for months looking for the right work lights to fit my needs and found it in the Designers Edge L-81 130-to-600 Watt Fluorescent Bench Top Work Light ! The product was delivered with both bulbs intact , was simple to put together and install , and is lightweight so it 's easy for one person to install it . Best of all , it 's a work/shop light that does n't require hardwiring , perfect for someone looking to add light without alot of cost . The adjustable light output is great for getting just the right amount of light you need , exceptionally bright without blinding and having the hanging cord switch makes using this light easy . I heartily recommend this product !
 I was surprised to read the negative reviews of this light considering I have had mine for almost 2 years and had no problems with it.The light is clean and not harsh . There is not the typical ghosting from florescent tubes nor is there any noise . The metal is not tinfoil however I do n't think it would hold up to me driving my truck over it . I have not banged mine around , it just hang of my work bench so I can not attest to its resilience to abuse or durability under harsh conditions.This being said I am looking at acquiring additional lights for the other sections of my workshop.Operates as expected .
 I needed a retainer clip for my kitchen faucet . The local hardware stores either did n't have the piece or were charging way more than you would expect . The clip was easy to attach to the faucet .
 this is the best money saving item on amazon for me right now bought this for $ 30 went to other local store and website would of have cost me $ 45-50 work like the same ones i payed for before for $ 45-50
 These worked great in my Duraspin driver to attached subflooring in preparation for oak flooring installation . The screws are easily broken if hit from the side , which is a nice feature for removing errant screws .
 I bought a Senco gun because I am currently remodeling my entire house . Part of that includes putting down 1700 sqft of hardwood . I had particle board under my carpet , so all of that had to be ripped out . So I purchased the screw gun and these 2 '' screw to attach my plywood to the the floor . I have yet to have a problem with it feeding correctly into the gun or jamming for any other reason . Also my Lowes store only carries the 13/4 '' screws but I needed longer ones to go through the plywood and floor slates and into the floor joist . I am go glad I bought this , as it has made my job so much easier .
 I bought these screws with a good bit of apprehension due to the other unfavorable review . The skepticism proved to be unfounded . I used these for attaching 3/4 '' MDF underlayment to my 2 '' pine subfloor . They worked great . Out of the thousand , I maybe had three or four heads break off . The square heads installed reliably . The few times they did not engage properly , I attributed to operator error , maybe getting to greedy about going too fast.I do n't know why they did not work for the other reviewer . Maybe he got a bad batch . -LRB- or Maybe I got a good batch -RRB- . - jwrit Boulder Colorado
 Valuable tool for small jobs and hard to reach areas . Flexible and easy to use .
 Decorative push pins are very hard to find and tend to be very pricey . This is an attractive item at a great price ! Use with small pictures , mirrors -- holds decorative chain , ribbon or cord . Note they come in packages of 3 !
 When we re-painted the bedroom walls , I wanted a way to display my collection of vintage beaded purses and fans so people could touch them . I found these nice-looking hooks on a push-pin base , and the 3-pack is n't expensive , so I got a bunch of them . They are n't gaudy but add a nice touch and support my collection securely and do n't dislodge when dusting . Re-arranging would be easy . Very nice . I think I will be using them to display some family photos elsewhere too .
 30 pins in one box for a low price ! I hanged picture frames all over my home . Good metal pin and pretty too .
 I work for porta door inc. and i need a nail set all the damn time . not having to look for a hammer and thenail -LSB- inch is great i love this tin.a bunch of co workers are going to buy one now .
 I really like this tool !! In the past , I have had to get a punch and hammer to finish hammering down small nails that have not fully gone into the wood . These can be conventional nails or nails from a nail gun . With this tool , all that you have to do is place the head onto the raised nail , pull back the spring loaded body and then release . Drives the nail home . I find it to be a tremendous time saver . No more hammer marks and it works well with those thin aluminum nail gun nails.Also works well to start hole . Same process , just pull back the spring loaded body and the cone shaped head drives into the wood and leaves a starter hole - right where you want it .
 I 've had one of these for about eight years . It 's been useful for setting finish nails when there 's not room to swing a hammer or a hammer is n't at hand . It 's basically a nail set tip attached to a spring attached to a length of drill rod -LRB- all nicely machined of course -RRB- . You pull back the rod and let it go to drive the tip onto the nail . It 's a great design and could n't be simpler or more foolproof .
 I install molding every day . It 's the best way to set -LRB- choose your slang -RRB- wires , pins , brads , and finish nails . No hammer needed so it nearly eliminates ever pushing the joint out of whack that you just spent time aligning and nailing together .
 well for a long time i just thought this was a homeowner tool but a couple years ago i used one that a worker with me was using and now i will never not have one . make it so you do n`t have to always have a hammer and those spot ` s that are hard to reach cause of space you can get a clean set of a nail with out making more work for your self and avoid any damage of your item .
 I am big on tools that change the way I work ... . Make my my life easier . This thing is awesome . You will never pick up a hammer and nail set again . This little spring set has some force ! You also will never slip off a nail head again . Great for tight spaces and overhead work that was a pain to set the traditional way . You need this . Buy it .
 This is a really great tool , it 's a clever and compact nail set , it 's heavy-duty and works exactly as advertised . A must-have for any tool box .
 I had my doubts that something so simple would work so good . I have used it several times now and would definitely buy again .
 A buddy that I work with showed this to me when he got back to town a few months ago . His dad had given him one years ago and he has used it a bunch . I tried it out and I loved it . Sets finish nails and brads flawlessly . No bouncing off like a punch can , no hammer swinging at your freshly placed trim piece , man it is like magic . I was worried the spring would pinch my fingers but it has yet to do so . I ended up getting one for each of the guys on our crew to keep in their bag so can set nails with ease . Very neat little product !
 This tool is essential and I am glad I finally found one . Works great and sets nails without a hammer .
 This little tool is one you just have to have in your tool box ! It is so handy and leaves the piece you are working on looking finished , smooth and professional . I wish I had gotten this tool years ago , do n't YOU wait !!! SpringTools 32R12-1 1/32 to 2/32-Inch Combination Nail Set
 I love these nail sets . If you do any finish moulding work , you need one of these . Hammers can be so cumbersome after all . I 'm a carpenter , and I have to have at least 3 of these on hand
 I am a finish carpenter and I have used a a lot of tools , but this nailset is by far my favorite tool ever . As part of my job I install a lot of baseboard , crown , etc , using really hard woods . Most of the time the nail gun will set the nails , but every once in a while I will get a nail that does n't sink all the way.The reason I love the SpringTools nail set is that it allows me to do all of my work without having to carry a hammer . The Spring nail set does n't just work as well as a typical hammer and nailset , I have found that it works better . I can more accurately place the spring nailset without having to worry about it slipping off of the nail and putting a hole in the wood . Because of the spring , I fill like I am getting a stronger hit then a hammer can provide , without any added shock . The spring has the same affect as a deadblow.I have been using the same one for years , and it only has a small chip in the metal .
 I was a little skeptical when I first saw it listed , but I 'm a believer after using it . It 's surprising effective at driving finish nails and allows greater depth control than a hammer/punch . Since it has two different head sizes I 've replaced 2 nail punches with one in my tool belt . The spring is a good quality steel and has n't stretched so far . I can get it into places a regular hammer set up would n't reach , and I can keep it centered on the nail head better -LRB- even pneumatic nails -RRB- to reduce slippage and corresponding hole enlargement . This particular nail set is the perfect size for 95 % of what I do , so its been a great addition to my finish tools arsenal .
 Works like a charm drove home everything from a misfired pin to a 3 inch framing nail . Pop out door pins with ease . A must for anyone doing trim or touch ups .
 I first used one of these at a friends cabinet shop . I immediately had to have one . They work well , effortlessly . No hammer required . Such a ingenious design . Great for a gift that will please any guy or gal that does any wood working . Kinetic energy will drive a nail as little or as much as you determine . You might be ale to make one yourself , but I am sure it would end up costing more and not functioning as well . This is a simple good buy .
 In a tight space or with low clearance ? Have lots of nails to set ? Have delicate hardwood you do n't want to risk damaging ? All of these reasons are why I love my little spring loaded nail set . I picked one up at the woodcrafting shop when a guy came in and bought a dozen to give to his crews.Not much more to say except that I have to buy a new one b/c mine fell out of my bags and I really miss having it on me ... I guess I 'll spray this with yellow or orange paint so I do n't lose this one .
 This tool is great for setting base board nails . It recesses the nailwithout the usual hammer marks and makes the old nail setting tools obsolete.Nice tool to add to your carpenters tool set.Robert in Central Coast California
 The nail set is simply amazing ! I was skeptical at first , but the idea of having a hammer less nail set for countersinking nails in difficult places -LRB- baseboard / crown molding corners -RRB- made me buy it . The result - it works like a charm ! It counter sunk a dozen nails in various difficult spots before I could ever get a hammer in those places . And the best thing is that the spring nail set does an excellent , clean job with no hammer marks . Bottom line - it works great , made tough , powerful spring , and produces a flawless clean counter sunk nail quickly . Buy this item if you plan on doing any more finish carpentry in your life time . It will pay for it self the first time you use it !
 As a finish carpenter I always used a traditional nail set until I saw a painter using one of these . Do n't need a hammer and it will get into tight places . I have the full set and have even used them to back out 16d nails . Very handy and much better than a tradiional nail set .
 An ingenious product . Easy to use and makes sinking finish nails or brads that are n't buried a much faster and easier process . As a manager of a construction company , I highly recommend this product .
 A co-worker showed up with this at a jobsite one day , and everyone became hooked . Great idea that just simply works . It takes some getting used to , but once you get it you 'll never go back to the old hammer and nailset . Has two setter sizes one on each end which allow you to drive 16ga to 18ga nails no problem .
 They hit the nail on the head with this one ! I misplaced my last one so I ordered this right away . Of course then I found my old one . For $ 10 its a bargain .
 This is a very nice punch . I am a cabinet makerand this Nail set requires no hammer just pullback the spring and set your nail . It cost a little morethan a normal nail set but it is worth it .
 Nice tool over all only complaint is that they chip apart after awhile . Every painter should own one of these too .
 Why I lime is coze it make my work so easy ... And Do n't need a hammer to used it . Thnaks .
 This is a great little tool and in my opinion is a must have for any finish carpenter or cabinet maker . It is very easy to use and keeps the miss hits that happen when a typical nail set slips off of the nail head just as you hit it with the hammer . Sets the nail with dead accuracy most of the time on the first attempt . Bought a couple of extra just to have . Have given a few as quick small gifts to guys on the job .
 Since there were no other reviews I decided to guide others in their purchases . This lantern is good for someone wanting a lantern/fan combo . You can obviously find a better quality fan for the same price and a better quality lantern , but this combo gets the job done . Do n't expect a ton of light coming from this , but there is enough to roughly illuminate a room or tent so you do n't stub your toe . It is ideal for when the power goes out and you want some air flow when you sleep .
 This is your typial Rust-Oleum product . It goes on thick and protects . I used in on a JD deck . It takes weeks to cure hard but when it does its pretty good . The color is not an exact match but thats because its not a automotive type finish.If your looking to restore your tractor for show this is not the paint to use . If you are looking for protection and rust prevention , this is the paint to use !
 This is the best product and I could not find this bright orange color any where in the hardware stores . I will be ordering it by the gallons as I want to trim all 47 hotel windows with this HOT ORANGE color !!!
 Matches the color on my 51 JD B perfectly . And kills rust . What else do you need ?
 I painted a backhoe attachment for my 1910 with this paint , and durability is outstanding ! Very scratch resistant and easy to apply . The color dried just slighly lighter than the factory paint though . . not too bad , but you can detect a slight difference . It is acceptable though . I 'll buy it again when I need to paint more implements ! : -RRB-
 Fabric strength is sufficient -LRB- does not tear easily -RRB- and it appears to be good for its intended function , i.e. wrapping around perforated drain pipes to prevent silt from seeping in and plugging the pipes . I did not award 5 stars because I would have used a wider roll -LRB- 6 ft would have been ideal -RRB- if it had been available . I buried the pipes in crushed stone and wrapped the fabric around the outside of the stone layer to allow for better drainage . At 24 &#34; the fabric was not wide enough and so I had to overlap 3 runs for complete coverage . Other than that , very happy with the results . Drain worked great during last rain storm .
 These nut drivers are solid and work as expected . Good quality for the cost . Magnets are a handy feature to have .
 I have a very sharp knife and I am not an expert chopper , so I sliced my fingers a few times . After the last major slice due to clumsyness , I decided that I needed protection . When I started my seach , I saw that there were gloves out there that ranged from $ 10.99 -LRB- target -RRB- all the way to this Oyster Glv Oyster Glove which was a whopping ~ $ 140 ... so why did I pay more to get the Oyster glove?The cheaper gloves are not made out of metal , they are made out of fibers ... so I handle a lot of meat and fish ... not sure how clean they would be after repeated use . I also hate to wash things by hand ... the oyster glove can be placed in the dishwasher to get cleaned after using it which is a HUGE convenience factor for me.So most of you who know you want a metal glove will find that amazon has this oyster glove and another cheaper metal glove for like 80 bucks or something like that . The reason I bought the oyster glove is because of the wrist band ... that allows you to tighten the glove around your hand so that it does n't wiggly around , which is a HUGE benefit when wearing a protective glove.The glove fits my hand decently , although you have to be careful about the whole one size fits all theory . In regards to usage , it feels great and does n't get in the way which was something that initially concerned me . I also have plastic food gloves that I bought from costco that I wear around the gloves so I can switch from beef to chicken without having to wash it ... making it even that much more convenient.Aside from the wrist band that keeps the glove in place , I do not see any other difference between this oyster glove and the cheaper metal mesh glove that amazon sells . However , I recommend the oyster glove bc of the wrist band so that your glove does n't move around when you are using it ... just make sure the glove will fit your hand .
 I recently purchased this glove with the intention of using it as an oyster glove . I had a couple hesitations when I purchased it , as I am left-handed and therefore would be wearing it on my right hand . I also have pretty big hands and usually wear XL sized gloves so I was n't sure if it would be too small.The description says that it can be used on both hands . I thought this meant that you could simply turn it over and wear it backwards , however with this glove , you can simply turn it inside out and reverse the wrist snap to fit either hand . The glove fits perfectly on the right hand as a result and the adjustable strap is a nice feature , it 's also easy to turn around on the strap . The snap on the glove itself is double sided so that you can snap it either way.In terms of size , the glove is actually a little big on me especially around the bottom half of my hand , there is quite a bit of extra material that hangs loose on the opposite side of your thumb -LRB- below my pinky finger -RRB- , the fingers themselves fit perfectly with no discomfort at all.The one complain it have is the length of the seam that runs up the side of the glove to allow you to put it on , it comes up almost to the bottom of your pinky finger , so I took some steel wire and sewed three links or so shut . The end of the seam is double looped so you know it wo n't come apart.I used it to open a dozen or so Oysters and it works perfectly the best part is that its easily cleaned , I like to open Oysters under the running faucet so that any shell flakes wash away , with this glove you do n't have to worry about it getting grungy as you can use some dish soap and wash it up under the faucet after you are do n't quite easily . This is much better than the typical black rubber glove that you would normally use.The glove can also be used for cutting , chain mail is pretty fine and you would need a pretty sharp point to penetrate the loopholes , the glove is very well made and I tested it out against a sharp knife with no penetration or pain after hitting the palm of my hand with the blade of the knife . Probably not the best thing for the knife , but it gives you some confidence that you can cut without hesitation . I have not used it to chop or cut yet , there is n't much slack on the fingers themselves so you could definitely get pretty close to your fingernails when chopping or dicing with no worry of the knife snagging on the glove . I plan on using it for this purpose when the time comes and I have a lot of stuff to chop up.Can I say the $ 140 - $ 150 price tag is worth it ? Not sure but its a pretty sweet item to whip out and impress your guests . If you are used to wearing a rubber glove this one will not pad as much , as your essentially jamming metal loops into your hand when opening a shell , so it wo n't be as comfortable , but it does n't hurt that much.I hope this if helpful , as there were not many reviews online for the glove , and all of them were the same whether here on Amazon or Cooking.com affiliates.Greg
 Husband loves this . Really works as a safety measure when shucking oysters . Expensive but worth it .
 This is the second oyster glove ordered . -LRB- one for an acquaintance -RRB- . Both times I had fantastic service from this company.Thanks again .
 This glove is the great !!!! No cuting yourself here ! You can reaLLY DIG IN WITH THIS ONE !!
 Just a bit more difficult to install than a standard 2 - gang wallplate . Screwless is a misnomer as there are screws in your switch that are used to mount the baseplate but it is an attractive look after installing the snap-on cover plate . I would buy this item again and would recommend this wallplate to all who are looking for the screwless look .
 I was wary to use this after I read the one-star review . I bought the Lutron and this Leviton since the Leviton is cheaper and does n't have a slit all around it like the Lutron screwless plates I figured I 'd try the Leviton first.The Leviton installed fine and clamps on well enough to be close to the wall as a screwed plate or the Lutron would be -LRB- I already had a Lutron on elsewhere -RRB- . I do admit the Lutron is better quality and clasps stronger . With enough force , I can remove the Leviton with my hand -LRB- if I actually try to , not as an accident with normal use -RRB- and the Lutron must have something to pry the clips that holds it . The Leviton holds on well enough to not move/shake or come apart at all and I use the switch it covers multiple times daily so I think it is fine . This Leviton plate does n't leave a gap between the screwless cover and the screwed-in plate to clip it onto . There are 2 small holes on the bottom for a screwdriver . On the Lutron , there is a gap all around it , which is fine , but something to keep in mind .
 Very durable wall plate . You pay a little more for this product but it looks very nice . No screws will show when you snap the face plate on .
 Needed this specific bit to drill a precise hole for a lift kit installation . It was well packaged and after drilling four holes in a vehicle frame stayed sharp and showed no signs of wear .
 FINE QUALITY . MADE FROM GOOD MATERIAL . WORKED JUST AS EXPECTED , AND PERFORMED WELL . THIS PRODUCT IS NOT CHEAP LOW QUALITY IMPORT . PRICE WAS VERY REASONABLE .
 This bit performed extremely well in drilling in cast iron until it snapped in two . My bad . Enlarging a hole from 5/8 '' requires a reamer , not a bit . Not the tool 's fault I did not understand the difference until it was too late . The bit fetched up on finishing the 1-1/2 '' deep material in the first hole . The reamer had no such difficulty .
 These are perfect to fit in the car and carry with you while you travel.Or just keep them in the car .
 This item is exactly what I expected for the price offered . It is a very handy set to keep in a vehicle for quick repairs or as a tool set to do work when away from home .
 I have 3 of these tool kits . They are great !! I have one in my house , apartment , and in my truck . It easily accesible and has all the necessary tools to complete those minor fixes .
 we were looking for an all in one tool kit for household use . this kit had 90 % of what one might need at a very affordable price . It is great for a second home so you do n't have to haul a tool kit back and forth .
 This is a great product for the price . Strudy and just enough for the self-made handyman .
 This tool kit is a very good overall assortment of tools for small around the house jobs . The only tool not included is a pair of regular pliers .
 The only thing missing from this that I would find useful is a level . I like that everything you would normally need to do small jobs -LRB- hang pictures -RRB- or make repairs -LRB- loose bike pedal -RRB- are all together .
 Not the greatest quality but the price is right for a set of tools to keep in a vehicle or another part of the house far from the real tools in the garage . .
 Purchased as house warming gift , after helping install some appliances and finding they had NO TOOLS!This is a very good basic tool set to address basic fixes around the house .
 I really think this is a must for the homeowner or car owner . It has everything you might need for an emergency repair or a home fix .
 This is a solid toolkit to keep under your sink in case you need a hammer or screwdriver to hang some crap on the walls . And you should n't be buying tools on Amazon if you 're thinking of starting a serious construction project , dummy .
 This kit has most of the things which we need at home for any kind of reapir . excellent product and good price also .
 This repair kit was exactly we wanted at home with reasonable price and it came very fast .
 great gift for any adult to have in their home . No need for a tool box in the house , this does it all . If you need more than that you have to go to the garage for the BIG tools or hire it done .
 Product was exactly as described on-line . Shipping was prompt and in good shape . Product was given as a gift so I am not sure about the actual quality of the product ... but looked like it would hold up under occasional use .
 This dandy little LED pocket flashlight thingie seems to have been meant as a keychain light , so I compared it to 2 other , very wonderful keychain LED thingies
 This was an exact-fit replacement for my single handle Valley bathroom faucet . The plastic on the inside of the original handle stripped out causing it to be difficult to use . Since this was a good quality and otherwise functioning faucet , I decided to look for a replacement handle vs. bothering with the time and expense to replace the entire sink.The first faucet handle I ordered -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- matched appearance-wise , but I discovered that this was the `` old style '' Valley handle - those slide over the shaft and have a set screw in the side . My faucet was the `` new '' style , where the handle slides over the faucet and is attached by a screw underneath the Hot/Cold button on the top of the faucet.This item fit perfectly and not only works well , but enhanced the look of my faucet vs. the original handle , which was several years older than either of my children.So , to sum up , if you need the `` New '' style handle -LRB- your handle has a hole in the center and is attached by a screw there under the button -RRB- this item is what you are looking for.If your handle has a screw at the bottom on the side of the handle -LRB- not through the top -RRB- you will want the `` Old '' style Valley handle .
 These swivels rotate on two axes and allow your air hose to reach your air tool 's air input port from any angle without binding . This means you wo n't have to fight the stiffness of the hose while trying to hold or position the air tool . Once you have these , you 'll wonder how you got along without them . I 've installed them on almost all of my air tools.Make sure when you order these swivels that you order the correct size for your tool . They come in 1/4 '' , 3/8 '' and 1/2 '' NPT . These sizes refer to the inside diameter of the fitting . The most common size on hardware store air tools is 1/4 '' . The larger sizes are found on tools requiring substantial airflow to operate properly like large grinders.Also make sure if you have a high-flow air tool that you are n't using the tiny quick-connect fittings that seem to be the default on most hardware store air tools . These fittings have only a 1/4 '' air passage and will restrict the airflow and performance of a high-flow tool . You should also be using a minimum of 3/8 '' ID hose -LRB- 1/2 '' would be better -RRB- with the bigger tools if you want the performance you paid for . I use the 3/8 '' -LRB- P-Style -RRB- quick connectors on all my air tools and I use 1/2 '' hoses for most applications.Note that there are knock-offs of these connectors made by Dyna-Flo and some no-name manufacturers . While Dyna is a quality manufacturer of air tools , their swivel connectors are made of plastic and wo n't last as long as the Milton brand which are machined from billet aluminum . The others fail and start leaking at the seals in even light-duty use . I 'm replacing them all with Milton brand when they fail . Buy the Milton 's and you 'll be happier in the long run .
 Made it Switzerland . Carbide teeth . Good roller bearing . Cuts laminate flush to plywood without chipping if you go at a smooth pace . It takes a lot of laminate to make this dull , mine has n't started . Paid for itself about 100 times the first counter I did with it.Making your own counters can be scary . First you cut the shapes you need . Then you apply the contact cement under the laminate . Then you apply it to the plywood . Let both surfaces dry . Contact cement does n't stick to hands , but it sticks to itself . . like cement . You have one chance to lay it down just right . You will need at least one person to help position it right . But if you 've priced out laminate rolls and plywood compared to a finished product , you can save $ 800 easy on an average sized kitchen . You could screw up four times and still come out ahead . If just a corner gets touches , you can still peel it off , but if it 's all the way down and you notice it 's off . . it 's fixable but it will be a pain .
 This is a good filter . Not a 3 stage top of the line , but it does its job well . I could tell the difference right away in the taste of the water and ice .
 So I installed the undersink system from Home Depot back in 2009 , although the water in Denver is n't awful , this filter definitely improved the taste with the chlorine and other chemical reduction . Filters are readily available through either Amazon or the local folks if you need them in a hurry - the other reviewer that said this one did n't work must have gotten a bad unit , to the best of my knowledge , they are all manufactured by GE , so there should be no difference between the one you get from Amazon or the one you get from another retailer . . I did a bit of research on the different filters that were out there , and found that of the regularly available filters , it has the best specifications for getting rid of the nasties in the water . For general municipal tap water , you should be fine - I recommend switching them out more frequently than the 6 month mark , if you go that long , they get pretty nasty -LRB- at least with our water ! -RRB- which shows that it 's working to get rid of a whole bunch of stuff I 'd rather not ingest.Is it a reverse osmosis filtration system ? No . Duh . It 's a single stage filter that you can get up and running for under $ 100 with the kit , and can have installed in an hour or two depending on your skill level - it does that pretty darned well!My chief complaints with the filter are the flow rate -LRB- .5 GPM -RRB- , longevity -LRB- Really 3-4 months -RRB- , and the fact that it 's not going to work if there 's a serious problem with the muni water -LRB- Does n't do virus filtration , but will do cysts -RRB- - not a flaw , just something to know when you are getting into it.Since I 'd been using this filter for quite some time , I recently decided to try a different manufacturer to address the three issues I listed above , but wanted to toss my $ .02 in on the conversation .
 Our water comes from a municipal water supply that is of high quality , but I wanted to improve the taste and further reduce any potentially harmful chemicals . Our water district uses monochloramine to disinfect the water , which imparts a somewhat unpleasant odor and flavor . This filter does a perfect job of improving the taste , and at least according to its specifications , is removing VOCs , MTBE and metals . Because it 's single-stage , it probably would n't have a very long life if your water source was poor , but for finishing municipal water , it works great . I would recommend it highly for that purpose .
 Yes it 's expensive but it makes a big difference in the taste of our water and living in the Silicon Valley I am sure that there is a lot of ground water contaimination , we just feel better knowing this filter is between us and the tap water .
 We just bought a home and changed the filter and tasted the difference immediately after the prior homeowner said the filter had n't been changed in a while . This filter gives our drinking water a clean , crisp taste .
 I bought the Denali toolkit and added the 52 piece screwdriver set as well . My husband just loved it . Was a great sweetest day present . Now all his tools are in one place and wo n't get lost . Love the small screwdrivers with the magnetic heads - very useful since those screws are usually too small to handle .
 This assortment should be sufficient for most folks around the house . I have purchased these as gifts and they have been well received , especially for sets to be put in lake houses , RV 's , and for folks who are n't professional mechanics , but need a tool occasionally . I combined them with some of the drill bit assortment sets Amazon offers , and they make a nice combo . These are not professional grade tools , so do n't buy them if you make a living with tools . These are for the homeowner .
 I 'm a Denali tool fan . Since I only use my tools for day to day use , and not in a professional setting , I ca n't comment how well they would be for heavy duty use.This screwdriver set is almost perfect - all the parts are great , except for the mini screwdriver set ; the first thing I wanted to unscrew broke the screwdriver right away , the metal portion now just spins around in the handle .
 Tools perform as expected but it 'd be nice to actually get them in some sort of case rather than simply having them wrapped up in a styrofoam covering . Otherwise , great value .
 When I decided to put tip trays under my kitchen sink , I needed two more of these drawer pulls . Since it had been 3 + years since I had gotten all my hardware locally , I was n't able to get them here any more . I was thrilled to find them on Amazon and for a much less price -LRB- even with the shipping -RRB- than ordering them through my original supplier . They are the very same ones that I have so I 'm set !
 Ignore that guy who posted that `` Soft Link Mats are better '' He does n't know what he 's talkign about . These mats come with ALL the borders you need and are plenty thick . I 'm using them in my weight room . They will dent if you put a tredmill or HEAVY weight on them for a long period of time , but they do a good job at protecting my hardwood floor . You ca n't DROP weights on it as it will cut into the mat , but for stacking plates or using a bench or putting your curlbar , straight bar etc down , it 's perfect . I dead lift 350lb and put it back on the floor with no problems . Easy to clean , very soft and very cheap per square foot . Make sure you order enough , I ordered the 96sq package and needed ONE more package to finish my gym , so i had to pay additional shipping for the 24sq ft package . Not as robust as rubber gym matts -LRB- which cost 5 times the price -RRB- but a very good compromise .
 I ordered these mats on the basis of them being 24 '' x 24 '' they are NOT.The actual size is 221/2 x 221/2 . Since the add states they are 2 x 2 I ordered one package less than I should have and had to again buy another package . The cost was the same but they added shipping this time . If the add had been correct in letting you know the correct area that a mat covers approx 31/2 sq foot -LRB- not 4 sq foot -RRB- one could order the corrrect amount to cover an area needed . False avertising to say the least . Mats are OK and should come with borders but given the price of them I guess you get what you pay for .
 I was a bit concerned at first because I was going to use this flooring over carpet , but it works great . After buying some double sided carpet tape , it does n't slide and adds great absorbency for my aerobic workouts .
 Nice when you 're barefoot . Too bad there 's no easy way to seal the cracks between tiles . If liquid spills , it 's a bit of a pain to clean it up .
 mdse received quickly after order -- seems to work quite well at this point -- time will tell
 This is the final evolution of B&D ; 's 7.2 V series of Versapak drills . Like all the other power tool mfgrs , they moved on to higher voltage products with heavier and more expensive rechargeable batteries . The Versapak batteries are light weight , last several years , and fit in many other power tools and B&D ; appliances.For most DIY projects and for general use around the house , this is a great drill . The charge lasts long enough for most jobs - how often does the average guy drive deck screws all day long ? If I need more power , I get out my corded drill.The light is nice for my fading eyesight.The power indicator is a handy feature , too.If you 're a Versapak fan , like I am , you 'll like this drill !
 dont believe the other reviews on this pole sander . i was almost swayed by the negative reviews . i ordered it anyways , and it works great . it is no harder to use than any other inexpensive pole sander . the locking mechanism also works great . you will definitely get your $ 50 dollars worth .
 This is a wonderful product . First borrowed one from a friend and it worked so well I had to buy one for myself . This is an absolute must for anyone who is doing a little remodeling . Really does the job . My wife has asthma and this tool allows us to do remodeling without compromising her health .
 This is a pretty nice stainless steel/chrome kitchen faucet . It 's made of decent weight metals although the side sprayer is entirely plastic . I 'll admit it is very good chrome on plastic . Having other/previous Moen faucets , I feel confident for its longevity . This is a quality faucet with easy -LRB- single sink hole attached -RRB- installation with 3/8 water supply lines and snap-in connector for side sprayer.The only complaint I have is the handle seems a bit high and outstretched where I tend to be pushing down a little more than necessary . I guess some getting used to it .1 / 28/12 UPDATEThe side sprayer drips/leaks slightly when the water is turned on ... when I lift the handle the side sprayer will drip a couple of drops of water . First , I removed the side sprayer and flushed the line thinking there may be some small debris causing the problem ... still , a minor drip . Now I 'm using the sprayer more often thinking this may `` seat '' the seal or remove the initial silicone that Moen -LRB- website -RRB- states is used to keep the seal from drying before being used . If the problem persists , I will contact Moen for advice or possible replacement . I will update my review accordingly .2 / 20/12 UPDATEOkay , Moen 's website was correct that the minor leak from the side sprayer has subsided . I 'm happy this was a temporary situation but , still , this is a bit disconcerting . I have used and maintained many Moen faucets and valves with continued positive operation . Still , overall , I hold firm to my 4 star rating for this faucet .
 Purchased to replace a old leaking and corroded kitchen faucet . Installation was easy , even though I 'm not a plumber . Item was shipped promptly , the white finish is perfect and has no cosmetic blemishes , does not appear to be a factory seconds as I figured it to be . The supply lines are part of the faucet and are plenty long enough to reach the floor . Only possible problem I could see is if you have a older home that does not have shut off valves on your supply lines . this faucet requires the shut off valves due to the steel braded hoses . All lines go thru only one hole but still requires a 4 hole sink , the seal plate uses 2 of the holes to keep the faucet base from turning . Only regret is , , , I should not have waited so long to replace it .
 I 've had this faucet for about 8 months . Installation was fairly easy , except it did n't come with the installation tool that 's used to tighten the mounting hardware . Luckily , I 'm small enough that I fit under the sink and wedge myself behind the disposal to get the leverage to tighten it with a wrench.The faucet that came with my house was cheap and ugly . This was a significant upgrade compared to my old one . The faucet moves smoothly and works great . When I push the button on the sprayer , it diverts all of the water to the sprayer and the water pressure is great.It only gets 4 stars because the hose to the side sprayer is very stiff , making it hard to pull it out and it 's all plastic .
 The faucet is solid , works well , and looks great . I ca n't comment on the installation because a plumber did it for me . I would recommend this as a good value .
 I needed to replace an older Moen kitchen faucet that was about 10 years old . None of the big box stores really had white fixtures.I wrote to Moen to ask about the product and they got right back to me within a day.This is a great looking product , very well built and easy to install . For the price this was a good purchase and I highly recommend this faucet .
 I replaced this with an older Moen , which had a water filter built in it and loved it . Unfortunately , they discontinued it and I bought this model.It 's fine for it 's purpose . Design is sleek and I needed a white faucet , which is not readily available anymore . Moen has a great warrantee , and I used it on my old one few times , so there was no question why I would n't use Moen again . Wish they would bring back the old model .
 Moen 7430W kitchen faucet is good product at fair price . Easy installation and expect long usage without problems . Very good response from Moen support on all questions.This moen kitchen faucet has been installed for about 5 months . It was easy to install and works great . Wife really likes the faucet.Easy to keep clean , etc. .
 Replaced old faucet that was 12 years old with the same brand . No problems at all . Very nice looking faucet
 This is a good faucet , and one of the few around in white color.The tendency is now for everything stainless , which my wife doesnot like because she thinks our kitchen would look like arestaurant . So , this was the best option we could find .
 I have only had two glue guns , this one and a rechargeable mini that I bought at Costco . This heats up much faster -LRB- probably all plug-ins do -RRB- . It has a built in stand that works , and the trigger seems fine . I have had it over a year , and used it occasionally without problems . It is dual temperature , though I ca n't see why one would n't always use the highest temperature setting . I ca n't make a more nuanced review because I do n't know about glue guns , but I always find it reassuring to have at least one review . I did n't give it 5 stars because it does n't instantly melt the glue - I 'd say it is about 10 seconds to get going , and a minute till easy flow - and I do n't know enough to assert any glue gun is 5 stars .
 Proto tools are some of the best industrial tools you can buy - bar none - period . Do not let the name Stanley-Proto fool you . Stanley owns Proto true enough . Stanley also owns MAC Tools . But these tools are NOT Stanley tools as sold in box stores - not at all . Proto is very strongly comparable to MAC Tools actually , with the main difference that I can see being MAC Tools are sold off a truck , while Proto Tools are sold in tool stores . These industrial line professional tools are absolutely some of the best designed and constructed tools available from anyone anywhere . I have used many of them on occasions , and always been impressed with their quality .
 Overall , these bulbs are good replacements for typical incandescent flood lights . The amount of light they put out is comparable.These are also the first fluorescent flood lights I have found which work with dimmer switches . So a couple plusses in their favor.There are a couple important differences between these bulbs and a typical incandescent bulbs :1 -RRB- they are more expensive2 -RRB- they have about a 1/2 second ` pause ' when turning on . When hooked up to the same switch , an incandescent bulb will come on first , by maybe a half second . More of a small annoyance than anything , but the expectation is immediate light when you flip the switch3 -RRB- there is a ` warm up ' time before these bulbs emit their full light output . Probably 90 seconds before they are 100 % . They start at probably 70 % .4 -RRB- these bulbs work with a dimmer switch , but the levels are different than a typical bulb . They probably range between 20 % and 100 % , whereas a typical bulb would go from 1 % - 100 % . Overall , I am satisfied . They use less energy , put out the same light and work with dimmers .
 While these bulbs do not dim as much as you may be used to with incandescent bulbs , I find they provide a light that is plenty `` warm '' enough . I have experienced no flickering at all . I prefer these bulbs to the incandescent bulbs I had before , which were too intense . Overall , I 'm very happy with them !
 I 'm happy with these bulbs which I use in my recessed lighting . The dimming works just fine , they do n't get quite as `` dark '' as old-fashioned bulbs before simply turning off but that does n't bother me . They provide enough light to help my guests find their way to the bathroom at night without being so bright as to keep them awake . I 've gotten about a year and a half out of my bulbs with fairly regular use and they still work great . The package says they last 4 years with 4 hours of use per day , mine see 2-4 hours of use per day . I rarely get what the package advertises though . Play it safe and keep your receipt in case these bulbs die too soon .
 I REALLY LIKE THIS STUFF BECAUSE THIS FIT TO OUR WINDOW 'S SCREEN.MOREOVER , IT CAME ON TIME BEFORE WINDY AND WE ALREDY INSTALLED AND LOOK REALLY NICE TOO.TKS ...
 I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS STUFF , REACH BEFORE I WAS EXPECTING , GOOD PRICE AND I RECOMMENDED IT VERY MUCH
 I purchased this after destroying a cheap model I got as a freebie with another purchase . While it has seen limited use at this point the tool is much more solid than my previous unit and performs well . I was able to strip a variety of wire sizes -LRB- including the AWG 10 that killed my previous one -RRB- .
 I can say enough about this tool . Works well with all gauge size with out any hiccups . Every house should have one of these .
 Definitely worth the few extra $ over the cheap ones in the stores . This makes any wiring project several times more easy .
 just make sure you 're intended use is NOT smaller gauge -LRB- less than 20 AWG -RRB- Teflon coated wire . The Teflon insulated wire is just too `` slippery '' for the clamp to hold on to . Works really well for everything else I 've used it on .
 I 've used this many times now for various automotive wiring projects and it really does a great job . I 've never used one of these style strippers/crimpers/cutters before , so it did take some getting used to . But now that I 've gotten to know it , it has really reduced the time I spend on these projects . It 's kind of big and bulky if you 're not used to it , and is hard to get into any kind of tight space , but if you 're doing the job right , pre-attaching the connectors , and using the ideal lengths of wire then it 's a breeze to use . It did come with little , stick-on dots to color code what size crimper you need for various connectors , but those little dots came off with about an hour of use . A simple , one sheet instruction manual would have been nice too , but the mechanically inclined should have no problem figuring out how it works . I have n't used any of the larger sized crimpers yet so ca n't comment on them , but the smaller , one-size crimper , the strippers , and the cutters have all worked perfectly for me now that I 've gotten used to it . Seems built to last and I expect to get a ton of use out of these things .
 I bought these stripper/cutters about a year ago and have used it enough I think it 's time to write a product review . For the cost I was surpised how well it performed and how durable it 's proven to be . It works exactly has promised with one caveat -- stranded wire . Until you get a feel for the tool stranded wire such as speaker wire will lose some of its strands when you strip off it 's casing . This proved most problematic when I was dealing with EL wire since it has only 2 stands -LRB- corona wires -RRB- needed to carry the current to make it glow . If you cut through them accidentally your only choice is to cut off the bad section and strip it again . When I 1st got these strippers I was restripping the same wire a lot , with practice I developed a feel for the tool and now it 's a rare occurence . They work well on small -LRB- I 've used them on as small as AWG 22 -RRB- wires and large . I 'd strongly reccomend them .
 I have used the wire cutter and crimper part of these strippers - I doubt they do that very well and is n't really what these are meant for . But for stripping wires , it does a great job . I 've used it to strip the jacket off of various wire types -LRB- CAT5 , in-wall speaker wire , various marine wire , etc. -RRB- and it never nicks the jackets of the wire inside . It just does a great job overall.My only complain might be the adjuster moves a little too easily and wire jackets sometimes need brushed out of the unit . Very small complaints for sure .
 Well , you can tell that I love this tool . I can not believe that I have gone for so long with the standard stripper . Faced with a wire of unknown gauge , you stare at the holes in your stripper hoping to find the right one so as not to nick the wire , etc. -LRB- I am not an electrician , so wire stripping is something I do a few times a year -- wire stripping , I mean . -RRB- Then , depending on the thickness of the insulation , you pull and tug , and well , you know.But these from Neiko are SO easy , SO precise . I 'm a stripping fool now ! Get them .
 I was looking for a general purpose wire stripper for use around the house . In a any given week I can go from doing household wiring to electronic repair and needed a stripper that was versatile . So far this product performs better than expected . It is easy to use and cleanly removes insulation on a variety of wire sizes large and small without damaging the wire . I 'm very happy with the purchase and would definitely buy again.I would have given the product a five star rating , but the product documentation could be better . I can see where some additional instructions would be helpful to the novice for making any adjustments to the stripper . From reading previous reviews on this product it was mentioned that there are several YouTube videos available which some people may find useful.Other than that , I am extremely satisfied .
 This is the best wire stripper I 've ever used . This device is as useful as it is simple , it has made my electrical work easier and faster in every way .
 Get on You-Tube and access ` Neiko Self Adjusting Wire Stripper 01924A ; -LSB- ... -RSB- is the internet link . A minute and twenty seconds into the video you will see how to adjust or ` move ' the red ` wire length stop ' out of the way entirely . THAT solved the problem I was having stripping heavier-gauge wire . Other reviewers noted the same problem and I suspect this would solve those issues as well.The fact this tool comes without ANY instructions is absurd but the tool itself is masterfully designed and works flawlessly . The ` crimper ' part of the tool is a bit difficult to use for butt end connectors but it DOES work . Wire stripping is it 's forte and it does that far better than any stripper I 've ever used.And do n't forget about that troublesome ` wire length stop ' . There will be times when you 're doing multiple strips and this will save you considerable time in making those a uniform length .
 This unit works very well with both thin and thick wire . I 've used it with hard vinyl insulation and soft Silicone insulation and it strips them all.The only less than awesome performance is when trying to strip a very short bit of insulation . Sometimes it does n't work in that case.I had one from GB for years and it finally gave out . This one looks very similar and works just as well.Recommended .
 I 'm a non professional professional that does n't have a big budget for tools but know the importance of decent tools . This tool fits my needs ; -RRB-
 This wire stripper is slick ! Perfect strips on end of wire and can be used to strip a splice in the middle of wire . Works great .
 I 'll make this review short ; it 's best for this easy-to-use tool.To strip a wire , first just put the end of the wire across the stripper head . Open the stripper , and there your wire is stripped .
 well there is one thing i have to say for something made in Taiwan i have to say this i a nice tool i am a marine and do n't like non american tools one thing is most of the products that are made are china or taiwan and this tool is better than expected i was suprised at the speed it works one thing i have to say is the plast on the handles should be rubber but you get what you pay for the tool is a nice quality tho
 Delivery time is as promised . There is no instruction booklet or any kind . I tried and found that if you want to strip out more plastic then you need to take out the red plastic gauge in order to get a longer strip .
 I never used an automatic wire stripper before this . It is awesome . I showed my buddy now he wants one .
 I have a lot of Neiko product due to it being price economical . With the stripper overall its a great product but sometimes you have to try 2 or 3 times for it to actually strip , but this was on heavy duty 12/14 gauge single core wire , so this might be the reason .
 Before getting this tool , I have been stripping wires with a utility knife . It usually works , though sometimes it cuts too deep and cuts through inner wires of multi-wire cables like CAT5 , or stranded wire and some strands get cut off . It 's time consuming to strip wire this way.I finally broke down and got one of these . Wow ! It makes stripping wires fast , easy , accurate , and repeatable . I tried it on solid and stranded wire from # 14 house wire to the stranded wires inside CAT5 - all fast and flawless . An adjustable strip gauge is perfect for when having a repeatable strip for a critical length . The crimper and cutter are just more gravy.Basically , it seems to do everything it 's supposed to do , and does it well . So what about the things it does NOT supposed to do ? I tried it on the PVC casing of 3-wire # 14 house wire . It does n't fit into the jaws , so obviously that does not work . But it does strip the wires inside . I tried some very thin stranded hookup wire with a tough , slippery outside , and it could not get a purchase on that . These are the only things I have found so far that it could not do , and after all , it is not advertised to do these things.I tried it with the casing of CAT5 . Flawless , and no damage to the wires inside ; strips the stranded wire inside just fine too . Old 4-wire telephone cable
 I bought these because I had a budget , and did n't want to exceed it . My dad has a set of Klein self-adjusting strippers , and after he used this set , he keeps asking to borrow them . They have worked flawlessly , and in the 2-3 weeks I 've owned them we have stripped over 500 wires of various sizes . I recently used them to strip RG-6 wires -LRB- just the outer sheath part -RRB- and even though other reviews say larger wires do n't work well , I had 100 % success ; I never removed a bit of the braided section . I originally bought them to strip my rc plane wires , which it works well with , even the super small wires . I highly recommend this product , and when I need a new set -LRB- or a second set -RRB- I will order them again without question.As a side note , these look and feel almost identical to the `` big store '' wire strippers . Honestly , I 'm willing to bet they are all made in the same place and re-branded .
 Neiko Tools Ultimate Self-Adjusting Wire & Cable StripperI use professional grade strippers at work . I wanted a pair for home use . When these arrived I was unsure weather these would work well . I was surprised that they work quite well .
 They work and they are of excellent quality ! They also have an adjustable tension knob for smaller gauge wires . What more needs to be said ?
 Check Youtube for a review on this . Without written instructions one would not intuitively know how to use this product
 This is very similar to Irwin Tool 's wire stripper -LRB- I think the same company makes them with different names -RRB- . You 'll find a video demonstration at Irwin 's web site that 'll make up for the lack of instructions with the Neiko tool . < ... > Once you figure them out , they work very well . Or , if you want the Irwin tool , Amazon has that as well : Irwin Industrial Tools 2078300 8-Inch Self-Adjusting Wire Stripper with ProTouch Grips
 I 've only used mine a handful of times stripping of 18 gauge wires for my trailer lights . One thing to note , you MUST dump out out the stripped insulation or it wo n't grab right . And as others have said , there are no instructions at all.The little brass knob is to adjust for the size of wire I 'm sure , but I have no clue how to adjust it .
 I am an amatuer -LRB- not a professional -RRB- . At the time of this review , I had only used this product for one wiring project -LRB- stripping wires for connecting an aftermarket car stereo harness -RRB- . This tool made the stripping job a breeze . The tool works as advertised . In general , the construction of the product is good and the lever system works great in reducing the pressure needed in the palm of your hand . They do call it `` pro-grade '' ... not sure if they really mean it is for professionals . Will the tool continue to perform the same way if used very frequently ? Only time will tell ...
 These wire strippers were a godsend during my latest home theatre installation . I 'm very ignorant with tools , so I could have used directions -LRB- none whatsoever are included -RRB- , but even I figured it out without too much trouble . They worked great .
 These strippers are fantastic . I would have rated it at 5 stars but there are no instructions with them . I am very happy with my purchase and bought my son a pair . He shares my enthusiasim .
 This is the best -LRB- and least expensive -RRB- wire stripper I ever had . Works great on all types of wire . The built in snipper is a bonus .
 After several months of using a regular wire stripper , and bruising and tiring my hands , I decided to give one of these devices a try . I thoroughly researched the internet and decided that this one had the best reviews for the price . I just tried it , and am very pleased . It strips wires very easily , comfortably , and quickly . I 'll never go back to the old fashioned way of stripping wires . One negative is that the dials on the device have no explanation , so I do n't know what they 're used for . Of greater concern is a serious design defect -- the cable crimpers are unnecessary and are placed right where one would grip the tool and squeeze ... more than once I 've caught my thumb in between them and gotten a cut or a blood blister ... I 'm going to have to file them down and wrap them in electrical tape in order to avoid getting injured in the future . Still , I 'd buy the tool again regardless .
 I am a professional mechanic and I love this stripper ... for some reason the red plastic stop was in the way of the wires that I was trying to strip , so I removed it.it works great and the cutter is very good also.For the price it is an awesome stripper .
 I bought these to put together my home theater -LRB- stripping wires , etc. -RRB- and they were definitely a great help for a complete newbie . They worked as expected -LRB- no need to look at gauges , etc. -RRB- . Unfortunately , there was no guide or manual so it took me a few minutes to figure out . Maybe I 'm an idiot , haha , but it would have been helpful just to have a few pictures of how to use this .
 Luckily I found a video on the web that showed how to use this for wire stripping - as it is not obvious and the product comes with no instructions . But , I 'll tell you - as a guy that does a lot of home wiring , this product makes wire stripping fast and accurate - even in confined spaces . It works for all size wires and makes it easy to adjust the amount of wire you want to strip and thus can strip each wire at a consistent length -LRB- very useful for applications where the device to be wired &#34; expects &#34; a certain length of bare wire - typical with many wall switches -RRB- . This is a great tool !
 Works well once you learn the finer details of how to use it . Initially , I was having issues stripping 12-14 gauge electrical wire , sometimes it would strip , sometimes it would n't . Turns out , once you grip the wire , you have to bend it up around the other side . Once I discovered that trick , it almost always strips the wire on the first try . No short manual included which spells this out .
 The stripper works well -- there is a tiny knob on it to adjust . . something . . but no instructions included so I do n't know what it adjusts ... But other than that , it works wonderfully .
 After a bit of adjusting , it works wonderful!If you are doing bread boarding its a very handy tool to quickly strip wires .
 Very good wire stripper at a fair price . . Easy to use and very well made . A + + + . I would recommend to a friend .
 This thing is so cool ! Best I 've ever seen . Better than anyother design , and way better than using a knife or pliers !
 I got these due to the great reviews I saw and I was very curious about them . I am very happy with my purchase . These were very helpful when I was installing my surround system for my living room .
 This is one of those items where is pays to spend a little more $ . I 've used this stripper quite a bit it 's so much easier to use than the cheapie HF tools.Whether you buy this stripper or another , I say pay more and get a quality stripper ! ; - -RRB-
 I gave a 5 stars because this is an amazing tool really easy to use and I do n't think anyone would have any problems with it so I can recommend anyone to buy this item
 You can usually tell when a tool is well made , and this is definitely one of them . It feels solid in your hands and the action is smooth , consistent , and precise .
 I have to say these are the best out of maybe 20 different pairs of all kinds I 've owned over the years ! Very nice action and feel very well built . Also the larger handles are perfect with my large hands . I stripped some 28 and 30 awg wire with them as well with no troubles . The insulation was a tad brused by the gripper treds , but I think this can be handled with a little tape on the grippers for very fine wires.I 'm a very happy camper , well worth the price !
 Yeah it 's that good ... I was amazed at how easy it stripped the wire , despite the simple design . I 'm surprised that they were even able to apply for a patent for such a simple mechanism . It even strips Teflon 20AWG wire , -LRB- 24AWG does n't work though -RRB- Of course , it also did n't cost $ 140 .
 Pro
 I could n't ask for a better wire stripper . Had no problem handling all the gauge wires it says it handles . Nice clean cut without nicking the strands of wire beneath the insulation . Comes with no instructions . Gets my 5 stars .
 I bought this to replace my old , yet cheaper pair I got from a local hardware store years ago . I am a computer technician for a large company and I needed something that would help me strip faster , and easier than what I had . Well , I found it . This one is built better and strips wires very well . I would recommend this for any hobbyist , professional , or for use around the house . Much better than the old single edge razor blade or box cutter . It has trouble with very small wires , it tends to break them , but my old pair could not handle them either . This tool took on wires my old unit could not handle , so I am pleased . The price is pretty reasonable too .
 Was very impressed by the quality and most importantly the functionality , , it works perfectly every time . . the only thing against is that small red plastic crossing under the jaws . . it kinda interfers with the electric cables , but u can just unbolt it if u want ... other than that . . perfect .
 I just bought some new speakers and I needed to put some banana plugs on my cables . After looking at what was available on Amazon , I purchased this model based on the reviews and the fact that it looks unique . The red color also matches my FACOM tools!The last time I tried to strip some speaker cable , the ten dollar model I bought at Home Depot cut the cover as well as some of the copper wire strands . It was not a clean and uniform process . I was not happy with that tool and I thought you had to spend a lot of money for a tool that could do the job right . That was until I used this Neiko model.This model did not come with any directions but I found a YouTube video that might help
 It has worked properly on every wire I have tried from small 20 gauge to the double coated 12 gauge . The length stop is both handy and easily adjusted . Forget about crimping terminals with it though , the crimp dies are so close to the handle you would need to be a body builder to get them tight enough .
 We have been using the same type of stripper for several years . These are much better price and do the same thing . Tried on 10 GA wire and worked perfect.Also tried on 12 GA solid copper and never missed a lick . Use daily in RV repair and in shop . . Nice to have a quick way to strip a wire . Especially for us old guys who need all the help we can get . Thanks for great service and great product .
 What a great product does exactly what is says . Great for insulated speaker wire that I did and I was able to complete the job in less than half the time without damaging any of the wires . I purchased 4 different ones at the same time because I didnt know which one would work and this one tops the other 4 .
 I found this thing almost by accident , I was just looking for some nice wire strippers , but this thing is absolutely amazing . I installed a whole new audio system in my car , and would not have been able to do it without this thing!The only bad thing is , it does n't come with instructions , but you can find videos on youtube on how to use it . -LRB- It 's pretty simple really , but odd if you 've never done it -RRB-
 I have been involved in electronics all my life , and I 'm an electronics engineer . Wire stripping has always been somewhat problematic , the non-automatic strippers tends to nick the wire or break a strand , while the automatic ones usually have a blade that has half a dozen or so holes you have to select from depending on the wire size which is annoying , and sometimes the hole you want is n't there . This tool has a universal blade that will cut all common sizes 10 to 24 AWG and even smaller , it does n't nick the wire or break strands , its easy to use and will even strip two wires at a time . I was embarrassed when an amateur brought this tool over one day ; where has it been all my life ? It is the best stripper you will ever acquire .
 This is probably the easiest wire stripper you will ever use . I 'm dead serious . For the price , you can not buy a better wire stripper/cutter . It takes very little energy to strip a large number of wires . It can even strip even extremely thin wires . Just go buy it right now .
 Well , they have striped all the wires I have tried , oh , 1mm to 4mm , and I have done up to three wires at once , but its tough to get them to all strip . Two at a time is definatly not a problem if you get them even . The crimpers on them are worthless as you already have to pull against springs to close the crimping section , they are about 2-3 inches below the hinge ; being between the handles it is very difficult to get the wire to stay inside the connector while positioning it on the crimper.The construction appears solid , and the wire cutter works alright . The real beauty is not having to position the wire in a certain slot and with one quick pull , the wire is striped .
 The photo shows the wire -LRB- s -RRB- being stripped passing straight through the clamp and cutter . That works perfectly most of the time . However , sometimes you 're faced with wires that have particularly slippery insulation which can sometimes be pulled through the clamp as the jaws are opening . The `` solution '' is to bend the left side of the wire -LRB- the side being clamped -RRB- down 90 degrees . I 've gotten into the habit if swinging it down and holding it against the handle of the stripper as I squeeze . Do that and you 'll get perfect results every time .
 This is the best wire stripper I have used and I have used a lot of different manual and automatic models . One of the best features that most other wire strippers are missing is the length guide . This lets you strip multiple wires to the same length from 1/4 inch up to what appears to be 3/4 inch . This is a very handy feature for large projects . The stripper itself preforms very well , and has not nicked or strained one wire that I have used in it . It has even been able to strip the shielding of of Cat5e .
 this wire stripper works as advertised - it 's slightly larger than i thought for a three-use tool -LRB- it also cuts wire & crimps some connectors -RRB- but making precise strips will prove useful with electronic projects .
 I was n't expect this product to work on CAT5 cable , but it did . It works extremely well . It can do what I want plus more . What a bargain !
 This wire stripper is a Taiwanese design that won an invention award a few years ago . The main draw is its ability to adjust to different gauges automatically . This feature does work well in practice as long as the wire is not too thin , and the construction , though not as precise as the best German or Japanese tools , is of decent quality.My only complaint is the lack of an instruction sheet in the package . The mechanism here is novel , so even though the tool itself is extremely simple to use , one picture of it in operation would have been helpful in clearing all uncertainties in the mind of a new user . Fortunately , such a photo is available at the Amazon site .
 This tool is great for picking up metal objects inside other metal areas ! While installing a spoiler on the trunk of my car , my husband dropped metal screws inside the metal liner of the trunk lid . Impossible to get the screws without the tool !! The plastic covers the magnet end and allows you to insert it inside a metal object . Then push the plunger to activate the magnet end . Voila ! You 've got your missing item ! We both love it !
 I use these on hand drills and my old Powermatic drill press . When you are done wasting money on Big Box junk and are ready to spend to get quality bits , then look no further . ` Nuff said .
 Excellent customer service . The shower door catch was exactly what I needed and came in a very timely manner .
 Replacement was a perfect match to the original that was on the furnace . Everything fit perfectly . Would reccommend this product to anyone needing a replacement .
 Overall I gave it a 4/5 . I like it because it can be sanded like butter and stained like its actually wood , if not better ... I used it on a Mahogany wood guitar body that I had made , to fill a few cracks that were between the neck and the control box ... The neck part works fantastic ! stained perfectly , but the control box part , there was a problem , It just didnt want to stay , there was no stain or finish on it before I put it on but Every time I did it kept on cracking in parts once it dried , other than that , awesome product !
 Used this to repair the leg on a wooden chest that had stripped out of its mount . I set the mount back in place where it was before it tore out of the piece of wood it was drilled into , filled the mount with wax paper and then squeezed in the filler . I let it set for 24 hours and it 's as good as new.The product is WHITE though . For some reason I thought wood filler would be `` wood '' colored . Anyway , it 's sandable and paintable , so no worries . The plastic nozzle is a little bit of a pain , since you have to pick the appropriate size to cut off the end . I tried to use a needle to poke a tiny hole , but you really need to cut the tip off for it to come out right .
 best wood filler I have ever use to fix small crack . fill in the crack , sand it and spray paint .
 Many of my furniture projects are prefinished white shelving , assembled with small brads from an air nailer which leave tiny depressions . This product fills them easily and they disappear not needing touchup paint if you swipe across with a damp paper towel . If you are lucky enough to get fairly new product , it will come out of the tube with a little effort . Like most , what I usually end up with is older and impossible to squeeze out . Not to worry - I cut the bottom end off and squeeze it into a glass makeup jar that has an airtight lid , then use a tiny spatula to fill the nail holes . I make them out of an eye makeup sponge - just remove the sponge and you have a flexible miniature spatula :o-RRB- What I 'm using right now was in my garage for 3-1/2 years . Tried the microwave trick , did n't work , neither did pliers LOL Impossible to squeeze any out at all . Once I removed it from the tube it 's easy as pie to apply tiny amounts with the applicator .
 Read some bad reviews about it being impossible to get out of the tube , but bought this anyway , because I wanted a cheap wood filler in white.It has exceeded my expectations . It came out of the tube very easily , so I think maybe the other reviewers may have gotten a very old tube , or possibly some batch of tubes had their seals compromised and dried out , who knows . If you got a bad tube , try returning it for exchange.Filled in the hole . Sanded easily . Great consistency and easy to work with .
 I like that it has the pointed tip so I can fill the wholes easier ! And it worked great for what I needed it for !
 I had a larger area to repair , maybe the size of a half dollar , so I cut my tube with a larger hole and it came out just fine . Used a putty knife to smooth and let it dry then sand .
 Though initially , the contents were difficult to get out of the tube . I cut the size larger and it was easier to come out . People have to understand that it is supposed to be thick as that makes the quick drying time allowing for quick sanding . I used this on chair rail for a bedroom to fill nail holes and corners . It works great to fill the holes and sands down really nicely . I would buy this again for future products . I used a combination of my finder and a putty knife for application . It washes off easily from both .
 I have Herringbone style wood floors.I lift dumbbells.I placed down mats.Nonetheless , the dumbbells have left indentations in the herringbone floors . Varying depth and length -- from perhaps an inch long , a quarter inch wide , and a 1/4 inch depth , to a half inch long , a half inch wide , 1/8th depth , to smaller , and so on.I like a nice floor.I have tried filling them with simple wood glue , surrounding each with tape , leveling off with a card , letting dry , and coloring with a permanent furniture marker . Not bad.I then discovered these colored wood fillers , which , if you buy a few different colors , it seems you should be able to mix up to get a decent simulacrum of grain using the same method -- tape around the hole , fill , level , dry . May still need a bit of touching up.I have three -- mahogany , golden oak , walnut . We shall see this weekend.Any other bright ideas feel free to suggest . No lectures on sanding the whole floor . I ai n't gon na do it .
 Seems to be good construction and finish . The spring holding the cover closed is sufficiently strong to provide a good seal . The hinged cover does not flip all the way up , so if you have a great big electrical plug , then it may cause some clearance problems . I 've been plugging in power tools , electric pressure washer , elecric Toro blower , Shop-Vac and other items with no problem . Comes with screws and gasket . It was an exact replacement for the original , which it should as outlets are standard sized . I ordered three of these covers and feel they were well worth the price . I will comment that I was specifically looking for a bronze or brown color to blend in with the brick of my house and this product does blend in just as I wanted .
 I am satisfied with the product , not as it is going to work because it is a gift , but it seems very good to me
 the product worked GREAT until a rain storm when the ` starter bulb ' -LRB- fuse -RRB- burned out !! now FLOWTRON will not HONOR their TWO YEAR `` Limited '' Warranty . the unit is just two months old . had to purchase a new starter bulb @ $ 2.32 plus $ 8.95 shipping . the unit is not wired together safely - they just use tape not wire nut or other approved electrical code or common sense to connect the electrical connections - just fiber glass reenforced tape , not electrical tape !!!! just repurchase their products & not to worry about their TWO YEAR WARRANTY !!!!!
 I ordered it . I paid for it . You shipped it . I got it . End of story .
 -LRB- PS 2010 -- there is now a better attractant that attracts more kinds of mosquito . So this product is perhaps obsolete . -RRB- Can be placed in any type of mosquito killer or catcher . Just place anywhere that the air flows around it . This is the best buy with Amazon free shipping . -LRB- Other suppliers will charge shipping for each small package . It adds up . -RRB- This may be smaller than your original cartridges . However , no matter how big a cartridge is , it can not last much longer . It is better to buy the cheapest cartridge and replace it more often . And Flowtron is a name brand , not some unknown manufacturer.I keep 2 of these cartridges in each mosquito trap , as follows . Twice a month , the oldest cartridge is thrown out , the other is moved to the back , and a new one is placed in the front . In my experience , Octenol may be more significant for catching the mosquitos than CO2 , LED lights , UV lights , etc.NOTE
 The Flowtron lamp does n't work at all to get rid of the mosquitoes without these cartridges.They 're great!Just make sure that you paste it so that the holes on the cartridge are exposed because my boyfriend did it the other way around and could n't figure out why it did n't work until I got a closer look at it !
 We bought this mosquito trap which used these octenol cartridges -LRB- mosquito attractant -RRB- . I was constantly amazed at how effective the trap is . I was cleaning the machine twice a week so that it did not get too plugged.We enjoyed a summer on our deck without mosquitoes.I did follow the trap placement recommendations in the directions , which I am sure is crucial.Anyway
 We live on 1/2 acre w/2 pools behind our house , so I purched the Flowtron Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges for the Flowtron 80-Watt . This unit has performed wonderfully ! Our family was tired of spraying w/a mosquito repellent just to go outside even for a brief moment w/out being swarmed by mosquitos so this was just what we needed . Best purchase for some relief . Higly Remommended !!
 This product works very well and for me , a person who has the consummate `` come hither '' scent to mosquito 's , to say that is profound ... buy it , use it , it works .
 I have only used two of these as of this date but I have found mosquitos attached to both of them so it appears to work .
 I placed the cartridge in side the fan area of machine . You have to be careful not To expose the cartridge to Pets Or small children . If your Mosquito trap works , and you need a little boost this may help .
 I got this to attract bugs and they do . This with my zapper all i hear all night is zap zap zap . Cant sleep because it works so damn well .
 it was nice to have a couple of extra cartridges around so when they need replacement they are right at hand
 works well , but would be nice if it lasted longer . I suggest buying two packages at a time due to the short life .
 I used this with my Flowtron 80 and had great results . It works . They last more than a month and my mosquito problem is solved .
 I live in the country , and we have a big mosquito problem this year . I 'm used to hearing a `` zap '' from the bug zapper now and then in the evening , but it seems to attract mostly moths and beetles . I added one of these mosquito attractant packs today . I have to say I really was n't expecting much . Right now , there is an almost constant sizzling sound from the zapper and there is a swarm of mosquitoes around it . I really ca n't believe how effective this little cartridge is ! It 's kind of enjoyable to sit and watch the light show as the little bloodsuckers get zapped ...
 Flowtron MA-1000-6 Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges -LRB- 6-Pack -RRB- I was very skeptical that this product would work . But it did . I will be sure to put myFlowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- out withFlowtron MA-1000-6 Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges -LRB- 6-Pack -RRB- the first thing next spring to get a jump on those pesty critters . I would recomend these products to anyone .
 Excellent product ... needed refills for my Nosquito zapper
 This product really helps keep the Mosquito 's down on my property . I have 3 horses and 4 kids and the mosquito 's were a real problem for us . We use 2 cartridges at a time and make sure we change them regularly - but I notice a significant difference in the bugs . Great buy ! Worth the money , better than an ER visit with a kid that 's allergic to Mosquito bites !
 Buying these in a 6 pack from amazon is significantly less expensive than the alternative of 1 at a time . I can find them that way at the big box retailers or hardware stores for about 10.00 a hit . However it pisses me off that something the size of a stick of gum can cost 6.00 each . Now if they are squeezing the juice from insects I 'm OK with it .
 Good quantity at a good price . I use two Flowtron PowerTraps . I certainly catch a lot of mosquitoes .
 I do n't know if these things work or not , but I 've chosen to use them since the bug zapper 's directions call for them to be used . If you 're going to buy any at all , then these are affordable .
 I needed to purchase a tap and die set for a project requiring standard half inch bolts that had to be threaded an additional inch and a quarter beyond those available . I reviewed all sets that were available on Amazon and decided on the Pro-Grade as they appeared to be the best option . Well ... . they were . I am pleased with the quality not only of the dies but also the final product .
 Just what I had been looing for ! The set had all the larger taps and dies I needed for some home projects .
 I purchased this sander to use while refinishing steps and cabinetry . I have had surgery on both wrists , so I was looking for a sander that was light weight but still able to accomplish the job at hand . The sander is a great performer , and I will most likely use it quite a bit for smaller jobs . My only complaint , which I was able to overlook , is that the dust collection unit does n't work all that well . Other than that , it works like a charm .
 This little sander has worked as expected so far . I have n't used it tight spaces or nooks but it worked well in the corners of the floor . It is easy to handle and operate seeing that I have somewhat small hands . Emptying the cup got a little messy but figured out a better way to empty it .
 It works well . However , the attachement is not as useful as I thought it would be .
 I ordered this based on the individual reviews I read . It met my needs and worked well . I thought it came with a holder/case , but it did n't . Have no complaints .
 We went to every hardware store in town and they were all going to discontinue this item . We found it on Amazon and it was delivered post haste . I have no idea why it would be discontinued . This the best sander I 've ever had . It does everything and it is very easy to switch between each of the different pad/settings . We bought a new house and my wife made me sand nearly every piece of furniture we own to prep it for re-painting . I plowed through all of it with a breeze . I mostly used the orbital feature for the large items . It was amazing . I finished everything before she and the kids were even finished painting a table and chairs . I have n't found anything about it that I do not like . A very good piece of equipment .
 I love this little sander . I got it to work on my kitchen cabinets . . I have asthma and sanding with a traditional sander is out of the question . This little guy gets in all the tight places and then you get to empty the little cup and not breathe the sawdust and there is no mess to clean up.Not for huge jobs but just right for what I needed . I also repaired a small area of hard wood floor that dog had peed on repeatedly . I was able to san it down and refinish just that smal area without a big mess.Love this little guy .
 I have used this tool for several detailed sanding projects and have been pleasantly surprised at the versitility and ease of use . Very quiet too compared to other sanders I own . A very innovative product that , for the home hobbyist , can save a great deal of money versus buying several specialized sanders .
 Bought this to refinish our oak dining table . The table has curves and grooves in its design and the small attachment is very helpful . Could n't have finished project without it .
 I used this sander as soon as it arrived to finish up the end of a handrail I had rough cut and installed , and it worked to perfection , the orbital sander being just what I needed . I can see myself getting a lot of good work out of this baby , especially for small jobs like furniture refinishing.One complaint I have is that the box arrived missing one of the `` nine accessories '' listed on the outside of the box . I assume the nine accessories are sheets of sandpaper . If the accessories in question are indeed pieces of sandpaper , then the photo Amazon is using to sell this item is misleading , as there are something like 20 pieces of sandpaper shown , and even more if you want to get picky about it . Did I get short-changed ? Or is false advertising a `` tool '' Amazon uses to lure buyers ? If bait and switch techniques are part of the Amazon arsenal , then I , for one , will think twice before my next purchase .
 I 've never owned a sander before but this little unit seems quite powerful to me . I used it to sand some boards for a craft project and it worked very well .
 This sander is awesome . It is very versital . The orbital sanding attachment strips paint away . The finger tool gets into the hard to get corners really well . It is a lot quieter than the ryobi sander I have and way more functional . The cyclonic dust filter is great as well . Not nearly as much saw dust flying around . I am in the process of refinishing kitchen cabinetry from white paint to a natural finish . This sander is great .
 This was my first sander purchase so I did a little more research than a normal person . I looked at lot of other random orbit sanders even some with variable speed adjustment , but they ranged up to $ 150 . This has various attachments and I bought it mainly for the job of sanding around one foot border of my living room 600 sqft floor . It did a great job . The `` finish '' and `` detail '' sanding attachments work wonder with the furniture also . Just for the heck of it , I tried removing paint from my wood paneling , and it worked fine.Although , I bought it in a a Black and Decker store for $ 39.99 , but I 'd advice it for the current price of $ 49.95 also.The dust filter barely does it job , and leaves quite a dust outside also . But , for this price , I would n't complain . I would n't recommend it for the ceiling since the dust would fall right on your face , but maybe ok for some minor jobs.All in all , a great buy .
 I do alot of furniture and cabinet refinishing and I think this is the best little sander in the world . It collects the dust as you go along and it has a pointed tip so you can reach any corner when sanding down furniture . It is light weight and very easy on the wrists . I do n't need to wear a mask because the dust is contained . I love this little sander !!!!
 I was looking for a small sander , so when I saw an add on TV for this Black & Decker unit with the dust accumilation it was interesting & checked out the reviews . So for the price took the plunge , it arrived the other day & tried it out . It does n't pick up every piece of dust , but it does a darn good job . The collection cup does fill up fairly fast , so you have to keep an eye on it to see when it needs emptying , but that 's no big deal if you pay attention . And the attachments are perfect for details such as corners or sligtly larger jobs . The velcro system of installing sanding pads is convient , have n't had to get new ones yet , so I do n't know how much they cost . So the one downside of this sander it would have been nice to be able to adapt & use sandpaper sheets of one 's own choosing . Overall I 'm pleased with this item . It wo n't do the big job of a belt sander , but it does n't pretend to be one .
 I love this tool ! I bought it to remove paint from a Formica counter top and it did the job easily , though certainly not mess-free . The canister did catch a lot of the paint dust , but plenty escaped and settled all over the bathroom . I realized it when I noticed that my nice white shower curtain was red . ;--RRB- So , wear a dust mask and old clothes.The only problem I 've had is with the teeny screw that must be removed to attach the Finger Detail Attachment . It was in so tight that I eventually managed to ruin the head trying to get it out . I took it to Lowes where two different men decided to make it their pet project for the day . After several minutes and some hefty man-type efforts , they got the damaged screw out , warning me not to reuse it . I bought new ones.I do n't know much about power tools , but if I can complete a job with this sander , anyone can ! I 'm giving four stars instead of five because the dust is n't as contained as Black and Decker said it would be , and because of the screw that was put in way too tight .
 I am in the middle of a staircase refinishing project . I have a 1/4 sheet sander and a belt sander . I needed something to get into tighter corners and for a little more aggressive paint stripping . I used stripper to remove the paint , but there were remnants absorbed into the wood fibers . I picked this up at a local hardware store and am very happy with the product . I have been running it for hours and the orbital action really speeds up the surface paint removal . The finger and detail attachments work nicely for the tight spots . This uses standard 5 inch hook and loop orbital pads and I had no difficulty in finding the detail pads at the same store.I should point out that I am using this for a job that is much more extreme than this product was designed for . Considering the abuse it has endured so far , I would say that this sander could handle smaller tasks with ease and for a normal weekend woodworker 's usual `` honey do '' projects , should last a normal lifetime . If not , it has a two year warranty . I know I will definitely get my money 's worth out of the product .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband and here it is mid January and he 's already found many uses for it . He is now going out of his way to find uses or his sander . The added attachments are great for household projects .
 Bought this for my Jet mini lathe . I gave it 4 stars only because I felt the machining work could have been a little better . But , with that said , after spending a few minutes making sure everything was as aligned as possible , I think it will work very well .
 The shipment was quick and on time.It was pretty straightforward to set up . I did not buy the stand extension and used a slab of pine measured 2 `` x9 `` x53 '' to set the lathe . Then the whole thing was put on the original mini lathe stand which was about half the total length of the new lathe . I centered the stand a bit to prevent the new lathe from tipping over . But I still kept the stand fairly close to the lathe head because I do n't work on long stock a lot.The new lathe was very sturdy . No noise . No vibration.From now on I can work on longer stocks if necessary . It was worth the money and effort .
 As advertised . Prompt e-mails and shipping . As a matter of fact , it arrived a day sooner than promised!The bed extension was well packaged and arrived with no damage . And it was offered with Free Super-saver Shipping.Installation went smoothly with no fitment issues . Installation instructions were well written and well illustrated . ** I believe others who had attachment and fitment problems MAY have been attaching it to the older model Jet 1014 lathe ** -RRB- I give this product , shipping and installation process a solid A + -LRB- 5 Stars -RRB- . And I also recommend purchasing it via Amazon.com with no reservations.I 'm a very happy camper with another quality Jet product , just as I 've come to expect , purchased through Amazon.com.Thanks WMH Tool Group and Amazon.com !!
 Was shipped quickly and installed in a few minutes.Once installed it operated as it should .
 Just as I had hoped for . It arrived quickly and in excellent condition . It was easy to attach and I used it right away .
 I ordered an add on for my Jet Mini Lathe table . It was not available anywhere localy . Amazon had it and at a very resonable price and no shiping costs . It arrived when they told me it would also . I have and will buy tools from Amazon again !!!
 The lathe bed extension arrived with one of the adjustable feet broken . The hard rubber/plastic foot molded on the head of a machine screw was shattered during shipment . I would recommend that the feet not be installed before shipment . The cast iron bed extension is heavy and if the box is dropped or mishandled during shipment , this part is likely to be broken.I attempted to contact the 800 telephone number many , many times to report the broken part , however , I could never get through . I finally gave up and found another replacement part .
 I purchased the Jet 708355 Bed Extension to go with my Jet Variable speed lath and I must say that the quality exceeds my expectations ! Right out of the box , following the instructions , WHAM ! Perfect set up ! No problem 's here . Again , Hat 's off to Jet for their great product 's and to Amazon for such fast shipping -LRB- Recieved it in less than 36 hrs . -RRB-
 I read the reviews here and based on my experience with Amazon , bought it anyway , as I bought the Jet Mini lathe from them . The extension was shipped next day via Fed Ex ground . It arrived well packed and in new condition . It installed easily and lined up perfectly . It matches the lathe perfectly including the color . Seamless in use too . Highly recommended .
 Extension makes the Mini Jet a much more capable tool . Too many times I have had to modify or quit a project because of turning size limitations , while being tied to the portability of a mini-sized lathe . Now I can turn much longer pieces and still move my longer Mini around my mini shop.Only complaint so far is mechanical attachment could stand some reinforcement and more positive alignment -- although so far , after some initial struggling , I achieved a functional coupling of main body and extension .
 I bought the Jet 1014 VSI to turn pens which it does just fine , but I wanted to try my hand at turning walking sticks and canes . The very old craftsman lathe I inherited has the swing but only has 30 '' between centers . With the extension I can get a hair over 40 '' long pieces in the lathe now . The extension was easy to set up taking all of an hour . The machining on it was the same or slightly better than the lathe , on the lathe it looks like the carbide inserts were well worn , however it does not affect the use of the lathe any . If you are looking for low cost way to increase the bed length of your Jet 1014 this is a good option .
 The extension was very nicely cast and was very easy to attache .
 I bought this little lathe with the extension with the idea of saving some money since all I wanted to do is turn spindle legs.I actually got it free with my lathe purchase . It fit fine , was easy to install and adds some heft which is always helpful to reduce vibration .
 Looks as if the earlier problems with hole alignment have been corrected . This one went onto the jet vs mini with no alignment problems or needs to shim or shave . Works as advertised . Installation was just tightining two bolts setting the heigth of a mounting plate and leveling with the included feet .
 Product arrived in tact , and contained all the advertised parts . It took longer to unpack than to set up on my Jet JML-1014 lathe , and it fit perfectly . Highly recommended .
 If you own a Jet 1014 and you do any spindle turning outside of pens , I would highly reccomend you buy the bed extension . I mainly turn bowls and pens , but occassionaly turn spindles . Before buying the extension , I designed projects around the size of my bed . Now that I have the extension , I am no longer limited.As far as installation goes , it took me all of about 15 to 20 minutes to install and align the bed extension . The holes were drilled dead on accurate and I have no issues with the banjo or tail stock catching on the transition - it 's as if it was one solid piece all along .
 Hooks right up to the Jet 1040I with no trouble at all and adds much needed room for larger items . As solid as the lathe ; exceptional construction . If you get a Jet mini-lathe , you need this for the price !
 First off , the extension bed is great . From time of delivery to time of putting the bed extension to use was about 30 minutes . Took a little tweeking to get the two pieces aligned but went relatively smooth . Second issue , the packaging for transit sucks . Inside the box they designed the padding poorly -LRB- expanded styrofoam -RRB- . One end had a large block of foam surrounding it the other had little padding at all and in turn one of the plastic foot pads was broken . I was able to make the repair in short order but this should never have happened . A full block of foam padding at both ends would have prevented this .
 The extention works well when you have a good stable , long base for the lathe . I screwed a 50 inch 2 by 8 to my existing sand filled cabinet and the unit is solid ... You end up with a Midi lathe that can do spindle work , but it 's still a Midi . . Instructions work well too .
 I use this meter to check moisture levels in about 15 different species of lumber I keep in my shop . It is compact , easy to use and very accurate . I would only reccommend pinless meters such as this one since these do not damage the surface of the lumber when taking measurements .
 We recently added this base to our Jet Mini Lathe . As with most jet products the fit and finish was excellent . Went together without any problems , including the extension . It is very solid , and does not add any vibration to the operation of the lathe . I built a shelf to go on the crossbar and we use it to store extra chucks and other misc items we typically use . I also tacked a couple pieces of angle iron to the backside to support a dust and chip chute we made . Hooked to the 4 '' dust collection system it really does a nice job of pulling most of the chips away from the lathe base . Makes cleanup fairly easy . The base is not designed to mount casters on , so I mounted the base to a 11/4 thick piece of plywood and mounted the casters to that . Our shop area is pretty small , so most of the big tools have to be mobile.I used Grizzly 3 '' locking casters , as they lock the wheel and the swivel mech . with one lever . This works out real well , still very solid . The added benefit was that now my sweetie can sit on her stool and work on the lathe -LRB- she primarily does small stuff -RRB- at just the right height for her , yet I do n't have to stoop to work on the machine . This is a great addition to the Jet Mini Lathe or the Delta Midi . Recommend it highly .
 I ordered this stand with the JET mini variable speed lathe . They arrived together . I had the lathe on the stand in about an hour . As a non-woodworking grandma I found it easy to assemble and not so heavy that I could n't do it by myself . I am waiting for a rolling cart to arrive so that I can wheel it around in the barn and use it where it is easy to clean up after use . Sweep those shaving out the door ! Buy one and you will like it . Sure saves on workbench space .
 I did n't have very high hopes for this stand at first . I figured that any strong table would give my Delta midi lathe better support than a flimsy stand . However , this stand is compact , easily transportable , adjustable , and pretty much elimanates all vibration from my lathe.The price might be a bit of a turn off at first , but its worth the money . The adjustable height option is also fantastic , since workbenches are almost never at the ` perfect ' height for everyone .
 Unless space is n't an issue , you 'll want this stand . Since I use the lathe less frequently than the other tools in my shop , it 's nice to throw a dust cover over the set and roll it out of the way without giving up counter space .
 It 's not like you could n't build something this good or use a Workmate , as I did for a couple of years , but this stand is nicely made , stable , and easy to assemble . The paint and finish are the same as the lathe.I have two Jet mini lathes , one of which I made a stand for -LRB- the non-variable speed -RRB- , and a variable speed which I bought this stand for because I did n't have time to make one and the Workmate does not allow a compfortable stance while working . The lathe is fairly small and you need to be able to get up close to it or you will find that the bending over for any length of time causes back aches . The Jet JML-S is built without restriction at the front and allows a height adjustment range of 3-4 inches.I initially set it all the way up , but found that about the middle was right for me . Quick and easy change.Sometimes it 's worth it to spend a little more and save some time .
 Hi , I bought the Jet mini lathe , and then bought this stand about 7 or 8 weeks later . I should have just bought them together.The lathe attaches easily . The stand gets the lathe off the workbench -LRB- freeing up valuable space -RRB- and puts it at a very comfortable height.I highly recommend it .
 I have always been a fan with Jet products , so the decision to downsize my work area due to space constrictions . The Jet was my first and only choice.The mini stand is a sold well built item . Dont let the price scare you off on this . Actually they offer this item on sale for $ 107 every so oftenwith free super saving shipping , which I was lucky to get.Assembly time under an hour . The assembly instructions could have been better -LRB- the only negative I have here -RRB- . One page pic of stand on one side , exploded schematic on the other . But its not difficult at all . . finish is good . . Lathe attaches well and produces a solid vibration free working space.overall a 5 * in my mind . with the jet lathe . PS Jet , you should make lockable casters in the future !!!!! Jet 708354 JML-S Adjustable Mini Lathe Stand
 I order the stand last Dec. and Amazon shipped it Very Fast . The stand went together fast and is very well made . Adjustable height puts the lathe just the right height to make turning enjoyable . This stand is worth the money . I added a small table top between the lathe and stand , to have a place to set tools that I am using at the time . I highly recommend this stand .
 This stand is very well engineered ... both in design and ergonomics . As a professional woodturner , I 've used many lathes and stands . For a mini lathe -LRB- Jet , Delta , Carb-a-tec , Rikon , General , Vicmark , etc -RRB- , its THE stand to get . Very sturdy and adjustable . The fact that there is nothing at your feet directly under the bed of the lathe makes it VERY nice . The only drawback -LRB- if any -RRB- is the fact it does n't fold up and takes up a bit of room in the shop . But its worth it to have a stable , comfortable turning platform .
 Does what it is advertised to do ! This is a very sturdy/heavy stand and with the lathe running there is little to no vibration .
 I COULDNT BE HAPPIER WITH THIS PRODUCT AS WELL AS THE PRICE . THE SHIPPING WAS NO PROBLEM . I HAVE NOTHING BUT POSITIVES TO SAY ABOUT THIS PURCHASE .
 quality components - easy to build - solid as a rock - great deal through amazon ...
 IT WORKS AS PROMISED . COULD BE HEAVIER . NEED TO PUT A SAND BAG OVER THE MIDDLE BAR IF YOU TURN LARGER OR UNBALANCED STUFF
 The metal stand purchased at the time I selected the Jet mini lathe is absolutley one of the best stands on the market . Strong . solid and easy to assemble . I look foward to purchasing the extension lathe bed and extended support bar . Jet products are one of the best out there.Pat PichicheroSouth Carolina
 If you own the lathe you 'll love the stand . I use it for taveling to teaching classes and it 's great .
 the stand was very easy to asemble and very durable i realy liked the cross brace i built a tool holder thats puts tools right at my finger tips
 I 'm a small-time custom sawmill operator who also dries custom rough-cut boards with a crude-but-effective radiant heat kiln , like an oven . Very gentle and very slow . I have always guessed , by temperature and relative humidity in the room -LRB- with an inexpensive , hardware store thermometer and humidity gauge -RRB- when the boards are ready and what MC they contained . I always left the boards in the kiln for a bunch of extra time -LRB- up to three weeks -RRB- for conditions to even out and to stabilize as between the differing thicknesses , just to be sure . Individuals have always confirmed my estimates with their own pin-type meters in the past , and I 've been on the money , within 1 % , according to their meters and to their satisfaction . But I had a large quantity of different boards -LRB- different lots -RRB- for different people and I needed to check on my own in order to deliver some orders and not to wait so long -LRB- and to make the different people wait longer than necessary to receive their boards -RRB- . So , I bit the bullet and bought my own meter.This meter is NON-DESTRUCTIVE , using electromagnetic radiation to measure the density of the wood over a large area and deep into the boards -LRB- 3/4 '' -RRB- , compared with physically driving pins into the wood and measuring the electric conductivity between the pins in a limited area . It also has basic calibration settings for different species of wood , telling it what density to `` expect '' for a more accurate measurement between differing species of wood , in order to get down to a gnat 's ass on MC . It is also less affected by any surface moisture than pins are , because it measures the density of a VOLUME of wood , not just the possible path of least resistance for an electrical flow . It makes it easy to check , quickly , many different spots along the length of a board , and many boards , and on both sides of thicker boards , to locate any variations in MC within a board , or between boards based on their location within the stickered pile and/or within the kiln . There are not supposed to be much , or many , variations . That 's the point , although slight differences in the density of the wood grain in a board are to be expected , based on the grain along the trunk . It makes no sense , to me anyway , to destroy a board in order to check it out , or to limit yourself to the ends to be cut off and not measuring the meat of what you want and are going to use , or not getting to the deep interior of the board to begin with.This meter is a better mouse-trap . Fast and easy to operate and to use . It puts elegant and useful `` rocket science '' in the hand of the average person in an easy-to-use , comprehensible fashion , in the field where it is needed in order to make decisions . And my customers were able to double-check my meter 's readings with their own destructive meters in the various places where the wood was `` throw-away '' as a confidence builder for themselves concerning the readings in the meat of the boards they received earlier than otherwise . Everybody is happy.Quality , accuracy , and ease of use is not cheap . Wagner has apparently extended the warranty on this product ; so we 'll see how durable it is and how long it lasts and stays in calibration . My initial impressions are quite favorable , because it appears to work exactly as represented within its explicit limitations as set out into the manual and instructions . It is not a in-line , production flow , computer-monitored meter for the `` big boys . '' It is a `` spot '' meter requiring a human mind with knowledge and experience to interpret and to interpolate . It provides quick and apparently accurate -LRB- independently confirmed by customers on the spot to their satisfaction and expectations - NO , the readings are NOT identical , no two meters ever are ; but they are close -RRB- data for analysis and interpretation . It 's just what the doctor ordered for me and my particular needs/use , saving me time and effort , and my already-patient customers time and instilling confidence , replacing a skeptical and worried , `` Are you SURE ? ''
 I do very -LRB- very -RRB- high-end renovations in NYC and water problems are everywhere . From leaking terraces to wall infiltration to wood
 Thanks for an easy wood moisture meter to use , accurate instrument . I use it every day in my work . It is good not to indent the wood as with previous meters .
 After reading reviews on all the moisture testers out there for hardwood lumber it seemed a no brainer as to which one to buy . As we do process some exotics I decided to go with the MMC220 to be able to test these species too . When it arrived -LRB- 3 days only -RRB- I took it out of the box and put it to work . It is a snap to use and easy for all our employees to understand . Unlike our old `` pin style '' we can now scan the entire board by sliding it along for instantaneous readings looking for wet pockets and variations . It also works well for checking individual `` staves '' in edge glued panels by scanning `` across '' the panel instead of lengthwise . It is easy to handle and looks very well built . It comes with a nice clip on pouch . Just remember that you need to set the code to the wood you are scanning or it will not be accurate . I do n't know why we waited so long !! Going from the pin style to this is like going from horse and buggy to driving a car !!
 The product worked fine and showed a repeatability within < 0.5 % . Setting the densities should be improved as you have to scroll through all numbers , which is not a very convenient way .
 I have been using this instrument for four months How did I ever do without this meter ... I recently attended IWF-2002 in Atlanta . Wagner , etal were showing their various moisture meters at this show . I took some sawmill lumber to the show with me . I tried all of Wagner hand held moisture meters . I quickly discarded all of them except the MMC-210 and the MMC-220 . I decided on the MMC-220 because of the capability to calibrate this meter for any species of wood using specific gravity . It is easy to calibrate and use and does not leave holes in the wood . I would recommend that anyone using saw mill lumber and air drying the same USE this meter . It is definitely the best of the hand held meters .
 I bought this meter two weeks ago . After playing with it my impressions are this is a very good meter in general with a very good range . Unlike model L609 , which requires you to keep pressure on the switch to stay on , the MMC220 stays on after you press the switch once and let go of the switch . The MMC220 also has an automatic shut off that activates after a couple of minutes of inactivity.There are only a few minor negatives in ergonomics , which are not a big deal , but could make the unit easier to use . For something costing $ 270 , it should have a strap to prevent inadvertent damage from being dropped . Also at this price , it should have real button switches instead of cheap membrane switches.The density correction is also a tad of a nuisance to use . After the unit has been turned on , if you want change the density setting , you have to press the species button once to reveal the current setting . Then if you want to change it , you 'll have to press that button again to enter the density change mode . Then you press the button again or hold it to scroll or fast forward to the new density setting . It 's not a problem at all if you only have to change the setting once in a while , but if you 're in a store with lots of exotic woods and you have to change the setting with each species , it gets to be a little annoying . Maybe some kind of electronic rotary input dial or even a numeric keypad might work better .
 I do n't know how I ever lived without it ! Specific Gravity chart does not cover very many of the exotic , imported , and burl woods that I use . However , it 's great for all other woods and you can make educated guesses on my difficult lumber . Every woodworker should have this unit . It 's the best I 've ever seen !!
 The features are simple -LRB- which is actually a good thing in this case -RRB- and there is very little to know to get it working correctly . My 6 year old daughter can use it properly with no issues ! In terms of accuracy , the unit is factory calibrated . While I could n't directly measure the accuracy , i was pretty sure it would be quite accurate given the type of tests I had done and knowing how well each piece of lumber I tried it on had been dried previously . I am confident in the units repeatable accuracy . It seems much more accurate than any pin moisture meter I have owned before.Of course , this accuracy does come at a price . At around US$ -LSB- ... -RSB- retail , the MMC220 moisture meter is an investment that requires a little budget consideration . But when it comes to measuring wood moisture , and avoiding costly problems associated with using wood that was n't as dry as it should have been before use , I feel a little extra dollar investment in a good moisture meter is a worthy avenue to take for future piece of mind , and more solid and stable woodworking projects!Wagner do have several other -LRB- less expensive models -RRB- in their range with similar features if you are looking for a cheaper alternative , but be sure to check features carefully to ensure the unit you buy will match your requirements.Overall , however , I was very happy with the performance of the MMC220 . If you have the money , it 's a definite buy item . -LRB- with regards to specific gravity charts mentioned by another reviewer , if you take a look at the included documentation and CD , you can easily find SG measurements for almost any wood , exotic or native on the CD and via the couple of websites mentioned on the CD -RRB- . I had little trouble finding the measurements of specific gravity for most woods I use -RRB- .
 Excellent product . I have been installing hardwood flooring and found this meter to have been an excellent purchase . Coupled with an accurate atmospeheric moisture meter makes for trouble free installations when you know the wood will not expand or contract due to a mis-match in RH during the installation.Not having `` pins '' is a real plus for pre-finished flooring and I can check product before I recieve it from my suppliers .
 My wife and I are building our dream home - we are the total workforce . Construction is complete and we are working on interior trim , cabinets , built-ins , etc. . Before we started , we had 5 large red oak trees on our property cut and processed thru a portable sawmill to 5/4 rough sawn lumber . The lumber has been drying in a shed for 8 years . We have a nice woodworking shop and needed a means to test the moisture content of our wood.In addition , we purchased 800bf of kiln dryed tongue and grove 5 '' oak planking to use for a catherdral ceiling . This wood came from a small flooring manufacture in the Ozarks near our homesite . Out of the kiln , the wood measured 7 % but by the time it was processed thru the milling and is ready to ship , it was at 9-11 % . We took our Wagner 220 with us to the mill to establish a base line on the wood purchase . The mill personnel were very impressed with the speed and accuracy of the meter . They had us check a lot of different woods and at different points in the milling process and were really surprised at how easy it worked and even more at how well it worked.We have since used it to check the wood in our drying barn and were pleased that it worked very well and picked up the difference from wood on the edge of a stack to wood back in the middle of the stack.We are very pleased and look forward to using the meter as we build our cabinets , furniture , and house trim.Garay and Pat HollandBee Branch Arkansas
 I purchased this from Amazon a couple of months ago as I was getting ready to purchase and install about 2,000 sq ft of custom wood flooring . Although Amazon had the best price and I 've had great experience buying from them , it was still a little pricy I think for what you get , but these things are all expensive . But , I have a wood shop and figured I could use it in the years to come as well.It works great . Simple to set up for the right species , and accurate compared to the meter used by the flooring supplier . The only trick is to make sure you leave an air gap under any boards 3/4 '' thick or less , or the reading will be somewhat affected.Here in CO things tend to dry out , and we 've had bad experiences with some furniture items . From now on I 'll be taking this thing with me to check moisture levels so we 'll be able to identify those 10 % + moisture levels in items shipped in from the East coast that end up shrinking and maybe cracking after a year in our lower humidity . It 'll also be great for picking out lumber for projects.Great item and highly recommended if you think it 's worth the price !
 An excellent product which performs consistently as you would expect from a fine instrument . Real engineers and support people right here in the USA . Wonderful experience !!!!!!!!!!
 What the Wagner MMC220 does is provide the user with very fast moisture content readings without putting holes in the wood . Of course , you have to know the species of wood your testing and it better be one of the species listed in the accompanying booklet or it can get a little time consuming calculating what setting to enter into the tester . So , if you are a woodworker who works with many different species of wood , especially exotics , you may get a little perturbed if your species is not listed in the booklet as you then have to go online to look up the speficic density of that species and use a provided equation to calculate the proper setting to enter into the tool . I would n't recommend using this tool if you 're out at your favorite provider and looking at a variety of species of wood unless you go in knowing you 're going to be doing a lot of setting changes.That said , I have found it to be an excellent tool even with its ' limitations . I had some old growth big leaf maple felled on my property before having my house built . I could n't stand to see all that wood go into somebody 's fireplace so I had several thousand board feet milled on site and stored it in a shed at a friends house until my place was ready for it . To make a long story short , this tool has kept me from using the wood too soon as I would have torn into it some time ago . If you have ever created a piece of furniture that ripped itself apart because the wood was too wet when you glued it up you know it is something you do n't want to do again.I have planed some of the boards and they are absolutely beautiful . In that I am overly anxious to make a dining room table with some of it , I know if I act too soon I 'll have a table top that tears itself apart in no time flat . For people like me , this tool acts like a ball and chain that shackles me until I can be released to make proper sawdust.In that the accompanying booklet has many common species listed , it only takes a few seconds to enter the proper code into the tool and you 're off and running . As for me , I 'm keeping mine and will continue to use it . So unless you 're a house framer nailing up green Douglas Fir , I suggest you get one and use it .
 I see from the comments this has happened to several other people already , so I 'll just add one more to the 1-star list.It 's been sitting in it 's original case , inside the original box since the last time I used it -LRB- a year or so ago -RRB- . I pulled it out to use it again and put in a brand new battery -LRB- tried several , actually -RRB- . Not a sign of life . The cost for repair is now up to $ 147 plus another $ 12 for shipping - not counting what it costs to ship it to them . With no reason to think the ` repaired ' meter wo n't die again.I invested the money in a premium meter because I thought it was worth it to get something good . Oh well . They got my money once , but they 're not getting it again.UPDATE
 I bought this shop-vac before starting a big DIY drywall project , and it 's been OK . It has quite a bit of suction , and it has a long hose and power cord , so you can usually drag it around without too much trouble . It 's not too loud , and so far , it 's done fine . The only thing I really do n't like is that the intake has a kind of L-curve -LRB- apparently to stop objects from slamming into the filter -RRB- that tends to trap drywall crumbs and paper until the hose is blocked . Cleaning drywall dust out of the trap is easy enough , but no fun.The main thing I still do n't know , and wish I did , is whether the vacuum is particularly suited to drywall -LRB- i.e. , some kind of dust-resistant motor -RRB- , or whether it 's just a normal shop-vac with a HEPA filter and the drywall tools . If so , you might want to consider getting a different Shop-Vac plus the cleanstream filter , drywall tool attachments , and some drywall dust bags.Here 's what you could get if you chose a different vacuum :1 -RRB- A blower . Most of the new , relatively quiet shop-vacs do n't function as a blower , because instead of one big exhaust port that you could hook to a hose , they have a bunch of smaller ports to reduce noice -LRB- slightly -RRB- . This vacuum sucks -LRB- which is good -RRB- , but does n't blow -LRB- which might not be good , if you want a blower -RRB- .2 -RRB- A pump . You can use this shop-vac to suck up water into the bucket , but you will have to pour out the bucket every ten gallons , or set the shop-vac someplace where it can drain and use a long hose . Some of the others come with a pump , so you can drain a basement or a swimming pool by sucking the water into your shop-vac and letting it pump uphill .3 -RRB- More suction . More suction is always good . The drywall shop-vac does fine for piles of drywall dust and sawdust , but there is always a little bit left . I often wonder whether a little more power would do a little better .4 -RRB- Bigger or smaller bucket size . I have no problem with 10 gallons , but you might want something smaller and more manueverable , or bigger so that you have to empty it less often .5 -RRB- Household clean-up tools . This vac comes with the 21/2 inch wide toolset , which is n't that great for cleaning your house or car . You can buy the other hoses , but some of the other vacs might come with them .
 great vac good suctionwould buy againhowever : could be less expensiveshould come with an brush attachment but did n'tfriction fit tubing will work loose , have to constantly keep snugging up the fittings .
 Not expecting much for the price but surprised . Have been using Craftsman and Ridgid Vacs for years with upgraded filters . This vacuum , was a great investment and beats the typical shop vacs by far . It does n't seal as well as some of the super high priced comercial drywall vacs do but I 've seen a substantial decrease in drywall dust even during small projects . Lightweight and a great combination of filter and filter bag . Highly reccomend for medium to low frequency drywall projects .
 This Wagner MMC205 is the one to have . No hassle when you have to ask the seller if they mind having pin holes in their wood . -LRB- Taking measurements at the end of the wood helps to avoid that , but still a minor consideration -RRB- It actually measures moisture content 3/4 '' of an inch into the wood . So surface moisture , which can vary based on humidity in the air , or a recent rain , etc , does not become a factor . It does so without any tampering with the wood . -LRB- No holes -RRB- Pin models , only go so deep , unless you really gouge the wood.Another consideration , is that the more expensive Wagner meter measures wood above 20 % moisture content . Considering that usable wood starts at 12 % , and if you want to make furniture you will need wood around 4 to 6 % , the need to know measurements up to 35 % is not all that neccessary.Their is n't any calculations neccessary with this meter as well . They do give you a handly little booklet , with all of the wood types listed . That way you can set it for the specific wood type to get a very exacting measurement.It comes in a handy carrying case . Large easy to read numbers . Takes a few uses to get the hang of it . Like holding the setting down , in order for it to go into the changing mode.When buying wood , the amount of time is has aged-cured , or been properly kiln dried is of the essence . If you buy wood that has too much moisture content in it , you will be forced to either age it yourself , or suffer the movement as it cures over time.It is interesting to actually take this meter into some of the larger retail Home stores and measure what appears to be kiln dried , planed wood . Sometimes those pallets are left out in the rain for awhile . Since they are strapped together , a good soaking has the oppotunity to go deep within the grain . The individual boards in that case are not exposed to the air again , until they are unwrapped.In conclusion , moisture measurements are essential in woodworking . This unit is at a good price point , if you want to do the best job , without breaking the bank . If I had to do it all over again , I would still buy this one . Highly recommended .
 Compact , concise , accurate ! Complements any wood shop , a must have for the serious professional . I 've used this to check 2000 bd . ft. of hickory , 300 bd . ft.of cocobolo , 150 bd . ft. of black walnut for flooring , and I 've used it for dozens of smaller lots of other hard and soft woods . Helps in dickering with price on supposedly kiln dried lumber .
 As a woodworker , I 've been running blind , trusting my lumber providers to give me accurate moisture content numbers . This ended last month when I installed $ 2500 worth of IPE flooring . The IPE had been stored in the room that it was to be eventually installed in for two months , rotated frequently to insure even dryness and installed with a vapor barrier over a basement . It shrunk ! In some places over 1/8 '' ! I bought the moisture meter from Amazon and tested the installed wood , 9 to 12 % . I returned to my lumber dealer and tested his pile , 12 to 14 % ! He wo n't give me money back , but at least now I 'm armed with accurate information.I 've tested red oak also , 6 to 7 % . This meter wo n't go above .70 in specific gravity , so with IPE , for instance , set it to .50 and divide the result by 2 since IPE is incredibly dense at 1.0 . It responds quickly and I feel that it will eventually make me a better judge of wood.I 've still have n't gotten used to switching it to it 's various modes and the single button is a bit touchy .
 This moisture meter is a must for every woodworker . Do n't make the same mistakes I made by making furniture with air dried wood and seeing it crack a few months after completion . Buy this handy and accurate digital moisture meter and get that wood down to 6 % or 7 % . You will be glad you did !
 When you want it fast ... This is very weird stuff -- it is ultra light . One feature is quick drying . I had a rather deep but not large drywall hole and got tired of waiting for regular drywall compound to dry . I had no need for structural strength , but did use some fiberglass drywall tape just for good measure.Back in the day , I would have used plaster of paris for something fast drying . I like this better.Another tip . Latex gloves are great . Not only can you keep your hands clean , but they also facilitate using your hand for preliminary smoothing .
 I always keep a little container of this in my toolbox ; it is * super * light and I mean lighter than whipped cream from a can . Applies really easily and dries quickly . Does a great job filling * small * holes but for anything larger than a quarter I might choose something different as it 's kind of dry-ish and tends to want to fall out.Pleased with this product and recommended for smaller tasks .
 Did its job , and was cheap enough . Great product for the price . Would buy again if I needed too -LRB- I only needed it to cover minor holes -RRB-
 I had bought this product for my husband . He uses them for , basically , everything . They very durable and strong . EXCELLENT PRODUCT!Sincerely , Mrs. S.Harvey .
 Pretty good set - highly recommended if you want to get your moneys worth . -LRB- I would even go out and say that this set rivals some of the low-end Stanley sets that are being sold here on Amazon . -RRB- Pros-This set contains all the bits you 'll ever need ; and if you 're wondering , yes , they are pretty accurate.-Good quality items for their price range.-The two socket wrenches provided are durable and allow for some versatility . - The extension and adapters were a nice touch.Cons-The case is fragile . The inner housing of the case is constructed of a of flimsy plastics with little to know thickness and/or strength.Note : - When my set arrived there were some cracks inside the case . The bits were all over the place and a 5.5 mm bit was missing.-Upon closer inspection I noticed that there were some scuffs , finger prints and minor residue on some of my bits - had it been used before , production/packaging mishap perhaps ? Nothing to cry about though .
 This product is overall of reasonable build quality . I just started working in a small engine repair shop and I wanted a set of tools for myself to use . The tools are not perfect by any means . The tools have small cosmetic defects and the socket fits are not 100 % accurate -LRB- pretty close though -RRB- . The plastic case that the sockets came in is VERY fragile , but is also very well organized . As long as you do n't abuse the case it should serve you very well.Pros : ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ * Affordable * Set is relatively complete * Socket Wrenches feel very solid * Sockets are well organized in case * Bit driver magnet is EXCELLENT * Backed by an Unconditional LIFETIME WarrantyCons : ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ * Cosmetically imperfect * Case is flimsy * White rust formed over the first night I owned this set * Only one socket extension included , and its the shortest I have ever seen . * Hmmm ... Not really too much else.Overall , A great set for beginners . I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a set to learn with . I also love the fact that this set is covered by a lifetime warranty . I will come back and update this review if there are durability issues with this product.The white rust mentioned in the Cons section was only cosmetic . In time , it will rub off and the zinc will react properly with the air . I STRONGLY suggest that for the first few days you own this set you LEAVE THE CASE OPEN . Leaving the case open will allow the air to circulate around the sockets and form the correct chemical bonds with the zinc coating.P.S . !!! *** !!! The brand of tools that I received was NOT Wilmar . What was shipped to me was something called `` Mechanics Products ` Mechanics Tool Set ' '' . This was sent to me by the Amazon LLC . seller , so I do n't know what you will receive if you order from another seller.P.P.S.As it turns out , `` Mechanics Products '' is actually a brand that Wilmar uses for some of their products .
 I am a professional diesel mechanic and bought these to try them out . I have had them on my 3/8 impact and with an adapter on my 1/2 '' impact . They have some minor flexing on stubbord bolts but that will happen . Their finish is incosistent . I have both the metric and standard set and some are shiny black and some are matte . Its not a big deal but it makes me wonder as to what went wrong in the manufacturing process.Overall they are good for occasional proffesional use .
 Gret quality tool . I was n't sure about the brand but since I recived this set I have used them alot . The length is perfect to fit lugs on electrical breakers .
 Great tools on the end of a pneumatic impact or impact driver , but beware due to the their length easily broken with a ratchet .
 Good product , seems good quality.However these are destined for impact use so they will have a hard life.Time will tell but these are very good value for money.However yet again another blow moulded case !!! Please listen , we do n't like them , they needlessly fill our tool boxes or got straight in the bin.Use a socket rail and vacuum wrap to a piece of cardboard .
 My Dad got me a knife like this and i Use it alot . It keeps a edge forever and the gut hook is really handy . As with all case knives its built to last forever ! the sheath kinda sucks tho but I 'm carefull to make sure it stays closed . A great knife for a great price !!
 Very good knife . Good feel and balance . Gut hook is a good added feature.I would surely recommend this knife for any hunter
 It was a little smaller than I thought , but it was n't too small ... blade was over 3 '' long still had room to engrave a message on it , gave it as a going away gift . the knife itself came sharp and it looked exactly like it did in the picture . got it quickly , which was good because I was on a time crunch to get it engraved before the person left
 I have used Case knives for many years and have never been dissatisfied with the quality of their products . The knives are made in America , which is not the case with many knives on the market today . They hold an edge , are relatively easy to sharpen and give many years of service . This particular product was promptly received and was exactly as described .
 nothing to hate ... it 's a stand ! to say anything more would just be b/s . nothing to break ... that is it
 Package arrived torn but complete . Item is exactly as advertised , they just need to use better package for this heavy an item .
 You screw the iron holder into the base and tighten the nut to keep it where you want it . Nice heavy base so your iron will not turn over . Sponge wipe is a little small but works just fine for wiping the iron tip .
 Great deal , all around , very quality , would recommend to anyone ... if you solder , you need one of these for sure , have never gone wrong buying from Amazon ...
 This is a must for anyone using a soldering iron . It is sturdy . It is a safe place to keep your Soldering iron .
 This soldering stand really does the job . The base is very heavy -LRB- I think cast iron -RRB- and the spring holder is threaded so it screws into the base . There 's a little nut on the spring so you can set the spring holder to be above the sponge dish . The black cap just twists onto the spring . It works great and an added benefit is that it breaks down easily to fit in my electronics kit box with its 13/8 '' tall drawers . This looks and feels like a basic but high-quality tool and I expect it will last a very long time .
 I have a large , heavy Weller 120 watt pencil type iron and it fits great with no tipping . The black ring at the top is removable so the heavy iron fits plus with it on the smallest iron works . I definatly recomend this item .
 What can I say ? If your soldering wand did n't come with one of these , get one ! This is reasobly priced , and a good execution of the classic design . Heavy base so it 's very sturdy .
 After burning myself , my work bench , and just about everything else , I finally spent the money and got this iron holder . This stand is very useful , if you do much soldering , I would highly recommend getting it . The cleaning sponge is very nice as well .
 im not quite sure how im supposed to fit the black ring into the springy part , but it works great the way i put it together
 I 'm not a heavy user of a soldering iron , but I had been looking for quite a while for a good soldering iron stand to replace the bent-wire stand that had originally come with my iron . This stand nicely filled the bill , and at the price , I felt that I could n't go wrong . Now , I no longer have to worry about my iron burning me or putting holes in my table 's surface .
 The stand is heavy so no worries about it tipping over . The iron holder swivels on the base . Just what I wanted .
 Does what it says it does . Tried attaching the plastic piece that comes with it , but holds iron perfect without it .
 Got in the mail . They sponge was a tiny disc , but when water was applied - it really got bigger . I used with a new soldering iron and it worked great !
 For the money , you ca n't beat this little stand . Has a very heavy and stable base , and comes with a sponge .
 For the price I thought it was going to be a piece of crap that falls apart in two days , but it holds up nicely . Heavy base prevents it from falling over . I have a feeling this will last me VERY long . I highly recommend buying this stand .
 This soldering iron stand is well made and does the job of holding a hot soldering iron SAFELY .
 Good heavy construction and will not topple over . You have to insert the black phenolic holder into the top of the spring and it sits a little crooked . This does not hurt the functionality and it holds the iron solidly . Every tech needs one . Much better than the flimsy aluminum U-stand that comes with a Weller iron .
 Others have reviewed this product well , so I wo n't rehash things here . But I will add to what has been stated .1 -RRB- Yes , the plastic insert does n't fit well . But with some light sanding , I think I can get it to fit . Or , I can just leave it out . This is why I only gave it four stars .2 -RRB- It is sturdy . I do n't know how the one reviewer could have broken it unless it was defective .3 -RRB- I received the one with the round base as the original photo shows , not the rectangular one shown on the additional photos.The added heft of the base was worth spending extra money for . I definitely will feel more secure my iron is n't going anywhere . I hope this helps .
 I do a lot of stained glass crafting , so I use this stand every day . This is a great little stand for the price , and it does n't take up a whole lot of room . The base is made of cast iron , so it wo n't fall over.PROS
 This is a very simple and practical . I like it , the sponge is nice too .
 Works exactly as I intended . There is n't much to review on this one . The base is heavy and solid . The sponge just needs a little water and it perks right up . It 's small enough to stay out of your way too . I did n't need any special magnification or arms to hold objects . If you do n't either , this should work perfectly .
 I needed these for the rear interior quarter panel trim on my 1977 Ford Bronco . These are the exact fasteners that were used by Ford to install the trim panels .
 These matched very well with existing knobs in our kitchen . Unless you had the two knobs side by side you would n't know they were n't the same . They are very well made . I was glad to find these on Amazon !
 We purchased 80 of these for our kitchen re-model . We had splurged in so many areas and wanted ` budget ' level knobs . This is a good quality product , heavy and with no flaws of any kind . Just the right size for us , both in diameter and projection from the cabinet.As always , when buying online for this type of product , pay attention to the item description -LRB- sizes etc. -RRB- as the photos do not always give an accurate representation .
 I ordered these knobs for our new kitchen and I wanted something to accent our pure white cabinets . They were inexpensive and did the job . They are nice and heavy and do not look cheap . If you 're looking for something to do the same type of thing I highly recommend them .
 These are quality knobs and shipped promptly . I also ordered a replacement toilet seat at the same time and the quaility was beyond my expectations !
 Got tired of spinning a spool on the bench and chasing it across the floor . This is pretty simple . Put spool in , pull solder out . Non slip rubber weighted base . Even has a carry handle if I feel the need to take my solder spool for a walk : -RRB-
 Works just as intended . Its weight stops the holder from moving when I pull more solder . The handle great for grabbing the holder to move it . And the &#34; arm &#34; holds solder in place and acts like a 3rd hand .
 4.5 / 5 . Solid construction , easy to assemble , and serves its purpose . If you do any amount of soldering , then I highly recommend this . My only complaint -LRB- minus half a star -RRB- is that the spool guide does n't have a locking washer , so it can come loose and flop down . I bought a locking washer from the hardware store and it fixed the problem .
 I did n't really think I needed one of these until I started using it . Much easier than holding the solder or container . It 's got a weight on the bottom which I use to hold down objects when solder which comes in handy .
 My only complaint is that this thing cost me a little over $ 16 . I would price this guy at $ 10 and call that generous . But I guess since I 'm buying from a retailer and not a wholesaler that I 've got to pay the exorbitant markup to keep the lights running over at Parts Express . Nonetheless , this product works just fine . You will recieve this product unassembled . Assembly is non-intuitive but not hard . Do n't be ashamed if it takes a second to figure out what the orientation of the parts are . Or maybe I 'm just a little slow !
 This is a great heavyweight stand , that is perfect for the task . It also has a hole on the base for bolting it to a table or to a soldering iron stand . I 'm about to order 2 more for my other workstations .
 I bought this solder spool holder to go with my soldering station , but this is a wonderful holder even if you do n't use it every day . It makes for a great storage for you solder and the base is weighted so it does n't slide around when you pull the solder out . I needed this little holder a long time ago . The size makes it easy to put close to your work and it 's not in the way . This holder is very well built and even has a handle to make it easy to move around . I would recommend this to anyone .
 If you do a lot of soldering and do n't like having to jack around with the spool this is a handy device . Real simple , works great .
 TO whom it may concern in purchasing the Jet -LRB- JML-S-BEJ -RRB- Lathe Stand Cross Bar item -LRB- for use in the extension of the # 1014 Jet Mini-Lathe ... -RRB- I recently ordered this item along with the standard Jet Adjustable Mini-Lathe Stand -LRB- model # 708354 JML-S -RRB- -LRB- $ 129.99 -RRB- . I had a very nice Amazon TPCSR person by the name of Kurt . He was very knowledgeable in trying to ascertain for me my questions on these items for the extension-bed unit for my Jet Mini Lathe model # 1014 I purchased two years ago from Amazon . Kurt even called the original OEM mfg. - -LRB- WMH-Jet Tools -RRB- to find out info on this for me as well ! - Fast forward-per my receipt of the shipped product at my studio today and to dispel any confusion for prospective buyers of this item , when you purchase the -LRB- JML-S-BEJ -RRB- Lathe Stand Cross Bar item -LRB- $ 84.15 -RRB- - it ALSO comes with the required CENTER vertical support bar leg that installs at the half-way junction of the stand configuration-assembly . This as I suspected-and as I have seen in other tool product catalogs - is something that Jet designed to support/accommodate the extra weight-bearing center point of the extended lathe bed itself . Although my very nice new Amazon friend Kurt advised me from his conversation with the OEM that my Jet mini-lathe model -LRB- # 1014 -RRB- did NOT require the vertical center leg support unit-it nonetheless and to my utter satisfaction came with the horizontal cross bar unit . BOTH pieces are made like a -LRB- fxhkytxig !! -RRB- solid steel Sherman Tank-well made & finished and as heavy-which is great for the overall & much needed stability of the lathe stand itself when I get that final order in the next few days . You wo n't be disappointed at all ! Can one actually be so fulfilled and estatic about such items in life like a lathe stand accessory ? By Golly - Apparently So ! Phil Sato , Happy and Celebrating in Los Angeles ! Oh Boy !
 This extension is heavy and solid just like the mini stand ! The picture does not show the additional vertical piece that connects where the extension meets the original crossbar . When I bought my Jet 1014 used it came with a bed extension and was mounted on a pine 2 `` X8 '' and then mounted on the Jet mini stand . I thought it was clever way to avoid buying the extension until I realized that this placed the feet of the stand too far in and became a safety hazard to avoid tripping over them when turning . I was fortunate that the extension was only $ 54 with free shipping when I got last June .
 NICE LOOKING PRODUCT EXCEPT THE GLASS INCERT TABS SHOW SLIGHTLY AT SIDES . EASY INSTALL . BURNS GREAT COLOR AND DIRECTION ... TURNS ON OFF WITH CRISP BALLAST ... WE ADJUST IN NYC - GREAT WAVE INVESTIGATION CO. .
 I have owned all sorts of flashlights , from the most expensive Surefires , to Streamlights , to Mag and other products and I must say this is truly an outstanding light ! The finish is not the same as a Surefire Hard Anodized finish , but it seems to put out the same intensity of light as my Surefire M3Turbo which sells for 2-3 times the cost . The Surefire M3T has seemingly the same intensity but about twice the illumination area as the Strion . I have been so impressed with Surefires that I have owned 10-15 and I still think light for light they 're the absolute best . I do n't think this Streamlight will compare with the construction standards of a Surefire , but if it comes down to shear light output and the integrity of illumination , this Strion is so good I 'm starting to rethink getting another Surefire . -LRB- I have quite a few anyway -RRB- . Recharging seems to be done in just a few minutes ... I ca n't imagine how much I can save over constantly replacing CR123 batteries at $ 1.75 each , not to mention how sparingly I 've used such lights in the past without wishing to replace batteries . Having a light pattern similar to the Surefire is nice , and having a replacement bulb provided in the tail cap and a cost of about $ 5.00 to replace the bulb compared to the assembly sold by Surefire has turned my head.I also have and have used Liteboxes and Vulcans both as a long time owner of these and while serving as a fireman . The Streamlight Survivor -LRB- earlier style -RRB- was my favorite light , but the Strion reminds me of the light pattern without the size of the Survivor . I recently purchased a Fire Vulcan and was very disappointed in the light pattern with a large area of darkness surrounded by a ring of light . I was searching for a person recently and was so disappointed by the light pattern of the Vulcan that I went back to my vehicle and retrieved my Surefire M3T . If I had the Strion I would have opted for that light instead as I would n't eat up the batteries . I also recently purchased as Streamlite Litebox , as I had one of the earlier models with the sealed beam . The newer model has a small replacable lamp and I 'm afraid it will have the same light pattern as the Vulcan . Still for a good long-lasting light you ca n't beat either of these lanterns . All of the Liteboxes , Survivors and Vulcans will take the heat and abuse of being on a fire scene and I think my Survivor went into a training exercise with me where the temp was around 650 degrees . The construction standards are excellent , but the light pattern with these have as of late been disappointing.The Stiron is everything you would want in a light . It 's very very powerful , more so than the G2 , 6P , and E2E Surefires , but it does n't have the construction standards the Surefires have as they 're truly the best in construction . The Strion does n't seem to have the same construction standards , but I 'm noticing I 'm using the Strion more and more and the Surefires less and less .
 A smaller size , portable if you will , flashlight . Easy to handle and use . Nice Xenon lighting.Only con is light focus is a bit fuzzy , even when full focal length.All in all a good buy for the money .
 I think these guns are great . They are incredibly light , but durable . The caulking does n't continue to flow out as badly as other guns when you let go of the trigger . They are great when you are up on a ladder because you can just toss them to the ground without worrying about damange . They are also very inexpensive .
 I 'm a bookkeeper for a small business , and this calculator is great for totaling hours .
 Excellent item !! It 's very useful in my work everyday . The shipment arrived very fast . Thanks for all . I recommend it .
 This item works great . I process a lot of employees time and leave and this has helped me out greatly . I highly suggest you get this item if you need to calculate time
 I bought this to use for my school 's Mock Trial team . We are required to keep time and calculate it very quickly , so I purchased this item . It has served it 's purpose very well . It 's easy to use and lightweight . Shipping was very quick . I am pleased overall with my purchase .
 This thing is fantastic ! It 's a little intimidating at first because it does so much you get the feeling of being overwhelmed when you read the instructions . With a little practice and some time that feeling goes away and you settle into the routine that works best for you . Overall it feels well constructed and appears to function above expectations .
 THIS IS THE BEST AND FASTEST CALCULATOR TOO TELL TIME EASY TO WORK AND TOO FIND OUT THE PAY . SPEEDO
 The units do the job for us timing shows in 's and out 's the unit have been an easy way to check and set timmers.The unit were packaged well . We did however got one with a dead battery . No worries we have more battries on hand . Heavey wear points from our users on/off key , the other common key wear 1,2,5,6,7,8 - , + Do n't get me wrong the units are good ! We do put alot of wear on them . We are pleased with the product .
 This was a gift for our youngest motorist . She 's so busy going places , now that she has a car , we just wanted to make sure she had and emergency kit . You know , just in case . This kit has everything and comes in a good carry bag . At 17 it 's hard to think of a parent saftey gift has cool , but she thought it was totally cool , when she could help out a friend who was stranded .
 Have n't had an emergency yet or need to use it , but seems to have everything covered.or so it should be
 The Fluidmaster Washing Maching connectors I purchased are great products at a great price . These are not in inventory in the brick and mortar stores in my area . Shipping was fast . All in all , the experience was tremendous .
 Quality , heavy metal cube knobs - we put them on all our kitchen cabinet doors in a staggered , up an down pattern . The effect is that cubes are tumbling ... added character to the kitchen for little $ $ .
 Belden cable is belden cable , but must be purchased in very large rolls , even if you want a small amount . So what a creative idea to offer a partial roll for a reasonable price . Cable arrived with no problem .
 Has all you need in a small easy to store bag . Not to heavy , and fits easly in a car of any size .
 Very pleased with the outdoor lights we recently purchased . They are very classy and look so nice on the sides of our garage doors . I had shopped our local home stores , but just could not find a light I especially liked . The on-line purchase was so convenient and they arrived in a very timely manner . Have always been very pleased with everything I 've purchased from Amazon .
 I like the looks of it , but my son , which was the one that installed it said it was odd , that it could n't really be adjusted to be against the wall .
 Hard to obtain locally and was again saved by Amazon . Great product and arrived quickly .
 Low price and this drill bit cuts through anything . Most bang for the buck . Why pay high prices for large drill bits when these are out there ?
 I was skeptical because of the low price , but this screen spline is exactly right for my needs ... a perfect product .
 Works well and ribs hold tight in the channel . It has only been installed for about a month so there is not much to say .
 works great , ribbed spline , just make sure you order the correct size , the one i ordered was just slightly too thin for a good grip . maybe for older windows its good . if anyone needs 495 ' let me know .
 This pump performs very well . Installation is easy and it worked first time . Very well made .
 Consumer report said `` machine is the best , the wood case it comes with is destined to break in the back of a pickup '' Well I like to buy the best of everything when I can so I bought the `` Lamello Top 20 '' Sure enough the machine is top end , everything is crisp , clear easy to read and supper tight , no slop . I have never used a better plate jointer . The bad ? Well my case was broke when I took it out of the delivery box . The wood case is so cheap it belongs with a kids Christmas toy . Kinda ruins the whole package . Plan on an alternate means of transporting this tool .
 I had an old SKIL biscuit joiner for years and it did an OK job , but it was tired and a new one was in my immediate future . I researched and asked friends and of course they all loved the one they had . Most satisfied were the Porter Cable folks . So I borrowed a friends PC and used it on my last project . Decent machine , but not a life long product for a busy woodworker and the adjustments did n't seem as easy as the Lamello . I decided to get the Lamello and waited for 3 or 4 months checking the price on Amazon daily and when it dipped to $ 649.00 I jumped on it . WOW ! What a machine . I hated that it took me so long to pull the trigger , but it beats everything I have seen or used hands down . The adjustments are SIMPLE and ACCURATE !! This is clearly a case of you get what you pay for . Wait for the price drop and do it !! Worth the higher price , but if you do n't need it right away ... save some bucks . You will NOT be unhappy ! This is the first time I have ever taken the time to review any of my purchases , but this one warranted it and you people deserve to know . Good Luck !
 The only thing I can really say is ... buy the best & forget the rest ... you wo n't regret it.Or you can do like I did . First buy a cheaper biscuit joiner , find out you get what you pay for , then spend even more money to buy what you should 've bought in the first place.Just a superb biscuit joiner . Very nice soft start . Zero slop & I do mean zero . Pinpoint setting adjustments . Dust bag is OK , but it 's a dust bag . Hook it up to a shop vac for complete dust control.If you want to use the Lamello Top 20 to join face frames or use it for other small applications , get the H-9 cutter head & applicably sized biscuits .
 I 've had three biscuit cutters . NONE , come close to this . It 's precise , it 's well built , it well balanced and it does perfect work . If you want the best , you have to pay for the best . THIS IS THE BEST . Nothing comes close . It has dead on flat and vertical accuracy , soft start and a great fence . After three years in a high school class , its also proven to be durable . Pick this up . What do you feel ? Balance Set the dials . What do you get ? Absolute accuracy . Yep , its expensive . What is more expensive is cursing as you try and fix work when you are supposed to be having fun . Take the plunge ; no pun intended . You wo n't be disappointed .
 My old tool was aging so I replaced it with the Lamello . The Lamello fully mature product after many decades of perfecting the design . This tool is so well built that you have to use it and see it to believe it . The build quality is just off the scale . My wooden case arrives in perfect shape and well built . I gather that can vary from previous customer reviews . Other places are charging 150-250 more than Amazon . It is expensive but Amazon eases the pain of the price . Every cut perfect - the first and repeated . Superb accuracy . As expensive as this tool is presently - the the EURO vs the US dollar will drive the price even higher in the near future . Lamello reminds me of Starrett quality of many many decades ago ! This tool is not over priced - the only question whether one can afford or needs the quality.I have one other tools -LRB- the one replaced -RRB- around 200.00 -LRB- there are several in that price range -RRB- not to mention any names - it has always been inconsistent on repeat cuts - there is some play somewhere . It been disappointing . Others have commented with similar issues on precision . The Lamello everything works perfect from the first to the last ! WOW ! what a difference !
 The unit is very smooth to use and accurate . Took awile to convert from Porter cable joiner . This unit is well made with minimal variablity when set to a particular setting . The quality lasts beyond the higher price tag.No complaints other than difficulty finding the 22 mm blade for the small biscuits . The lamello biscuits are a joy to use with the Lammelo glue dispenser
 My father used to have one of these until I broke it !!!! It was simply the best tape I 've ever worked with ... . It 's metal case makes it really tough , able to last really long ... Both the tape itself and the case are corrosion resistant even if you 're in the most moist environment.The materials : This small metallic-case measure tape is made of a strong and corrosion resistant steel . The metallic case also resist corrosion , scratches and gives it a special touch . The spring at the end of the tape also lasts forever . Not matter how old the tape is , it still goes back into the case . -LRB- as long as you do n't try to pull it further than the scale allows you -- > That 's how I broke it ! -RRB- . I 'd rate it 5 out of 5 . The design : I think it 's one of the best tape designs I 've ever seen . I have used lots of tapes in the past few years but none of them had a design as good as this one . The lock button works perfectly . The most important part of the design , in my opinion , is the tip of the tape holder . It 's thin , allowing for a precise measure . Many tapes have magnets at their tips or even thicker tips that can lead to wrong measurements . Definitely a 5 star rating.Overall : I think this is one of the best tapes available today ! It 's well-made , strong , has a thin tip , is lightweight , is good looking , resists scratches ... It 's worth a 5 star overall rating.This tape rule is worth the price . Buy it and you wo n't be sorry you did .
 The lamp is very attractive and well made . It has two levels of brightness , which is really nice for the bedroom we have it in . The lampshade on this lamp is even prettier than it appears in the picture , which does not do it justice . We purchased this lamp for our teen daughter who exclaimed `` Wow '' when she saw it .
 My son is still interested in dinosaurs . We purchased this item for his bathroom wall decor . Love it . We received it before the estimated arrival date , in excellent condition , and just love it . Thanks .
 I bought this for my 2 yr olds room . It is realistic without being even remotely scary . It is currently his favorite dinosaur on his wall .
 Very detailed and wonderful product ! Stickers matched other Walls of the Wild dinosaurs perfectly to complete my daughter 's dinosaur themed room .
 Very happily received . My husband was very jealous that our son had earned one of these by selling Boy Scout popcorn & is now very happy he has one too !
 These pull handles are very elegant and beautiful . They are heavy duty and durable while still giving the cabinet or door they are attached to a look of class . I highly recommend them .
 ARRIVED ON TIME AND LOOKED AS GOOD AS THE PHOTO . EVERY BIT WHAT I WANTED.The cabinet is finished and these made it look great .
 This is a great product very well made ! I could n't find any more of this product to finish my project and found what I needed on Amazon to finish ! It was great and worry free !
 I put these on a white wall unit and they were beautiful . The copper sheen coming through the bronze is a nice touch . They contrasted nicely against the white cabinets .
 They are beautiful and look really nice on my dark wood cabinets . They look and feel high quality ! I am totally satisfied with this product !
 These go very well with any of the other Amerock ORB hardware ; I used them with the rope design knobs instead of scroll and they match wonderfully.These pulls are the same brand & style you would find in the hardware department of superstores & big box stores . The only difference being up to a 75 % discount ordering online , depending on which you 're buying ! The price for these can be unbelievably cheap on Amazon.They are substantial , meaning heavy in your palm . A lot of people look for this in hardware -- and do n't like the lightweight pulls -- so I thought I would mention it . These are very solid.The copper highlights are just enough that it shines in the light or from different angles , but is not overbearing or enough to take away from the oil rubbed bronze look . There is an elegant contrast between the two colors.They do NOT look cheap at all ; they look very expensive , well made and the colors are rich and beautiful . They do not look `` painted '' ; they look like they just are the way they are . Hope that makes sense ! Keep in mind these are standard sized pulls -LRB- 3 in . center screw to screw -RRB- so measure it out before you so you wo n't be surprised when they are not as large as you expected from the photo -LRB- which is enlarged to show detail -RRB- . In hindsight I would have ordered 4-5 '' center pulls ; something I could fit my entire hand into instead of just a few fingers , but then again my hands are large . They sit out far enough that there is no problem getting your fingers behind them to pull , but if you have these installed on delicate surfaces be aware that fingernails will likely be scratching against the finish on each pull.Top quality product for a very low price . Shipping was extremely quick . They come individually packaged , with another packaged screw inside the package with the hardware so as to not roll around and scratch it up . The sticker says lifetime warranty . Would not hesitate to order again or recommend to others .
 Bought these to replace what was on our bedroom set . They are beautiful and very sturdy . Have recommended to friends .
 I usually do n't write product reviews , but these handles and the matching knobs are beautiful ! I was suprised at the quality for the price . Very heavy , expensive looking handles and knobs . I have not put them on the cabinets yet , but I hope the finish does not tarnish because I love them !
 Very satisfied with the quality at a reasonable price . Weight gives feeling of substance . Finish color is true to satin nickel - design gives interest . Wish I would have ordered same thing with . A little more burnish - did n't realize that choice was available . But have no regrets - remodeling kitchen soon and hope to find this value again .
 Perfect look , great price , awesome quality ! I am going to buy more for the rest of my house , i.e. , bathrooms and hallway closets !
 I bought these along with the matching cabinet door knobs , because the kitchen and bathroom cabinets and drawers in the used home I just bought currently do n't have any knobs nor pulls . The quality is excellent and they are priced much more reasonably than I was able to find elsewhere . I ca n't wait to install them !!
 We used appox 155 of these handles on a new house we built and they look great . Save about $ 300.00 getting from Amazon than I could have got them at Lowes or Home depot great value look great !
 I was trying to match my kitchen pulls , they have a little more copper look on the top , but still look great .
 I put these on my white kitchen cabinets . They look amazing and there were no flaws in any of them . They arrived quickly and were packed well . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 I absolutely luv my drawer pulls . . I have been ordering separate until I have em all n have my finished cabinets looking good
 Great experience , using product which was extremely easy to install . I would recommend this product to anyone . Received product very quickly after placing my order .
 They had the product I needed.The cost per item was very reasonable.They just wanted way too much for shipping ... about half of my order was shipping costs and that was the cheapest option .
 The product was exactly what I needed to replace an old broken one . It arrived quickly and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Five stars ? Sure , it 's not revolutionizing my life but it 's exactly what it 's described as . I had one of these supports break and purchased this as a replacement , it popped right in and I 'm back in business - the hanging my clothes in the closet business .
 They work fine they are just what I needed to fix the problem in my closet . I would recommend them
 I use these hooks in my daugther 's closet and the one she had broke . I was not able to find these in the stores and this one works great .
 The hanger worked perfect to replace an old broken hanger . The plastic seemed a little more brittle and cheaper than the original but I have had it installed for over a month so far so good .
 Perfect brace to stailize my overstuffed closet heavy and sagging under the weight of my wardrobe?Have placed them every 12 '' and now my closet is much stronger and I do n't fear it 's collapse .
 Our closet rods are 12 years old so it was difficult to find parts at the local stores . I was happy to be able to order on line and the ended up being cheaper when finally purchased . The arrived when expected . Easy to install .
 These work perfectly with old Closet-maid systems . I put in extra supports after one bar fell down earlier this year .
 This product was great and met all expectations . Excellent delivery service . It worked perfect for replacing the original Closet Maid that broke.In short , highly recommended product and dealer .
 Product works well for hanging support bar and is easy to install . I would suggest using several spaced evenly along the bar to give it more added support.Was very surprised when one of ours cracked that Lowe 's , Menard 's , & Home Depot did n't carry the supports locally . Was pleased to find that I could still get the parts on the internet .
 The one I had hanging in my closet broke and with working 2 jobs I find it hard to find time to go to a hardware store . So , I decided I would check amazon and they had a replacement piece . I purchased it had it in less than a week and got my closet back to normal .
 Needed it to replace a broken one in my closet and could n't find this in any home stores , so I 'm very happy to have found it here . Now I do n't have to change my entire closet shelving system !
 I doubt I would have bought this had I just seen it in the store . It looks completely insufficient to the task . But the reviews and Amazon 's excellent return policies helped me take the plunge . And am I glad . It is unbelievably lightweight , flexible and easy to manage . I 'm a trim -LRB- finish -RRB- carpenter and have wrestled with hoses for too many years . I 've tried the cordless nail guns , but their weight and size were n't to my liking at all . So far -LRB- about 3 weeks -RRB- I feel the hose problem has been solved . Try it , you wo n't believe the difference . Most of the time I use 18 gauge nailers and occasionally a framing nailer . No problem pushing either one . Rapid fire 5 or 6 31/2 '' nails in a row and no difference noted . But I ca n't speak to nailing off a deck or roof . Durability is the only question remaining . So far , all indications are that it will be at least as durable as my old ones .
 This product was just as avertised . Its very light and easy to use on an air gun . The color is easy to see among the dirt on the floor.It doesnt have a tendency to kink . If anything it does get a little brittle when the temperature drops below 40f . Not sure about wear and tear as yet .
 My dad uses these for his work he welds . They show both metric and standard measurments and the print is big enough to read . You ca n't find them around here in any store .
 I was extremely pleased to find a great product at a competitive price . Support staff were very helpful in answering my questions and made sure I was satisfied with my order . I will be sure to buy from them again !
 Grohe Europlus II kitchen faucetClick on `` see customer image '' above for photo of the items included in the box . -LRB- The spring in the upper part of the photo is shipped in its compressed state . -RRB- Cons : - During installation , when tightening the C-shaped brace on the underside of the faucet , if you 're not careful , the supplied rubber washer could be set in a position that would bind the chrome hose from sliding in and out of the faucet . Grohe should address this issue to preclude installation problems and subsequent calls to their help desk . - Like all kitchen faucets , this one is rated at 2.2 gallons per minute at 60 PSI , which is a Federal Standard meant to reduce water consumption . However , some faucets use a metal disc with a small hole in the center , just prior to the aerator , to restrict water flow - simply remove that disc , and full flow is restored . My `` beef '' with the Grohe , and it 's a minor one , is that the aerator itself slows water flow and since it 's a sealed unit , it ca n't be opened-up to let more water through.To clarify
 After 10 years service , the plastic piece that attaches the hose to the faucet spray cracked . In order to get life time Warranty for original owners , you have to keep your receipt according to its web site . But who would keep the receipt for 10 years ? I wrote an email to the customer service , stating that I am an original owner but do n't have original receipt . To my surprise , they replied email the next day , and sent the part right after . While we was uninstalling the broken faucet for this expected waiting time , we accidentally broke the quick coupling parts . I wrote them again , without any question , the parts again arrived within 4 business days . What a great service !
 I purchased Grohe fixtures exclusively for my kitchen and bath remodel in 1999 ; the Grohe fixtures served me very well and they are vey durable . The pull-out kitchen faucet still works beautifully , however the rubber covering the two buttons -LRB- spray vs. stream -RRB- disintegrated after about 8 years . I wrote to Grohe recently and asked for a replacement handle , stating that I still have the original receipt . The replacement handle was shipped immediately , so I am extremely happy with the way the manufacturer honored my claim for replacement . All that after 10 + years , and the faucet is still working nicely !
 This is a great faucet . Do n't listen to the 2009 reviewers complaining about the spout not swiveling back and forth . I asked our plumber about this and he said that Grohe fixed the problem . All of his faucets in his house are Grohe . Be sure to keep a copy of your receipt and Grohe will give you replacement parts FREE ... do n't know what one of the other reviewers was complaining about spending another $ 50 etc when Grohe will send you the parts for free . Ca n't get a better warranty than that . I 've had this faucet for a month now and it works great . Replaced a Moen Extensa which lasted about 8 years and was a piece of junk . Will buy Grohe from now on ; well worth the extra bucks versus Moen or Delta.Apr 2012 Update
 This faucet is the best I have ever used . The open handle is ideal for hooking with a little finger and instantly flipping exactly where you need it . The pullout is great , with both spray and standard functions.I bought it about five years ago and it has worked perfectly ever since . We later moved into a new house and converted the old one to a rental and have never had any issues with the faucet . The earlier reviewer must have been pretty harsh with his Europlus . Any faucet will crack and perform poorly if you drop a few pots and pans on it !
 This is the 2 `` x48 '' Kalamazoo belt sander . It 's made of sheared , folded and welded steel . It is of medium quality and medium power.I have this sander and have been running it for about 6 months . The thing works great when you want to do a lot of consistent grinding -- as the setup of the machine is somewhat cumbersome . For instance , the same bolt that adjusts the platen position also adjust the position of the guard . You 'll find you need either four -LRB- 4 -RRB- hands or some tricks to adjust _ only _ the platen but not the guard as well . This is a real design compromise done in favor of saving the cost of a few bolts and a few extra punch-outs . The only other complaint I have is that the platen does n't appear to be hardened . My machine has concave sections worn into the platen in the areas I use most frequently for grinding . Count on fabricating -LRB- and heat treating -RRB- your own platen if you want to make nice flat grinds with this machine . Perhaps there is a backer plate material that can be used.Also , the platen is painted , so plan on breathing the paint dust for the first few weeks you use the machine.Otherwise , this is a great tool that uses the cheap 2x48 belts that come in every imagineable grit and material . I love the tool , I hate the corner cutting . -- chicago , il
 Good things - powerful sander , Baldor motor comes to full RPM almost instantly . Very easy to change belts , uses a swing-lever -LRB- not visible in pictures -RRB- to provide leverage to depress tension spring . I did n't realize how important easy-to-change belts was until I started using this unit . Now I use the right belt for the right situation without any fuss . Easy to adjust tracking , loosen knob on side , twist upper wheel slightly -LRB- sounds hokey , works really well -RRB- . Strong belt-tension , the spring inside the vertical tube is powerful.Not-so-good things - this is n't a high-end sander , do n't expect a finely crafted and finished product . The things that are important are sturdy -LRB- motor , support tube , locking knob -RRB- , the other things are sheet-metal or plate steel . Kalamazoo has done a great job in providing an American made sander at a reasonable cost . It uses a standard rubber caster-wheel -LRB- trued on a lathe or something -RRB- as a drive wheel . The belt-change swing-lever catch is n't the most secure -LRB- I filed a notch in the sheet-metal to catch it at the bottom and keep it from springing back up -RRB- . Summary - I love the machine and use it for all sorts of things , sharpening , smoothing , metal-removal . I have a lot of confidence in the Baldor motor and the sturdy design . I 've acquired a full-range of belts and grind steel , HSS lathe bits , aluminum without any fuss . I DO N'T use it for knife-grinding , I do n't know enough about knife-grinding to judge the unit .
 A hard to find item . The previous one lasted 15 + years of sliding up & down the track and thousands of rotations on the pin and had just enough wear to need replacement . Excellent quality , so I wished to replace it with the same .
 This Aero-Flo Roof Vent Cover was purchased as a replacement for the same cover we installed 6 years ago . A much better design , as the original had four clips that had to snap into slots to hold it together . As the material aged , the clips were much harder to snap . After 6 years the material become brittle and broke . The new design has elimimated the clips , and now has two good sized scews that hold it together .
 AERODYNAMIC VENT COVER . EASY INSTALLATION . OPENS LARGE FOR CLEANING . GREAT AMAZON PRICE AND FREE SHIPPING .
 i used it to put over a broken vent on my trailer . it was much easier than drilling out all the rivets on the old crank up vent and risking a water leak . it was a breeze to install . it is a bit bulky , but what the heck .
 Read the reviews here on Amazon and one review mentioned that they used it on a Fan-Tastic Vent with no problems . Well that was just what I wanted to hear and decided to give it a try . I was able to order three Camco 40421 covers with free shipping . Installation was not hard but if you want to use the nut and bolt option for a regular vent I had to drill out the diameter of the hole in the mounting bracket a little for the bolt to fit through . Each vent cover comes with self sinking screws -LRB- wood screws basically -RRB- and nut and bolt . On the Fan-Tastic Vent I used the self sinking screws and was just real careful when I drilled the pilot hole . After installation everything works great and I am very pleased . We will see how long they last but so far so good .
 My husband installed the Camco Aero-flo Roof Vent Covers with relative ease . The silver looks good on top of our aluminum roof car trailer . It is our hope that we will be able to open the roof vents and get some air circulation in the trailer without getting rain or snow inside . We have n't tested them as yet -LRB- driven down the road -RRB- but we are pretty sure they will do the job provided we can keep the roof vents from vibrating shut . These roof vent covers are well constructed and seem quite durable .
 Great service . Vender sent in 2 shipments in order to get them to me at the same time , as he had one and had to dropship the other . He did not charge me for the seperate shipment . The order was in perfect condition and very easy to install . I will use this vender whenever I can thanks .
 I have this on all 4 of my vents and broke 1 , this is a replacement . I now have perchased a total of 5 need I say more
 Purchased three of these over time to replace the existing sun damaged ones on my RV . Most critical to my purchase decision was that these be exact replacements to those I already had to ease installation . They also needed to be high enough to allow my OEM crank open vents to open up inside the covers . These vents met all of those requirements in my case . Your installation procedures and time may vary from mine depending on what you already have or do n't have.For me , installation consisted of popping open the top of the existing two-part cover ; removing four small stainless steel bolts that attached the cover to the aluminum brackets previously installed under the old installation ; and then reversing the process with the new cover . Unneeded brackets included with the new cover were discarded . Total time was about 15 minutes for each , including gathering the required tools.Tools used were a pair of screwdrivers -LRB- flat and phillips -RRB- and a 1/4 &#34; ratchet with a 6 &#34; extension and the appropriate size socket . In my case , the mounting screws were installed with the nut up when you opened the top of the vent . If you are replacing and the previous installer installed the bolts the other way , you will need an appropriately sized box wrench in place of the ratchet . These covers sit off the RV roof a small amount so there is room to get a box wrench in there to hold the nut from the bottom . You can use the box wrench to loosen the nut or turn the botl out with a screwdriver while holding the nut . My bolts were stainless so rust was not a problem . If the bolts are not stainless and are rusted , expect more of a problem removing the old ones . Use the new bolts included with the cover as replacements . Depending on whether or not you want to climb up your RV ladder , a separate ladder may also be required for rooftop access.Actually took me longer to gather the required tools than it did to replace the covers.Depending on where you camp , I have been told that a good life expectancy on these covers is about five years due to the sun 's ultraviolet damage . My front one was so brittle after about 7 years that a small tree limb hitting it in a campground shattered the top half of the cover , thus starting the whole process of replacing all three .
 was looking for new vent covers , bought some at camper world but they did n't fit the same . looked on internet found the identical replacement part , same style , same securment , etc. items shipped and arrived as stated . thank you .
 I purchased our three as replacements 4 years ago when we bought our used 5th wheel - just in case as one was damaged when we took delivery and did n't notice . So far , these have worked as hoped , we can leave a vent cracked while the trailer is in the drive or even traveling . As far as tough - pulled one off with a power line while backing into our driveway -LRB- a power company problem , since fixed -RRB- , it dropped 12 feet with no other damage but the bolt holes . Put it back , used new bolts and some fender washers and 2 years later still as good as before the day it came down
 pretty much a breeze to install took about 20-30 minutes per unit to drill and place on top of rig.does limit the full open travel height of normal vents but not enought to hinder ventilation.in the windy west , New Mexico works good for keeping vents from being blown around by the 30-50 mph gust.Can ' t say about keeping the rain out have n't traveled to a state yet that gets rain.Overall easy to install and has a lower profile than max air vents which normally reach the height of the ac units .
 Purchased a roof fan air vent by Camco . My husband was thrilled with the ease of securing it , the side air flow along with the rear . This product worked with Fantastic Fan which we were told would not . It is also $ 60 less than the competitor plus FREE SHIPPING ! Thank you camco and Amazon
 Very easy to install , great instructions . Protects roof vent , allows a lot of air in .
 Installation was relatively easy on my Fantastic fan . Just followed the instructions and total install time was less than 45 min . I have a small rv and the cover -LRB- white opaque ordered -RRB- appears to be less bulky and lower than most of the vent covers of this type when viewed from the exterior . The cover height provides adequate room for the Fantastic lid to be raised three quarters open which allows the fan to be operated on high speed . No negatives from my observation .
 I bought a Fan-tastic vent -LRB- exhaust only -RRB- to replace a really cheezy , cheap vent that came on my truck camper top . Looking at some of the types available & reviews , I tried the AERO-FLO vent cover by -LRB- Camco RV -RRB- . The components are produced without flaws or problems , and looks to be designed very well . I took some time installing the brackets - leaving a little more room at the hinge end/front of truck . When installed the vent opens to about 4 '' to turn on the fan-top limit switch , and opens completely -LRB- to top cover -RRB- at about 9-10 '' . It is supprising how much room is inside to raise the vent . I sprayed the hinge and closing screws with silicone , carefully putting them together . Of course , I would prefer something like a stainless steel hinge-rod , but for the inexpensive price and a well-made -LRB- USA -RRB- product , I am happy with it . Over time I will check the way it is attached -LRB- the self-tapping screws w/the lock washers needed to be used - and did n't hit anything behind the frame ! -RRB- and try not to hit it with too many tree branches .
 have been using these for the past 5 years on various campers and always satisfied with ease of mounting and functional design . no problems within 5 years of degredation of material . vent opens to 2/3 's of its full open capability inside of the cover .
 This product works well with the fantastic fan for a fraction of the price of some of the others marketed for the same purpose . I like the hinged design . Not sure about its ' long-term durability , but time will tell . Comes with hardware needed to install on traditional RV roof vents -LRB- mounted through metal framework -RRB- as well as hardware to mount on fantastic fans where the outer frame is plastic and you can not get to the back side of the housing .
 Camco Areo Flow Roof Vent work great , just like the ad said . It is low profile and easy to install . I am able to open the vent conver and leave it open while traveling down the road . Good product ata good price ...
 Used this over a bathroom fan in my travel trailer . Allows the vent to open and the fan to function . Easy install . You can leave your vent open , even in a hard rainstorm and no leaks . This is great for people like me who sometimes forget to close the vents . Good price fast ship .
 This level works as intended and looks nice too . Sturdy enough but not overly heavy . Does n't feel `` cheap '' or too lightweight . Open , topview is convenient and easy to read . Side bubbles are easy to read as well . No complaints with this level at all .
 Bought this to replace an outdoor sump pump that was incorrectly sized and installed by the contractor . The plastic construction does n't seem super rugged , but is probably OK for this light-duty installation.Being outdoors , there 's the possibility of freezing , which would almost certainly destroy the pump . I drilled a small -LRB- 1/16 '' -RRB- hole in the bottom of the veloute so any trapped water could drain out . This should n't affect the pump 's performance significantly.So far it 's working well . Have to check it occasionally to remove debris from the sump .
 During the recent heavy rainfall and flooding in my area of central PA , the only thing that stood between me and a flooded basement was my sump pump . I decided to get a backup sump pump in case my present one ever fails unexpectedly . This Flotec pump is the same model as the one I currently have which has served me faithfully for about 3 years . Based upon the history of the one I 've had , I can tell you that it is very reliable and dependable .
 Easily assembled , quite powerful . Excellent replacement pump , easily installed , especially in a smaller sump . As for durability , time will tell ...
 This is a great tool caddy ... lots of room , easy to move around , and can hold manual and power tools , and it is very stable.I was tired of trying to move things around to get to my wall hung tools.This caddy holds an entire wall of garden and yard tools in one small , movable space.For those who are having problems moving the caddy about , make sure the casters are in the correct mounting holes -LRB- 2 are marked for `` locking '' , and that the casters are unlocked when you are pushing the caddy around.The caddy is only meant to be moved on a hard surface like the garage floor , not on the lawn .
 Rubbermaid really knows how to create a brand and keep its reputation high . This excellent tool organizer can be put together in 10 minutes , without tools or instructions . It really is intuitive - - or just look at the picture of the finished product . It is made entirely out of plastic , which is a plus
 Love this tool Rack . My tools are no longer strewn all over my back patio . The Patio looks nice & tidy now . Whenever I need a tool now I can just go to this tool tower & find it . No more wasting time going back & forth between the garage & patio searching for the tool I need . It holds plenty of tools & you can roll it around if you need to . Easy assembly too , my husband had it put together in a matter of minutes . Would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 Product is exactly what I needed to organize garage . Can store a variety of tools , small and large . Great value .
 This Tool Caddy is exactly what I wanted . I can move it at will for easy cleaning .
 Great product - All my tools are now off the garage walls and in the tool caddy . Easy to move for cleaning floor .
 Nice product made a little cheap but works great once I figured out the best way to put my tools in there I have 20 garden tools plus my weedwacker .
 THe only thing i had issue with was that one of the casters did not go in as deep as i woud like . Other than that , set-up was a snap . The casters work fine and i was able to put all of my tools on it without any problems . I really like the fact that you have different size holes . I wish i had a few more of the larger ones to fit tools with a rubber grip .
 Great addition for the garage for storage of all those long-handled gardening tools . Perfect location is the corner of the garage since it does not take much space and there is still plenty of room left over to park your car .
 this product is a good one . . good way to keep all those lawn things in one place thats for sure . . just not very sturdy/kinda wobbly . . as long as no one is hanging on it etc it 'll be fine . . just kind of a weak structure . .
 This product is extremely well priced . Grainger had NOTHING even close in quality or price , and even our local Hardware store would have cost more for the same product ... and this was delivered to our warehouse . We would have had to pick up the item from the local store . We purchased three of these for one manufacturing location and two more for a second location . We are extremely pleased with the product and feel it was well represented on Amazon .
 Great product for storing all your messy tools . It 's not the most sturdy , but really doesnt need to be . I would recommend to others .
 This storage unit is everything it says it is and more . For once my garage is organized . I used to waste so much wall space with all my yard equipment . You ca n't go wrong in getting this product . No brainer .
 I could n't be happier , all of my tools are now located in one place , and they are all organized . This Deluxe Tool Tower really does hold many many tools . I have included other items on the `` floor '' of this organizer too . Since my tools are fairly heavy , I would n't be inclined roll the unit around . The organizer is slightly loose . That does n't mean it is going to come apart . I think it is quite robust if left in place .
 This is just what I needed to get my tools in order . Now the garage is in order and I dont have to hunt for my tools .
 Exactly what I needed . It is not top heavy . The rolling casters make it easy to move to sweep under.Garden tools clamp easily .
 To put this together you do n't need tools or screws ... everything just snaps right into place . I had all kinds of tools all over my shed and now they 're standing up in this gadget and I can actually walk around in there !
 For years I 've fought with garden tool storage from bunching up in a corner or hangingon the walls of the garage . The two units brought me `` relief '' now that all my tools areorganized . Pulling the tool that I need takes seconds rather than the minutes of fishingthrough a stack to get what I need . Thanks Rubbermaid for making my gardening experience apleasurable one .
 I am a professional organizer and I bought this for our basement to organize my father 's tools . It holds a lot of stuff . It definitely made our basement less cluttered . It went from 20 or so tools all leaned up against the wall , to now being able to have everything neatly contained in about a 3-foot space . It is n't great if you have weird bulky items , but for the normal stuff , it works wonders . Worth the money ! I 'm making my mom buy one for her garage !
 This rack is sturdy and holds the tools that would normally be scattered all over my 3-car garage . This keeps all the rakes , shovels , brooms and other tall items in one corner . We no longer have to look here and there to find stuff and the garage looks so much more organized and tidy . It has castors but I would n't recommend moving it when you 've got it packed with stuff as it appears too heavy/clumsy to move about . I keep it in one spot and it works great .
 Normally , I would give a cheap plastic item like this two or three stars for a price tag of around $ 50 , but I have made an exception for this wonderful product here . If there was a king of cheap plastic products , I suppose rubber made should have the crown.When I first un-boxed this item prior to assembly , I was quite concerned about how stable it would be . After the 10 second assembly -LRB- 2 seconds of looking at the picture on the box and 8 seconds to then put it together -RRB- I was quite surprised how study it really is . As long as I do n't toss/yank my tools around when I am storing/removing them , I would be the least bit surprised to see this thing last a life time.Did I mention yet how nicely all my tools are organized in the garage as apposed to the previous pyramid stacking in the corner . Before to get to one tool I would have to move two or more items , now I can just reach and grab the one I want . That is something worth paying more for.All that being said I give it five stars . Although I believe this item could be cheaper , being that it may last a very long time I can understand Rubbermaid wanting a bit more profit for it . Also you would be hard pressed to find it cheaper than this .
 I bought this product for a garden shed to organize yard tools , such as rakes , hoes , ect . I was very pleased with it . It snaps together easily . Its tough and durable . And works quite well to organize and keep all your garden tools in one spot . Your long handeled tools mount along the front , and there are places for you hand tools in the middle . I would recommend it . Good organizer .
 This item is a `` must have '' for someone who wants to manage all their miscellaneous garden/garage tools , but does n't want to use every available inch of wall space . The unit is easy to assemble ; the four legs snap into the bottom and top , and four casters -LRB- two locking -RRB- snap into the bottom . Although I wish the plastic was little more substantial , the unit is sturdy enough in my opinion . It presently holds 3 rakes , 2 hoes , 2 shovels , 2 brooms , several window washing tools/poles , a pruning saw , an ax , and several handheld garden tools which I placed in available holes . Many of these items are quite heavy , but there is no bowing or distension of the plastic . I could n't be more pleased , and given the price/space considerations , I recommend this unit without hesitation .
 This tool rack is great , and has helped me de-clutter my garage . The problem I see is that it holds too many tools for the plastic frame and casters to support . Trying to move it around becomes a challenge , as it has become top-heavy . The plastic frame is not rigid enough to hold its shape when rolling it around . I am going to buy a second rack and spread out the load . Overall , I am happy with the product .
 Its a nice product but I feel that it could have been constructed to be more durrable . But overall I like it . Easy to set up and store your tools
 I still have n't filled it up and it 's holding 2 snow shovels , 3 rakes , 3 shovels , a couple brooms , some pruners , hoes and misc . gardening supplies . It 's also nice to be able to roll it around from place to place ... definitely a good purchase for anyone who wants to clean up and organize their garage/shed/barn .
 The tool tower is o.k. . It holds together well on concrete but when on an uneven surface like dirt , gravel or grass it has the tendency to fall apart i.e. the rubber poles can come out of their holdings . However , they do n't break , so nothing gained nothing lossed . Like I said , best used on flat surfaces . There are lots of holes for tools , even small tools like trowells , weed pickers , etc. .
 Purchased this tool rack not long after we got our shed . I wanted to save the wall space for shelving by not putting hooks/hangers & the tools . This tool rack was the right solution for savingg a lot of space & organizing your stuff . It approximately takes about 31/2 ' X 2 ' of surface area & that includes shovel , broom , rake , etc. already in place . Plastics are hard & rigid , height is just about right for the longest broom not to move around being top heavy . I placed the two heaviest on opposite sides just for stability & also I preferred not to use the provided crasters . Only negative I guess is the packing , it was unnecessarily large & contained lots of paper to fill the space .
 the execution of this product is a great job !! it 's sturdy , many places to set tools - can handle different size and length handles ... there are indents all the way around to handle the smaller stuff that can hang to the side ... just very well done - easy to put together and had it filled in a minutei had an old wooden thing that i kept rebuilding , i wish i knew about this earlier - it 's just what is need to keep that awkward garage stuff organized and standing up , easy to get to !!!
 This product is everything it said it would be . Easy to put together and holds many tools in a neat and organized manner .
 I bought this after being tired of taking a whole wall for my big tools . Now one corner of the garage packs all the brooms , shovels , etc. . I like the fact that it has both holes and snap ons for the tools and that the base can capture all the dust and soil falling off the tools after you put them there . Great purchase for people with many long tools .
 My husband got this as a Christmas gift from me . I read the reviews first and I have to say that it works great and is fully functional as intended .
 Does exactly what it says it will do and keeps everything nice and organized . Product is also easy to assemble .
 Love this rack for ease of assembly and its portability versus a fixed tool rack . Although lightweight , it does a decent job in organizing and storing garden tool with pole handles . Can easily roll the rack around in our garage .
 Very easy to put together and holds oodles of yard tools & assessories . Great price on Amazon , much better than anywhere else I could find . If your shed needs some more space ... this tool rack will be your space maker . I am very satisfied .
 I love this rack . It fits all of our tools , saving a ton of space in the garage . Wish I had purchased sooner .
 We purchased this as an after Christmas gift to ourselves to help organize the garage , and I got to say it 's really nice . It came in a huge box from Amazon , so we thought building this thing was going to be a nightmare . By the time we pulled the parts out of the box and connected them together , it took us less than 10 minutes . The wheels on the bottom are really nice to have for moving around on a garage floor , and there are plenty of slots for putting anything from weed whackers , shovels , and cords . Highly recommend this !
 Great product to organize tools , easy to assemble , stable when loaded , a real space saver and accommodates various sizes and shapes .
 In organizing our garage , I was looking at several different tool organizers . I finally settled on this one when I saw that you could store many tools with handles , as opposed to other tool organizers . It works perfectly , and is a lot stronger than I initially gave it credit for . It took about 5 minutes and a rubber mallet to put together , and another 15 minutes to locate all of the tools to get them on here -LRB- but no more ! -RRB- . The only complaint , and not really a complaint since I 'm giving it 5 stars , is that I thought the poles were metal . They 're hard plastic , but the picture makes them look metal-ly .
 The tool tower assembled in a jiffy and within 10 minutes I had a my yard tools off the garage floor and neatly organized . Great value but I do not dare move the thing . The plastic support rods would be better served if changed to rigid metal that lock into place . The casters do not roll well and pulling on the top shelf will cause it to pop off the support legs or cause the tools to shift around . The casters are only good for maybe moving the thing a few feet from the garage wall to sweep behind it . All in all it does the job for static storage and is a good value . All the upgrades to improve it would just add cost .
 This tool holder really does the job . There was a spot for all the clutter that 's been strewn about the garage or balanced against the walls . I 'm no longer getting clunked on the head trying to pull a broom out from the stash of rakes , shovels , etc. . I was able to assemble it in a couple of minutes without tools . I highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to organize their yard tools .
 yes i like the idea of everything in its place , but this is a lot cheapy and wobbly . i would not buy it again . good price yes , is working for me , but would have liked something more solid from the bottom .
 Love this thing . Could n't be better for the money . Fits lots of tools , simple to assemble , and easily rolls wherever you want it . I 've got it holding all my hand garden tools as well as large spades , rakes , and brooms .
 I was concerned that this organizer might be ` wimpy . ' As a landscape contractor I store a set of tools for home use that is relatively extensive . Needing to organize our garage I purchased two with high hopes . I 'm delighted to say , I 'm quite impressed with the amount of tools I could store and the stability of a very easy to assemble organizer . I 've now ordered a third organizer for our community garden tools . You go Rubbermaid !
 My husband got this for fathers day , it was super easy to put together and holds all of our tools -LRB- instead of leaning in the corner -RRB- . The wheels work great and will be nice to move when we sweep out the garage . I will definately be recommending it to others .
 The Rubbermaid Tool Tower was easy to put together . We were able to quickly gather up and store all the tools that were either hanging all over the walls of the garage or simply lying on the floor . I would recommend it but , make sure you look at the dimensions .
 This garden tool organizer is great , i thought it wasnt going to be all that good when i baught it but i was wrong its great . I put all my garden tools and some other heavy stuff there too and it holds it like nothing . Its realy strong for being plastic its not like those other cheap ones that tilt back and forth . If your looking in to having a tool organizer this one is the best one .
 Very nice product , was very to put together and very sturdy . I like the fact that it 's mobile.Thank-you
 Holds all the lawn stuff and seems sturdy enough . I like the shelf on the bottom and the fact that you can roll the whole works out to the lawn .
 This rack is great due to the casters . I 'm a clean freak in my garage and moving the rack is easy to clean behind . It went together easily and for what I paid for it I could n't have built a rack that functions a well as this does . I ordered it and the following day it was here !!
 Great for organizing a small outside shed/garage . The wheels have locks on them so that you can choose to have it mobile/immobile . For being constructed out of a heavy plastic material , it 's very sturdy and seems to be able to hold a lot of weight/tools .
 I am rating this 4 stars because I think it is a good product , it just is not working for me in my anticipated location.I bought this design because the tool supports were much higher . I figured that this would be more stable . What I had n't accounted for was having to be able to lift the tool high enough to get it into the holes . I have a covered area for my lawn equipment , and the roof is lower than standard . It does have some pressure clip style holders where you need not lift the tool into the support , but some of my shovels have handles too large to force in there . It is well made , a cinch to put together -LRB- like a minute -RRB- , and rolls just okay with a full load . My concrete was broomed fairly rough though , so that it was not slippery , so that is probably the issue there . For me , it is such a pain to get things in and out , that I find I am now beginning to just lean things up against it . Kind of defeats the purpose here , but overall has lots of storage and would probably be great inside of a garage , or something . I think even in one of the full size detached tool sheds , the ` headroom ' problem would be an issue . So beware . : - -LRB-
 This tool rack has made my garage much more manageable . I 've got a weed whacker , 3 rakes , 4 shovels , pick axe , axe , 2 snow shovels , pitch fork , post hole digger and more stored on this thing and it is great . The wheels let me swing it across the garage or onto the driveway so I can have several tools close at hand without trying to juggle carrying them . It looks nice and does what it 's supposed to do . Definitely recommend this in your garage .
 God , I should have bought this seven years ago when we moved into this house ! It 's simply perfect . There 's a spot for everything and it sits right next to the door where I can grab 'em on the way out .
 Very easy setup . Does exactly what I wanted it to do ... help organize my yard tools . Well worth the price and I would definitely purchase this product again if I needed another one .
 Our garden tool area was a disaster . We had been considering one of these racks for years , but often do n't act on ideas we have . When I found the large box we had tools stored in collapsed and on the ground , that was the last straw . I immediately went to the computer , opened our Amazon account and searched for this cart . Ordering was quick and easy . Shipping was free . It arrived within days and was simple to assemble . In less that half an hour the tool area was organized and the garden tools easily accessible . It 's a great item . My only regret is I waited so long .
 I wanted something to organize my tools and was amazed that Home Depot did n't have something similar . I put it together easily and it does hold all the tools nicely . After I bought this , I saw something similar at Lowes for like $ 30 . So , who knows ?
 Great way to organize tools ! As usual , Rubbermaid delivers another quality product . I have organized my tools all on one rack and am very pleased with this product.Dave R.Greenwell Springs , LA
 We recently had the inside of our garage finished , which meant we could no longer hang stuff on the wall . We had to find something to hold things . My wife found a similar product at the local home improvement center but none of the reviews were positive . She found this item on your web site and checked the customer reviews and they were all positive . She saw the name of the manufacturer and that clinched it . We have dozens of Rubbermaid products around the house , from shelf liners to laundry basket and hamper . It arrived in a couple of days . She assembled in a few minutes and loaded it up with the shovel , rake , broom and whatnot . Its perfect . It may not be the pretties thing in the garage but it does what it was make for . Would we recommend this to others , You bet .
 I was looking around for something just like this . Funny I would find it on Amazon . Could n't find anything like it in the stores . It 's not made of solid metal ... It 's plastic folks ! But it works great ! Keeps my garage organized nicely .
 Is very easy to put together , took 5 mins . Holds good many long handled garden tools and the wheels makes it very mobile . is very handly if i need to use a number of tools . I no longer walk too well andcutting down on my trips to the shead is helpful . it stores easy . plus you can keep small hand tools alsoit keeps 40 tools which would include the small hand tools , Rubbermaid 5E28 Deluxe Tool Tower Rack with Casters , Holds 40 Tools
 I ordered this for my brother also and he loves it as much as I do . We both have order others where they fall apart so easy and we just threw them away . This one is very strong and sturdy and is still outside in my back yard working great and holding lots of tools .
 Very good for tool organiztion . Easy access to stored tools . For winter tools you can position it to control the run off . Good buy .
 This product works great to hold a lot of tools , particularly the long handled ones . Fits nicely in the back corner of my garage . Well worth the price .
 This Rubbermaid deluxe tool tower rack -LRB- purchased from Amazon -RRB- was truly easy to assemble and nicely stores a diversity of `` tools , '' including my fishing rods and reels . I used the suggestion from another reviewer to place shovels with the `` head '' on the bottom , which stabilized the rack . The casters work , making it easy for me to move around if necessary . I have household cleaning tools , outdoor gardening tools , and fishing rods and reels stored on this handy , sturdy rack . I even hang my water bucket on the outside hooks .
 This item worked perfect for in my shed -LRB- suncast alpine -RRB- . It was very easy to put together . The only down sides are that it 's a bit tall so you have to wiggle items in with the shed roof in the way and there are not any slots on the lower base so items can slide around a bit . These are pretty minor issues though so it gets my 5 rating .
 This product was easy to assemble and provide room for many `` garage '' tools . The only problems with it are that the space on both ends that I believed I could store electrical cords on does not provide adequate space . When storing tools like shovels it is best to store them with the shovel end down as if too many tools have the tool end up the cart is not heavy enough to support them and will fall over . I laid a splitting mall across the bottom for weight . Otherwise this is n't too bad and allows me to move the tools out of the way when cleaning the garage .
 I was going to build one of these myself , but my wife found the same idea manufactured by Rubbermaid on line at Amazon . The price was cheaper than it would have been had I bought the materials myself , assembly was SUPER easy , the product is sturdy , and it does all it is advertised to do . I could not be more satisfied with it -- and I am very hard to please ! I recommend it to everyone . -LRB- And , no , I am not an employee of Rubbermaid or Amazon . -RRB- Rubbermaid 5E28 Deluxe Tool Tower Rack with Casters , Holds 40 Tools
 Very good quality and was able to fit a substantial amount of tools in it . Organized my outside shed quite nicely . Also , with the larger bottom shelf , it is very stable .
 This a perfect rack for small hand tools just as long as you do n't overload it . And the casters lock in place so they do n't roll around your garage .
 This is a Organizer 's DREAM !!!! It 's 50 bucks , Id ' say it 's worth it !! I love it ... my mom loves it !!!! It holds anything and everything you need .
 Just what the doc ordered . Rolls around the garage very readily . Great amount of versatility for my tools to include weed eaters , edger and blower
 What a great product ! Good quality Easy to assemble . Really like the casters for moving around tools as required . The design has a great selection of different size holes and handle clips for all your long handle gardening tool needs .
 This tool storage rack received in mid-October 2012 has proven to be just the thing I needed to get all my garden tools off of the floor in my garage and make this valuable space available for other things.Along with my brooms , my garden tools are now all neatly organized and tucked away in a corner . The fact that this rack has casters makes accessing needed tools easy . And I still have some additional room available for future acquisitions -LRB- about 10 openings/slots or so -RRB- . The first rack that I received came without the casters , but Amazon made me a happy camper by sending a replacement rack right away.Some people have complained about the `` cheap quality '' of the casters , but if your 're only sporadically moving the rack back and forth over short distances in your garage to access tools I do n't see that there are any quality/durability concerns with the casters.If you plan on regularly moving your rack of garden tools over longer distances from location `` A '' to location `` B '' , then this is probably not the tool tower rack for you.You 're not just going to have issues with caster quality , but the rack itself is not the most sturdy/durable design -LRB- all plastic -RRB- for this type of more demanding use . If this is your intention , you would probably be better off with an `` all-metal '' rack of some sort with 5-inch casters for easier mobility.On the other hand , if in-garage organization and eliminating clutter is your primary concern , then you will be well served by this handy dandy , high capacity -LRB- 40 tools -RRB- and extremely easy to assemble Rubbermaid rack.I give it 4 out of 5 stars , because I do think that the rack design still could be improved to result in a more sturdy/durable item overall .
 I really like this organizer . It fits everything in such an orderly manner and was priced right . It arrived in perfect condition .
 This organizer is great for that big mess in the corner of the garage of long handledyard tools , snow shovels , string trimmer , and brooms . This messy spot has always beena problem and now it looks great and the longer narrow design of the cart makes it fiteasily along the wall and not take up car space . The wheels are pretty much useless ifthe cart is loaded but all in all a great product that I would recommend .
 I received this `` tool tower '' today and had it out of the box and assembled in about four minutes . There were no assembly instructions , but that 's okay , because it is very obvious . There are only ten parts and you really ca n't put them together wrong . Who needs instructions?It is certainly doing the job it 's advertised for -- clearing some tool clutter off my garage floor . The only thing I am disappointed about is the casters , which are junk . For that reason , I gave it only `` four stars . '' It is inexpensive , though , and I would buy another one if I suddenly decided I needed ten rakes . I might actually do that to get all my `` tiki torches '' organized !
 I recently bought a 11 ' x 13.5 ' shed and needed something to organize my garden tools . I was initially thinking of a tool corral , but all those really do is bunch the tools up in one section . I could almost do that myself by just putting everything in a corner or even in a bucket if necessary . Ultimately I decided I did n't want to deal with the mess . I 've seen these before , but I guess many were off season -LRB- I bought it in the winter -RRB- , so my local home improvement stores did n't have any . I needed it right away so since they were n't in stores , Amazon Prime was my next best bet.It turns out I 'm really glad I went with this rack . It came in a day -LRB- with Amazon Prime -RRB- and its really easy to assemble . You just take the 2 large plastic pieces -LRB- rack and platform -RRB- , and connect it with the 4 legs by pushing them in to the predetermined holes . The casters go on the same way . No hardware is required.I was able to put all my tools in there with room to spare . It 's sturdy and very well organized . Even my weed trimmer fits well . In the end it is a good product and well worth the money .
 i ca n't believe how really good this tool tower turned out . i quickly snapped the few parts together and was ready to go ! the wheels went in with a little help from the heel of my shoe , as they have a tiny ring seemingly in the way ... but it 's purpose is to keep the wheel snugly in place ... not a problem.my neighbor was floored to see the results , with a full load of everything from a mop to a sledge hammer and a pick ax ! it stood in a cornor with a chest of drawers blocking it in . i dramatically displayed my pinkey finger , inserted it in a small extension on the tower and smoothly and with no effort pulled the whole tower out to fetch from the far side . it glided out like silk , and went back -LRB- same pinkey -RRB- in exactly the same position ... laden with a full load of all my heavy equipment . is that cool or what ? oh , and i made a real effort to shake and tip the whole thing to no avail.gotta say it ... this product tops the list of my favorite purchases .
 This definitely beats having all the long handled tools lining the walls of my garden shed . It definitely does its job ! Seems pretty sturdy so far . I did n't use the casters since I do n't ever plan on moving it . From my experience , the more you move something like this , the more it 's likely to break . I 'd recommend it to anyone who wants to organize their garden tools .
 The Rubbermaid Tool Tower is so simple to assemble . It is relatively sturdy as long as you appropriately balance your tools along the rack . I have stored it in my tool shed . The feature I love most is the cart 's mobility because it is on caster wheels . It is reasonably priced for such a great product . A real problem solver if space is an issue for you . I highly recommend the Tool Tower
 This tool tower rack is exactly what I needed to organize my gardening tools . It holds all the tools with room to spare , and the fact that it is on casters makes it easy to transport it to wherever it 's needed . The rack is sturdy and stable . It wo n't wobble if you balance the weight by putting the heavy end of the tools downward on the rack . The clips on the front of the rack accommodate the heavier tools . Refer to the product photo to see how to arrange the tools properly . I 'm very pleased with this rack .
 Had a really hard time finding the perfect one and this is it !!! It was super easy to put together and seems very durable with lots of versatility . I would totally recommend this to anyone with space and organization issues .
 Easy to assemble and just right for the tools in the corner of the garage .
 This rack was $ 10 cheaper than the one made by Suncast , so I bought it . It 's okay . A bit flimsy , though . When I roll it , it tends to shake a bit . Must be careful when lifting the assembled rack
 Finally , all of our tools are organized in one place . The rack went together like a breeze . . just snap parts together.Plus it is moble and makes for easy relocation when necessary . I would recommend to everyone that is tired of hanging tools on the wall .
 Fantastic organizer . Assembly was a piece of cake -- no tools required . Very sturdy and holds a TON . Do n't hesitate -- get it !
 This rack provides an inexpensive and efficient way to organize garden tools . It holds all my tools , including a weed wacker , edger , rakes , shovel , broom , clipper , shears , etc. . It 's perfect for my needs .
 I love the fact that this product saves a ton of space in my shed . It makes finding tools so much easier . Sorry I did n't buy it earlier .
 I 've had a couple of other tool towers and they 've only lasted a couple of years and they did n't hold as much as this product did . The reviews on Amazon helped me to decide to purchase this and I 'm really glad I did . This tower is much sturdier than any other I purchased and I anticipate it lasting much longer than the other ones . It is heavier so I 'm not worried about it blowing over . It also holds a lot more tools than my previous tool towers .
 This is just what I was looking for . It freed up a bunch of space for me . It is a little more flimsy than I thought but it 's really not bad . I recommend it .
 Easy to assemble , one look at box or illustration and you are a pro at storing your tools . Very satisfied .
 The rack does what it 's supposed to do . Very easy to put together , rolls easily on cement floor . Holds snow shovels and rakes well . I have one shovel for digging that the wood is thicker and it does n't have a slot for it so I lean it against the rack . I do n't think it will hold as many tools as they say but holds more than enough I think for the average home owner .
 we have this item , and have for 3 years . When our son and wife bought their first house , we got him one for his birthday - it is a way to organize things in a relatively small area in the garage or shop . May have to get our other son one now that he and his wife have their first new house ! Quite durable ! and stable , ours has never fallen over or shifted !
 Perfect for what we needed - the garden tools , shovels , etc. . NOT leaning against the garage wall and falling down ! CK
 I found this organizer to be everything I was looking for . I needed someplace to store my garden tools that were just thrown into a metal shed when I was done . There is a lot of ways to place your tools in the Tower to get the most advantage of storage .
 This was extremely easy to put together ; it took 5 minutes and no tools were needed . It holds many tools , is compact and convenient . I highly recommend this tool rack . It was money well spent .
 So far , so good , sturdy enough to keep my tools in place in the garage , and do n't want to give 5 stars because it 's to early to know how long it 'll last in good shape .
 This storage rack was easy to assemble and holds my garden tools in one convenient spot . It 's sturdy and has plenty of slots and holders that hold the tools securely . I was afraid it might become top heavy with all my tools in it . But I see no chance of it tipping over . The added bonus I discovered is how easily it rolls around . The wheels turn and swivel easily . So I can take my tools from front to back yard with no difficulty . I think it 's `` awesome '' .
 Really easy to put together . Fits plenty of tools and space . Only downside it is little unsteady when moving aroundbut I only keep it in one place so it 's not a big issue . It does the job .
 This is exactly what I expected it to be . I can put a bunch of tools on it , it 's sturdy enough , and rolls well enough to move it a bit if I need to . Only took me about 3 minutes to put it together .
 Accommodates the different tool configurations adequately . Allows the tools to be organized either with top or bottom orientation to accommodate the various tools . The casters are a convenient feature to move the entire tool loaded rack . In a loaded condition , though , the rack has to be held at each end to facilitate the movement . Took a couple of attempts in organizing the tools , with the various configurations , to maximize the storage when storing higher quantities of tools .
 I am very pleased with this product , and it is priced right for the consumer . I also have the unit that fits in the corner of my garage , and it also is very good . Finally , the unit is very stable if one follows the instructions and puts the heavy ends of things like shovels down .
 Excellent way to organize your tools . Super easy assembly . Wheels work only on smooth hard floors . Worth every cent . Now if Rubbermaid will just make a heavy duty model with large yard wheels , I will buy another .
 The tool rack is just perfect . For the price it can not be beat , plus its compact and holds lots of tools or garage items . I 'm sure it 'd fit your needs , as it has done for me . Amazon has the best price for this unit and you will not be disappointed . I highly recommend it ! I only have room in my garage for one , otherwise I would have ordered two . I 'll recommend this product to all my friends/family and if your looking for a tool rack , then this is the one ! Great product !! PS , I have tried to let it hold my weed eater , as I 'm not sure it has the weight to hold it without falling . Not a problem though , as I just lay my weed eater on the floor of my garage .
 The tool tower was easy to assemble and fit nicely in a small space in my garage . All the tools and brooms that were previously leaning against the wall fit neatly and now I can actually access them without causing an avalanche . I was also able to store other smaller gardening tools on the rack that were previously laying around the garage which helps me keep track of them .
 We got this just before moving to consolidate lots of tools from wall racks to something we could handle at a house with no garage -LRB- yet -RRB- . It was so easy to assemble I did it in the kitchen and it took only about five minutes . It took longer figuring out where to put everything than it did to put it together.It is very stable and the wheels make it very easy to move around . Basically , we stuck everything with a long handle in it and still have holes left over . The only knock I have on the unit is that there is no positive locations for the ends of the tools on the base so many of them flop around a bit making it somewhat harder to keep things organized . But even that is nothing compared to having all these tools handy and tangle free.I looked at several other similar units and Rubbermaid 's is much stronger and more stable . A good deal for the money . I highly recommend it for anyone trying to corral a number of yard tools in a small place .
 After many years of having my yard tools falling on the floor , hitting me in the head and near impossible to find in the pile they where in , Rubbermaid came to the rescue wirh this cart . With only 10 parts it took less than 10 min . to assemble.NOTE ; : :
 It stores my 30 + tools in a very small space . Better than using a wall or a can . Well worth the $ . Love the wheels . Easy to assemble . All plastic parts , but could be a little stronger .
 This product is great . It stores everything i have and holds them in a very organized fashion . Easy to assemble and well priced . It is by far a great product and recommend this for anyone with alot of tools to store .
 I love keeping things organized , and this tool rack really got my basement much better organized.There were a lot of details that I was not sure about when I purchased this unit . To high light these details I am attaching 13 photos organized in 3 photo collages under customer 's photos . Each photo has a unique number that I will be referencing in this review.The rack arrived in a huge box which looked a bit intimidating when I first saw it , I was not sure if I will be to carry it all by myself . Photo 1 & 2 show the package next to a chair for size reference . It turned out to be rather light , as the rack itself only took a small part of the box . I had to take it out of the box to carry it down to the basement.Photo 7 shows all the parts before I assembled them . It is best to assembled the rack first , and the flip it and add the coasters . This makes it easier to assembled it . I pounded on each leg -LRB- and coasters -RRB- with a mallet to make sure there is a good tight fit -LRB- Photo 8 -RRB- . Photo 12 and 13 show the lock mechanism for the legs between the two levels of the rack . The lock keeps the legs in the proper orientation for assembly.One thing I could not tell from the photos was the mechanism for holding handles on the front and sides of the rack . Photo # 9 and # 10 give a good view of them . The U shaped holders are pretty loose and the oval shape holders need to have things inserted from the top . I expected the U-shaped holders to have a squeeze mechanism which some of my other broom holders have . And in order to insert handles from the top you need to have enough clearance above the rack , which was a problem for some longer tools.Photo 11 shows the coasters . Notice that two of them have locks and two of them do not . In order to make locking of the wheels easy and convenient the wheels with locks to onto the front of the side of the rack . The coasters arrived with the locks locked , and all four feels looked almost identical . I read some reviews that mentioned that the rack did not roll well , and I wonder if the locks on coasters remained locked . When locks on the coaster were unlocked I am able to roll the rack pretty easily . When I lock them , it move but with difficulty as only two wheels roll well.Photos 3,4,5,6 show the rack loaded with the tools from different angles . I like the construction of the bottom shelve , it really catches the tools well and keeps them separated . The top has different size holes for different tools , and I found that helpful , but wish there were more big holes.Dimensions : The width -LRB- side to side -RRB- of the top shelf is 34 `` The depth -LRB- front to back -RRB- of the top shelf is 13.5 `` The width -LRB- side to side -RRB- of the bottom shelf is 37 `` The depth -LRB- front to back -RRB- of the bottom shelf is 20 `` The rack is 35 '' -LRB- i.e. from the floor to the top of the top shelf -RRB- The summary of minor flaws :1 . I would have preferred a squeeze mechanism to hold handles on the front and sides .2 . Instead of oval holes , I would have preferred some other closure that did not require so much overhead clearance3 . I would have preferred more big holes on the top shelveOverall , I am pleased with rack . I find it easy to move around the basement -LRB- I keep the coasters unlocked -RRB- . All my tools fit and I have some room for expansion.Ali Julia review
 Seems to be well designed and very easy to assemble . I am surprised at how much stuff I could put into and on this stand . I now have virtually all my yard/garden tools in one place so I do not have to hunt for them trying to remember where I last put them . Well worth the price .
 The Rubbermaid tool organizer is just what I needed
 This rack is holding ALL of my shovels , brooms , rakes , and other garden tools with ease ! I love that my tools are organized . The casters make the whole thing moveable which is nice for cleaning . It assembles easily in less than 10 minutes . I recommend it .
 There really is not much that I can say other than the product was just as described , the service was swift , arrived perfect , all I can really say is that I was very satisfied . There was one thing with Amazon , we almost did not order because we thought that we were going to have to pay shipping , that was not really clear , when we got into my account then we saw that we could get the free shipping , if not we would have looked up a store where we could purchase it , but all in all everything was to my satisfaction .
 This is a great product . It was easy to put together and is very sturdy . I am using it to help clean up the clutter in my garage .
 A good base for support of the tools - just make sure to even the weight of your tools when placing them in the tower .
 This holds all of my large collection of yard tools securely , and I love that I can move it to where I am working , unlike wall-mount tool storage systems . It 's very stable , and not in danger of tipping over . Super easy to assemble , too .
 When I decided to clean out and refresh my utility room I ordered this product . WOW!What a great idea ! The Tool Tower is sturdy , compact , easy to move around , good lookingand a whiz to assemble . Should have ordered one of these gems years ago . My utilityroom looks great with all the tools neatly stored in one area . Thanks for a GREAT PRODUCT !
 Very pleased with tool organizer . Was surprised that I had all those tools once they were all placed in the organizer .
 I am very pleased with the Rubbermaid Deluxe Tool Tower . The fact that it has casters makes it very easy to move around and when I 'm not using it there is a feature which allows me to ` put the brakes on ' so it does n't roll around when not in use .
 Very good quality , easy to assemble and can hold many tools than in the picture.Even though it has wheels , with all the tools it is bit hard to move around .
 I purchased 2 of these for my landscaping business to try to organize tools that get used often but not everyday . It holds a lot , but is top heavy . If it had a wider base or could be fastened down it would be great . I think it would be fine for a homeowner to use for a few miscellaneous tools .
 We cleaned our garage this past weekend and finally put together this tool rack and by far the best purchase we have ever made to getting our tools organized . Having that wide base on it WITH wheels mind you is the best design you could imagine for a tool rack . We had one of those light plastic corner racks ... you know where the top and bottom are the exact same size , but even putting few tools in it it just gets top heavy and falls right over ... ours eventually broke because of it.The plus is the wheels . We have this sitting in a corner in front of a sideways facing deep cabinet , so we can easily wheel it out of the way if we need to get in there and not worry if the tools will fall out . That is how well the holes and grips are built on this thing.I have already recommended this product to my parents to get one !
 This product does exactly what it says it does . It takes up very little room and keeps our tools nice and orderly . I would highly recommend this to anyone ...
 This item is easy to assemble-no tools needed!Very light weight & holds a lot of items.you can use the bottom for small storage also.If they come down in price I will buy another one for the garage .
 Great product - really reduces the clutter of all my yard tools etc. . . and saves a lot of space . I have 11-12 foot ceilings in my garage so it is easy to get things in and out . If you have lower ceilings , you may have to wheel it out of the garage first to get items in and out .
 The Rubbermaid tool tower rack was received promptly and undamaged.The mail order transaction thru Amazon was flawless as usual.It assembled quickly with minimal effort and I immediately loaded it up with my brooms , rakes , shovels , etc.It makes a great storage item and with the casters , I can move it anywhere with ease as long as it stays on a level surface.While cleaning my garage , I had occasion to move the caddy out onto the driveway and I noticed that when I tried to replace it to its storage location , I had to lift one end to get it onto the garage surface . When I did that , the caddy came apart , i.e. , the vertical support came out of the base.I managed to get it back together and had to lift it up from the bottom which was awkward.I think with the weight of the possible 40 tools , It would be a better design if the vertical supports could be locked into the base somehow ... perhaps a snap lock or a ball detent would help.Other than that issue , I like the caddy ... putting it on casters was a great idea .
 I wish I had discovered this tool tower years ago . I had shovels , pick axes , rakes , you name it leaned up or hung on the wall . Took up way too much space . Now , with this tool tower , I can place them all together in a small amount of space without the risk of them falling onto the garage floor where I can trip and break my neck . Easy to move on wheels , ca n't go wrong with this at all . If you need more space in your garage , this is the way to go .
 I 'd really like to give the unit 4.5 stars . Assembly could n't be any easier or faster , but I do n't know how you can actually put 40 tools on it . Anything with a bend in the handle 's going to seriously reduce that number .
 The Rubbermaid tool stand went together easily and fits all my gardeningtools . I finally have a neat garage and can find a tool in a flash . It 's dramatically stronger thanI imagined and holds big rakes and shovels and more .
 I think the price on these batteries needs to come down a little bit , I really like my drill , it does a great job . I could put about 100.00 dollars with the price of the battery and buy a brand new drill and get two new batteries and a charger with it .
 Last time I bought a cheapo replacement battery from TopCell . The battery started losing its charge very quickly after a short time -LRB- MUCH shorter than the original Porter Cable battery that came with my drill -RRB- . So this time I went back to PC . It 's been giving reliable performance since then.Conclusion is that PC quality is worth the extra few bucks .
 These factory batteries certainly fall into the catagory of `` you get what you pay for '' ! I have made many mistakes trying to save money only to end up spending more in the end that if I would have just paid for what was required . Especially batteries . You can not go wrong with this product !
 This purchase was made to replace old batteries that are beginning to show their age by requiring charging more often and losing power when used all day on my carpentry job . The new batteries will stay all day and still not need a charge.Porter Cable 8723 14.4-Volt 2.0 Amp Hour NiCad Slide Style Battery
 Works like the one I got when the drill was brand-new . Holds the charge the same and there is no reason why someone would n't want this as a replacement or a back-up battery .
 I bought 2 of these batteries , and I was amazed ! The brought my drill back to life ! As the old batteries deteriorated , the drill lost the power it had when I first got it . The new batteries restored that power that it had when it was new ! Glad I found them on Amazon !
 This battery seems to be just like the original equipment battery . I hope that it lasts 10 years .
 Battery works great . Needed charging as do most new batteries . Packaging was inadequate
 I purchased this battery to replace one I had used for five years . These things last , take a quick charge and do all the jobs I need it for .
 The battery was an exact match for the one that died . Good to have 2 batteries for my drill again .
 They had the best price on the internet . It came very quickly and the shipping was free .
 Basiscally nothing wrong with the item purchased . However , the internet steps to discontinue using and old credit card account in favor of a new account was torterous and excessively complicated .
 This is truly a Harley guys dream bathroom . Complete with everything I need to make my dream come true .
 I bought a cheap Harbor Freight framing nailer , because I do n't have much need for such a gun to justify the expenditure for one of the top quality guns . My smaller nailers , Hitachi and Dewalts , came with a storage/carrying cases , but this one did n't and it 's huge . It just fits into this bag , so life is good.The bag seems to be well made , with a few pockets for small items and good handles and strap . I 'd guess that it will last me forever , given that I wo n't use the gun much , but I 'd also guess that the bag would stand up to daily use for quite a while .
 After rejecting other garage wall storage options as too flimsy , too expensive , or too `` one-size-fits-all , '' we were thinking of trying to build something ourselves when I found the Rubbermaid FastTrack system online . Rubbermaid states this is a new system supposedly in several stores by March 2005 , but so far I 've only seen it at Amazon and the Rubbermaid site . We ordered the 56 '' rail , 88 '' rail , and an assortment of hooks . For some reason , Amazon is the only place I 've seen the 88 '' rail -LRB- it was n't even listed on the Rubbermaid site -RRB- . We found this system to be excellent beyond our expectations ! As advertised , all hardware is included , and the screws are nice and long -LRB- not the skimpy , short ones found so often in similar products . Rubbermaid includes an excellent installation sheet with clear photographs and good instructions . The rails were easy to install and are strong and solid . The various hooks are equally good quality . The FastTrack system allows us to buy only what we need and arrange it the way we want , and the price is extremely reasonable . We are very happy with it , and nothing else has even come close !
 This item is very sturdy , easy to install -LRB- although it really requires two people -RRB- , and offers a great range of storage functionality . I have two installed and now my remarkably uncluttered garage is the envy of the neighborhood .
 I bought this extra pack of CO2 cartridges for my Kleer Drain product in case the first few shots did n't do the job for my clogged sink and bathtub ... It is really hard to go wrong with a CO2 cartridge so I gave it a 5 star review since it did what I expected.The only other experience I have with CO2 Cartridges is in my Pump Phantom Paintball gun but that is a different scenario where one cartridge lasts for many many rounds opposed to using all the air in one fell shot.Conclusion
 1st thing first , you have to have the Kleer Drian plunger for these cartridges to work . If you think you can use the c02 cartridges from a bb gun , you ca n't ! This product is exactly what you need to continue to use the Kleer Drain plunger . Without them , the Kleer Drain plunger is worthless.The cartriges are the right size so they fit as they should into the cartrige holding system of the plunger.I 've purchased many of these replacement packs and never have I had a misfire.Final analysis ... worth the purchase !
 After rejecting other garage wall storage options as too flimsy , too expensive , or too `` one-size-fits-all , '' we were thinking of trying to build something ourselves when I found the Rubbermaid FastTrack system online . Rubbermaid states this is a new system supposedly in several stores by March 2005 , but so far I 've only seen it at Amazon and the Rubbermaid site . We ordered the 56 '' rail , 88 '' rail , and an assortment of hooks . For some reason , Amazon is the only place I 've seen the 88 '' rail -LRB- it was n't even listed on the Rubbermaid site -RRB- . We found this system to be excellent beyond our expectations ! As advertised , all hardware is included , and the screws are nice and long -LRB- not the skimpy , short ones found so often in similar products . Rubbermaid includes an excellent installation sheet with clear photographs and good instructions . The rails were easy to install and are strong and solid . The various hooks are equally good quality . The FastTrack system allows us to buy only what we need and arrange it the way we want , and the price is extremely reasonable . We are very happy with it , and nothing else has even come close !
 All of the Rubbermaid Fasttrack items are fantastic . However you should buy this item at your local Home Depot and save $ 5.00 per rail . Same with most of the FastTrack items advertised here on Amazon . Ladder hook , save $ 6.50 . Bike hook , save $ 5.00 . Ad infinitum . All items have a single digit difference on the item number , those excluding them from the price match guarantees , but they appear to be exactly the same . Happy Shopping , fellow Amazoners .
 I wanted to hang two 3 ' stepladders on our garage wall -LRB- drywall over studs -RRB- . I went to one of the big box stores and checked out my options . The standard stepladder hooks are n't deep enough for my ladders . Various other hooks were going to require me to mount a 2x4 across the studs to provide strong enough mounting points.Then I came across a floor display for the FastTrack system . Although the products are expensive , I decided to give them a shot . I chose the 56 '' rail and two hose hooks -LRB- 5E1206SNCKL -RRB- . The studs in our garage are 24 '' apart . The instructions for the rail say you must have at least 3 anchor points in a stud , so no problem there . The other holes in the rail go into drywall anchors which Rubbermaid provides . The instructions say the studs get 2 screws and the anchors get 1 . However , there 's a problem here . Rubbermaid provides 9 anchors and 13 screws -LRB- the instructions clearly state that this is what 's included -RRB- . If you do the math , 3 studs times 2 screws subtracted from 13 screws leaves only 7 screws for the 9 anchors.Also , the instructions state `` Drywall anchors must be installed in all top holes ... for maximum weight-holding capacity . '' Even assuming only 3 studs , Rubbermaid does n't provide enough anchors to allow you to do this - I was shorted 3 anchors . -LRB- Note
 I looked around for a good garage storage system . I chose this one because I like the rails and I like the variety of hooks . The only con about this system , that I can see , is that sometimes the hooks can easily come off the track when you lift your tool off of it . Granted , the hooks are indeed designed to be able to be removed and moved around , but when I remove my tool from this system , just like when I remove my hand tools from my peg board , I would expect the hook to stay on the track.This 56 '' has been discontinued . Now they have 48 '' and 84 '' . I think this was a good move by Rubbermaid to change the lengths offered for sale .
 These are possibly the most useful pre-made hangers I 've ever seen . We used them to hang bikes , car racks and sports equipment in our home 's office , and the installation , finishing and modularity all made for a great look -LRB- if a little cluttered by our stuff ! -RRB- The metal frame -LRB- what the modular parts actually attach to -RRB- is sturdy , easy to mount , and does not flex . The plastic covers are solid as well , and I imagine you could paint them to match , if necessary . All the modular hooks and mounts are very strong as well , and we were able to hang my tank of a downhill bike along with our road bikes without flinching.Installation is simple , drill pilot holes for the self-anchoring screws -LRB- or use studs -RRB- , and attach the metal frame . Then slide the plastic cover on , and start storing your stuff!If you are deciding between a dedicated bike rack , and this , I really suggest this , it can be re-purposed to do another job when you decide to move , or need to hang something besides bikes !
 product came in a timely manner . Only used a portion of the roll , due to buying a new furnace .
 I searched many places and this is one of the few or the only vendor to have this product . It is reliable , on time , the product works and is very economical compared to other providers
 They work great when connected directly to a 12v battery . I have heard they will have a short life if there is anything else connected that creates surges or noise in the circuit .
 this a beautiful item that I bought . It is serving me well . I will recomment ot to friends who may need it .
 These work very well in solar applications . I have installed these in our storm shelter power by a small 12volt battery and a solar panel to keep battery charged . Work great ! They are built as well as there AC powered counterparts .
 ya he adquirido varios de estos bombillos y realmente son muy buenos y economicos , aunque si fueran de luz blanca -LRB- luz del dia -RRB- fuera muchisimo mejor . es ideal para iluminacion de emergencia , caba & ntilde ; as en zonas remotas y embarcaciones . son 15watt reales . en terminos generales muy bueno
 This is amazing.I now have my house wired for 12 volt electric lights and the saveings on my electric bill is amazing.There perfect .
 15 watts is so bright ! We loose power often . I have some left over Sealed Lead acid batteries from a project . So I bought 2 of these 12 V CFL bulbs . They screw into a normal household light fixture -LRB- but never do that to an existing fixture which of course is 120VAC . -RRB- So I used a cheap basement drawstring bulb fixture , wired it to the 12 V 10 Amphour battery . When the power went out - huricane Irene , click - and there was so much light we did not need to use any candles or flashlights . This stayed bright for over five hours until the power was restored . If you want the best ratio of usefull lumens per watt hour this is definitely the way to go for battery powered lighting .
 The camco light 12volt fluorescent light bulb works great no problems how ever i do wish it came in a bright white light also
 I have -LRB- 1 -RRB- on , right now above the Key Board , running off a U1 Group.Battery charged by a 10 watt solar panel daily-i get more 4 + hours of great light nightly ,
 I decided to try these . Lights quality is great and the power saving on a solar system is always appreciated . Despite the few bad reviews on these lights I would recommend them my first one is over 2 months old and used nightly and still going strong .
 For the short period of time we 've been able to enjoy our cabin and living off the grid , the Camco 12V-15W bulb has made life easier .
 If you 've ever camped with LED lanterns or flashlights as your only night-time light source , you 'll be more than pleasantly surprised by the quality of light produced by this Camco CFL bulb ! You can actually read a book without eyestrain in your tent or cabin , just as if you were reading at home . My cabin is off the grid , deep in the forest , and I could n't believe how much light my Camco bulb put-out when I first tried it , coming to full brilliance after about 20-30 seconds of warm-up . My nearest neighbor in the woods was also astounded when I showed him . Admittedly , I 've not used the Camco bulb for very long , so I ca n't speak directly to the issue of longevity . The negative reviews , indicating this bulb burns-out all too easily , initially made me a little hesitant to purchase . But , having first seen the product favorably presented on the website of an RV supply outfit I respect , I decided to give it a try . So far , no regrets.It should be noted that most , if not all , 12-volt fluorescent lights are prone to early failure , if a few , basic guidelines for extending their life are not followed . As spelled-out in the Backwoods Solar on-line catalog , 12-volt fluorescents should not be used in situations where they 'd be turned on-and-off frequently , or used for only brief moments of lighting -LRB- as in a closet or storeroom -RRB- . These bulbs need to warm-up fully and should remain `` on '' for periods of at least 15-20 minutes at a time . Using them for only a minute or two , or switching them on and off repeatedly in a short period of time , burns-out their internal ballasts prematurely . They are not up to that kind of cycling . Consequently , 12-volt fluorescents are best suited to installations where they 'll be lit for an extended time
 Tired of always dim 12v lighting ? These bulbs will solve that . The base runs hot , and I have had a high failure rate after a few hours use ... like 30-40 % . This is on a battery circuit , no voltage spikes . Amazon customer service -LRB- great ! -RRB- sent me replacements without charge when I e-mailed them . Just buy a couple extra to have on hand . The bright light at low power draw is worth it .
 Bought two of these ... used them in a solar backup system in a room . Used one for over 6 months without any problems . The other one I bought was used for a month when it blew a drive transistor internally . After a quick inquiry on google to get the transistor type and ratings , I headed to the local Radio Shack and bought the closest available component as well as two more sets in the event of future blow-outs . Getting the case apart left the case slightly blemished but changing the blown part was easy and straight forward . The good bulb that has been in service without blow-out gets quite warm , leading me to believe that these transistors are driven too hard to not have any heat sinking . So along with the repair of the blown transistor I added small aluminum heat sinks . This fixed the problem . Overall , typical product from China but looks good and works , just do n't use in really hot environments -LRB- ie . +90 deg F -RRB- .
 I do n't use it with a solar system , so I ca n't comment on that . I had to use it in a regular outdoor light attached to my mail box . The original wiring was n't done per code -LRB- not deep enough -RRB- for 110V , so I connected the light to a 12V Malibu transformer from Amazon . The run is about 70 feet total . Since 8/2009 I 'm still on my first light -LRB- it is 1/2010 now -RRB- , it works about 10 hrs per day . You ca n't say it is a 12V light when it is on . Will update when it dies .
 I had 2 Pilesters put in the front of my house when it was being built . The bulbs burnt out , so I went green with these CFL 's . They are bright and look great . Not just for RV 's !!
 I love the light bulbs . I have 3 of them hooked to my solar panel in my shed . With only a 7Ah battery , I can run all 3 of them for almost 2 hours . They are dim when they turn on like any other CFL , but quickly get brighter . I would recommend them to anybody with a 12 volt system . One of them was broken upon delivery and I simply contacted Amazon.com and they sent me a new one and paid for the return postage of the broken one . It could n't have been easier !
 I bought this to replace the exhaust blower in my Dayton , natural gas , furnace . Sears also sold this furnace in the early 80 's . This Keeprite blower is stated as a `` direct '' replacement and will no doubt do the job . This company sends the motor with the starting capacitor for a reasonable price and I received it very quickly . The statement `` direct replacement '' is more or less relative because the intake pipe is not 90 degrees from the exhaust as the original is and the intake pipe diameter is one size smaller than the original as well . It will take a little ingenuity to shoe horn this item into the original position with an extra fitting or reducing rubber hose to angle to the intake pipe on the blower .
 very easy to instal . a heating place wanted to charge around $ 800 . i did it myself for less than $ 300 . only 3 wires and 2 hoses took less than 10 min
 Installed without a problem and works . It is a direct replacement and performs just like the OEM part . It blows and I cant say much more , 20 words ... lol
 We have over thirty fruit trees ! These fertilizer spikes were instrumental in increasing fruit production .
 I actually used this on a potted meyer lemon plant . It essentially in a 5 gallon container . I broke up 1 spike into three and otherwise used as directed.It 's been a year , and I think it 's time to change the soil , switch to a larger pot and respike it , because I 'm beginning to see the effects of the fertilizer fade . But since adding these spikes I 've gotten
 I have my fruit trees in pots , so I take each fruit spike and break it in 3 pieces and just lay one piece on top of the soil . I water over the spike to distribute the nutrients once a week . My trees really perked up ! Outstanding value and free shipping !
 Seems that none of my local stores had the fruit and citrus fertilizer spikes in stock for the recommended fall application , was glad to find them on-line and the 15 pack was nice to find versus the 12 pack . Priced well and shipped quickly , I was able to receive the fertilizer spikes in time to get them in the ground before the freeze so the snow melt and spring rains can feed my fruit trees .
 We 've used Jobe 's Fruit Tree stakes & are SO pleased with how well they work with our Peach tree . We had a huge bumper crop again & will use them on our two little pear trees . Poor soil is a problem nearly anyplace one lives anymore & a good fertilizer appropriate for your specific trees is very much a necessity if a good outcome is hoped for , whether it be fruit trees or evergreens or whatever . Lots of generics out there & I 'd rather purchase a fertilizer that posts its ingredients ... and one I can depend on for quality assurance year after year .
 I purchased these for my kumquat tree . I have used the granules before , but my dogs LOVE to roll in it . . must smell really good . The tree has put out new leaves , so must be doing some good . Shipping was ontime as promised , and packaging was fine .
 Have used Jobes for years . Was unable to find Citrus specific spikes locally so I googled and amazon.com & Jobes came through for me : -RRB-
 I use this as my main fertilizer for my peach tree . I love this fertilizer . I noticed the leaves got much bigger after applying this and I had more growth than normal . I am expanding my fruit tree collection and this will continue to be my main fertilizer . Next time I will buy te granulated form I think it will be easier . Overall it is wonderful and I will be buying again .
 I STOPED AT ACE HDW TODAY BOUGHT JOBES 1612 FRUIT TREE SPIKES 15 PER CARTON FOR $ 6.99 PER CARTON THEY ARE ON SALE NOW CK IT OUT
 I 'm not a good gardener but someone recommended I use this for my fruit trees and it sure did the trick ! My apricot and pomegranate trees had fruit after 5 years if nothing . I was starting to give up and this product really did it . I ca n't say enough good things about it .
 Great Value and will be adding 2 more of these in the near future , as I could not locate them this fall in stores .
 Have about 35 Apple trees - a a Cider blend - rigth now snow is on the ground and frozen - so I will let you know about production and if it helps - go to Rossbachcider.com for more info
 I have been looking everywhere
 Bought this as an adapter for the fish tank cleaner . Works really well and is much better than the OEM plastic part that came with the unit .
 Yes , I bought this at a big box , it no longer has the accessory hooks . Just the big curved hooks .
 I have installed 10 of these in my bathrooms and absolutely love them . I first saw them in a hotel in Europe . You set the temperature once and just turn the level without worrying about whether the water is going to be too hot or cold . It comes out perfect every time , even when you are half asleep in the morning . Just pull the lever and you get your own perfect water temp ! Amazing!There is a lifetime warranty for any part that needs replacing.All my units have gone for nearly 15 years without needing any stop valve replacement , so I think the amount of use is probably the deciding factor . If you have a lot of people using the same shower they might need replacement more often.I highly recommend these . Heaven everyday !
 These handles look great on my new cuboards I had installed . I needed a few more to finish my kitchen and I could not have asked for a better price .
 Great product . I did not connect it to the fast track rail but with the mounting holes provided , it made it extremely easy to screw into a stud . I have an old wood and metal wheelbarrow that 's fairly large and heavy and it works like a charm . Easy to put the wheelbarrow up and take it down for a days work . My garage is looking much nicer .
 I like the fast track system - rails and excellent components . My wheelbarrow is the huge metal type and this support was so easy to use . It will not be difficult at all to remove the wheelbarrow for use and get it back on the support . This is just great , because that wheelbarrow is really heavy .
 This item works like a charm ! I really like that I do not have to lift my wheelbarrow to hang it up on a wall , literally , all you need to do is get your wheelbarrow close to the hook and then start tilting the handles up to get the front lip seated in the bottom hook then continue to tilt up until the top hook can latch onto the wheelbarrow . This easily holds my 6 cubic foot steel wheelbarrow -LRB- the max load for the hook is 50 lbs -RRB- . I LOVE this hook and the whole fasttrack system . This hook is hard to find which may indicate it is being discontinued but that 's my own thought - I have not seen anything in writing saying it will be discontinued . Let 's hope not !!
 Garage floorspace gets gobbled up quickly . Take back a chunk of it with this thing !!! I 'm assuming rubbermaid knew what they were doing when they designed it to hold 50lbs , which does n't seem like a lot , but it 's more than adequate to hold my heavy-duty metal wheelbarow , which weighed in at only 45lbs .
 Item was received on time and in excellent condition . Easy to install in seconds and extra easy to use . We love it !! Our wheelbarrow is now off the floor and out of the way . Excellent service from this seller . Would recommend to others !
 I 've used four hydrojet pumps in rotation to move water for a geothermal heat pump and the house well for over 30 years . Parts have become harder to get and Sear 's has reduced their stock . When one of the old pumps failed so that I could n't repair it , I searched the web for a replacement and found that this Flotec series matches the look of the HydroJet pumps very closely . The construction is the same , the materials , even the starting capacitor , etc. under the end cap . They are almost an exact replacement except for one small detail
 deliver fast easy hook up have water A + A + A + A + AA + A + + A + + A+A + AA + +
 This is a replacement well water pump and is identical to the one that I am now using , and that I bought about 10 years ago at the Home Depot . The first one is still working well , but I think that 10 years is a long time . I was particularly interested in the fact that it is made of fiberglass and only the shaft is metal . Previous pumps that I have since replaced were made of cast iron and they plugged with rust . After I replace the 10 year old one with the new one , I may take it apart to see if there is any rust inside . I was particularly pleased to see that the new one is identical to the existing one since this will make the replacement easy .
 Be sure your window is clean first . Apply the liquid liberally and let it dry . I paint two coats of primer and two of the window color on top of that . I use minimal dry times on the primer and 24 hrs each on the color . The big trick is clean up . Do NOT let the paint sit for days . Twenty-four hours after the last color coat is th etime to remove the mess . Here 's my number one tip
 For those non-professionals with limited patience and weekend time who want to have their paint job on windows look great , this is a terrific product . I have 6-over-6 windows and fully divided French doors throughout my house . Cutting in to paint them is a horrendous task . But , with Glass Mask , in seconds , each window pane can be masked off and paint ready . No lining up blue tape and trimming each inside corner -LRB- that 's 24 per window for me -RRB- . Still want to not glob on paint as each is done ... but slips of the wrist and attempts to get into every nook and cranny do not cause repeated frustration . After painting , clean up is simple . Just come back with a razor scraper when the paint is dry and quickly remove the glass mask . Vacuum up the leavings , and voila ! Beautiful , professional-looking paint job . My only challenge is I currently can not find this product locally , so I may have to buy online and pay shipping .
 Works pretty good . I have no patience at all so the blue tape was not going to happen ever . I waited about three weeks before scraping the overpaint from the glass because I just could not get motivated . Used a blade scraper and it all cam off pretty well . I am sure it would have worked better if i had scraped it off in two days . It formed a barrier just like it said it would . Cant compalin . I am going to do another project on antoher set of french doors with a million little windows and will use it again .
 I have used this product extensively on new wooden frame windows with divided lites . It is 10X faster , and easier than tape masking each pane by far . It takes just bit of practice and every once in a while an air bubble blasts a gob on your window when you `` refill '' the pad , but no harm done as I just use that to fill the `` pad '' . You can leave it on during both priming and top coat if needed.The only downside is sometimes some unevenness or skipped spots when applying the compound , but a new swipe or refilling the pad quickly cures that problem . It even leaves a small clear `` lane '' near the frame to `` seal '' the glass and frame joint with paint.It is simple to use , effective , and the paint and protective compound come off even months later with the attached scraper -LRB- no glue residue worries , like tape -RRB- . I am ordering more tubes from Amazon today to `` mask '' in the 8 new windows I have just installed in my home.For me it 's an inexpensive and very beneficial product that makes it easy to paint divided and full frame windows .
 It Worked alright ! But I like the paste type better than the liquid . The paste workes better because you do n't have to worry about the applicator having enough glass mask , nor about having so much that it runs .
 I bought this filter and it works great . Formerly , I used to boil the tap water and then use it to do the tea , borsche , soups , etc. however with this filter , there is a huge difference !! First of , the water tests differently , second , it feels differently , and finally , the products that come out from it taste so much better.The filter comes with two filters
 Overall , I give the FastTrack system an enormous thumbs up . It 's durable , easy to install , reasonably attactive , and highly effective.Not all of the accessories are perfect in design ; however , but the horizontal rack for bicycles has been improved.PRO
 Well-made with the option to fold the hooks up against the wall when not in use . The newer model I purchased in store has a new push/pull lever for extra security to keep the rack in the track . I do not see that in the picture here on Amazon . I prefer this rack which grabs the bike frame , instead of the wheels . This rack is great for keeping the bikes off the floor and also making it easier to inflate the tires if you do n't have a bike stand .
 I think this is a great product if you plan to install it with the Rubbermaid rail . I bought it because it said that could also be mounted directly into a wall . It does , but the top part ca n't be properly secured because of the space where the rail is supposed to be . Any way , it seems that it can hold my bike even when half the top screw is showing.I give it 4 stars because the product it does work and does not damage my bike while is hanging . I just hoped that there was a way to secure the top part of the rack .
 I purchased this item to use in my garage reorganization . I was a little skeptical at first as to whether it would be able to support the weight of my bike , but it does and is very solid . I would recommend the entire Rubbermaid FastTrack System to anyone who wants to get their garage in order . It is fabulous and this little clip works well for anyone that wants to store their bike flat against the garage wall .
 I could n't find one of these in my local stores . This is a sturdy product that helps me solve the bicycle storage problem .
 In the process of moving and `` downsizing . '' This product installs with great ease and has enabled us to organize our garage quickly . I 've only bought the various hooks when they are on sale so it 's also been a very economical investment . Thanks Rubbermaid !!
 I love he rubbermaid fasttrack system ; very easy to install and makes organization very easy .
 Does just what the name infers ... holds a ladder and does it was such great poise ! ;-RRB- ~ Yep , you need this one , too !
 We hang our ironing board and step ladders from this . . although you need 2 . Very useful product and well built .
 These shears are awesome from a waterfowler 's opionion ! I really have n't found a use for the knife . Just buy the shears if you are a waterfowler and you 'll be happy .
 These are sturdy , clamp well and inexpensive . They seem very sturdy for around the house jobs . The teeth on them has not worn off yet so that 's good . Usually with vice grips it is the teeth that get smoothed off after use . Good thing is that these are not that expensive so that that it would be easy to replace . Still , they lock well and do the job great
 I have an bike with the older seat clamp style with the bolt & nut . I rounded the nut with a wrench so it was stuck.This vise grip worked but you have to make sure you get it on very tight . I initially found two sides on the nut that were the flattest and tried to remove with the vice semi tight . It started to spin around the nut.So I immediately stopped , reset the pliers a little tighter and it worked fine . Also , the length allows you to put both hands on it if you need the extra force.This price was cheaper than the local hardware store .
 Does the job with no issues . What more can you ask for ? I was able to remove some stripped bolts , which is what I bought it for .
 And then they unlock ! it 's awesome ! I am so happy I may buy a pair for everyone in my family .
 Great for job 's around the house , and for some area 's in your vehicle . Put a new furnace in with these , and they help . I will probably pick out another , pair for my dad as a gift .
 I bought these because vise grips are a necessary thing to have in your toolbox . If you 're serious about doing work around the house or on your car you need a pair of vise grips , they come in handy for rounded nuts , odd shaped things , holding things that need held with a locking jaw , and other applications that require very strong grips . I used them most recently to get a bolt out of my tire.I 've used these now a few times . They grip well and they 're easy to tighten up . They seem to do the job very nicely . I think the price is right as well ... They 're not quite as nice as real US made Irwin -LRB- the inventor of vise grips -RRB- , which my dad has a ton of , but they 're good enough ... They feel a little cheaper . Other than that they get the job done , and they 're a great value for your money , like the other Tekton tools I have.Like I said above ... They work , but the fit and finish is n't perfect , they just look and feel a bit rough . They seem like they 'll hold up to what I throw at them though . I only knocked one star off because the locking/tightening mechanism works well enough so the cosmetic issues do n't impact the functionality . They 're definitely a lot nicer than the Harbor Freight sets that are 3.99 for 3 pliers , so if you were thinking about going to Harbor Freight for these do n't bother , just buy the Tekton the extra few bucks will be worth it to avoid all the plastic on the Harbor Freight version ... I 'm likely going to buy a couple more pairs of the smaller ones in the near future as it 's always good to have more vise grips around .
 worked as advertised . take it slow and will do the job . went throug the narrow pipe without any problems highly recommeneded .
 To preface , I have never snaked a drain before and have only used chemical cleaners for drain clogs . I used two bottles of Draino which did not help with a slow draining stand-up shower in my master bathroom . I was a little tentative to use this snake , but I connected it to my power drill , turned it consistently at moderate speed , then pushed the snake down the drain . I could tell the clog was n't deep because the drain would backup fairly quickly , so once I went down a couple of feet , I pulled back and caught onto something . I slowly pulled it out and grabbed a ton of hair that the Draino did n't even marginally melt away.I am very happy with my purchase ! It worked well and was as inexpensive as the two bottles of Draino that I used . I can see myself using this many more times in the future !
 With a little adjustment we were able to make the snake work in our electric drain auger . The snake was well worth the money .
 excellenet product very easy to use and cleared the drain quickly . Required a couple passes but worked as expected
 Seems to be in good condition . No rips or tears in it . Has the bit on the end so you can use it with your power drill which is nice .
 Clog Remover ... When I using this produsct.Wonderful , do n't shop others.This is best one what I got Clog.Ten Stars
 I 've spent years flushing drain cleaners down the kitchen sink with little to no success . I do n't know how they work , but for me they just seem to sit in the drain for a bit and waste a lot of money . Many plumbing issues are fairly simple to fix once you know how basic plumbing works , and clogged drains are no exception . When liquid and gel drain cleaners do n't work , and the clog is deep , the next step is to call a plumber or fix it yourself . The Power Drain Snake by Cobra is a `` cable auger , '' which is the same thing a plumber is going to use on your sink , and this one works very well.FOR AMATEURS - The first thing to do if you have a clog is determine where it is located . It is either going to be clogged in the section of piping located directly under your sink , or if it is a deeper clog , it will be located further in the system , past the wall -LRB- these are the ones that require a cable auger -RRB- . If you start running water and your sink clogs very quickly , it is likely the clog is located in the piping directly under the sink . This is preferable . If it takes a while to clog , you 're dealing with something deeper . Look under your sink . If it is a kitchen sink , both sinks will have pipes running below them . One sink -LRB- the secondary sink -RRB- will simply connect directly to the main sink -LRB- which probably has a garbage disposal attached -RRB- . The main sink will have a pipe that curves -LRB- known as a P trap -RRB- and then connects to the sink running behind your wall so it can empty to the main drain . First , fill up the main sink with water to see if it clogs . If it has no problems , then fill up the secondary sink . If you then get a clog , you know that it exists somewhere in that short section of pipe running to the main sink 's pipeline . You can just unscrew it and clean it out with a piece of coat hanger . If you 're not that lucky , then the first thing you should do is disconnect the plumbing from the wall , and check all of the sections of sink that attach to it for the clog . If you see the clog , then you can easily clean it out . If you determine the clog is behind the wall , this is where the Drain Snake comes inTO USE - First of all , I have found that 25 feet is fairly sufficient for most clogs . Anything past that and you may want to let a professional handle it , since you 're getting deep into the drain system . The first thing you have to do with the Drain Snake is disconnect the plumbing under your sink until you have an open line running out the wall . You then feed the drain snake through that opening as far as you can until you hit an obstruction , which should be the clog . This is a bit tricky to do , since you have to wiggle the cable around to get it around bends in the piping . It took me awhile to figure this out , and you basically have to push it forward until it will go no further , then pull it out a little bit , then push again to see if you are at a clog or just a bend in the pipe that you have to get around . Several times I would push it a few feet and it would stop and I did n't know what to do , but I would move it in and out and it would slide past a corner or bend and then I could push it further . You ca n't be gentle with it and it takes some arm strength . Once you think you 've reached the clog , you connect the drain snake to your drill . I set my 18v drill on the second speed setting . Once you turn on your drill , this rotates the cable inside the casing , and that metal barb on the end will rotate very fast , and break up any clog it comes into contact with . I did this by myself , but I suggest having two people . One person to operate the drill , and the other to move the auger back and forth until the obstruction is broken up . You will need to completely unroll the cable to use it , so if your clog is near the pipe opening , the person operating the drill will be standing 20 feet away . This makes it awkward to do with just one person , although it can be done . After the clog is broken up and you feel that the snake can go forward more , you pull it out and wrap it back up . It is going to be very dirty so again , it will help to have two people , one to feed it out of the pipe and another to wipe it down as it comes out . My drain was still clogged after I did this , but I poured boiling water into it and that flushed out the section I had broken up with the drain snake and water ran freely 10 minutes later.I was a little intimidated by cable augers before I used them , and I thought the power drill option on the Cobra Drain Snake might be a gimmick , but it worked extremely well , and I ca n't imagine using an auger that requires you turn it manually by hand , which would be much more difficult to do by yourself . The drill is definitely the way to go . The only problem with the Drain Snake is that the cable inside it is very strong , and there is no way to really wrap this up once you 're done . As you can see in the picture , there are plastic ties to hold it together . You are definitely going to need some of those or some very strong metal twist ties to roll it up when you are done . I ended up using something similar toVelcro Reusable Self-Gripping Cable Ties , 0.5 Inches x 8 Inches Long , Black , 100 Ties per Pack -LRB- 91140 -RRB- . Make sure you have something like this for when you 're done because the cable is not going to stay wrapped up without it.Overall , I was very pleased with the Drain Snake and it likely saved me $ 100 in service fees for a plumber.UPDATE April 2012 - The metal end of the snake that attaches to the drill bit broke off while using it on my drill 's second speed setting for awhile . Fortunately making a repair to it is easy enough since you can just pull the metal a bit farther down . I did end up with a clog I was n't able to fix and had to call a plumber . I still think this is a fairly good product for small-mid size clogs that are deep in the pipes , but if I have another clog , I will likely spend $ 150 on a much bigger and professional auger , since that is what a plumber will charge me anyway .
 Dealing with a backed up sink or toilet has just got to be one of the most dreaded jobs anyone can face in the home . Generally plumbing , especially that plumbing that deals with the sewer or septic system , is something we all wish would do its thing quietly and continuously in the background of our lives and just forget about us . Unfortunately clogs come to pass over the years even for the most kindest and reverent of us . Snakes have been around long before I was a kid of course . They were then , and basically still are a pain . But they have gotten easier to use by design . And the Cobra is just about as good as it gets when it comes to a truly disgusting and much hated task . At 25 ft. its long enough to get at just about any clog that is within your control to manage . And unlike industrial strength snakes like you usually rent , its not so thick and strong to make it like wrestling a real snake to use . Although most men feel that knowing how to use a snake is something they should be born with the knowledge of , I recommend reading the directions that come with it . It does make a difference in making it easier and a more successful venture . Do n't be fooled or taken in by other more expensive snakes here that boast about being so much bigger and tougher , and of course more expensive . The Cobra is as big and tough as one should ever need for a clog within your reach . Like other reviewers here , I do recommend that if possible you request the use of another person to `` ride shotgun '' for you in holding the unused portion behind when either proceeding or retreating . It makes it much easier to use and can also prevent the much hated backlash of it suddenly curling on its own which can result at its worse an injury , and at its least a lot of naughty words being spewed ... Highly recommended ...
 This allowed me to push through some food clogs deep in the wall . I ultimately ended up having to snake a hose from the roof access to break loose this particular clog , but this was easy to feed from below the sink & get the smaller clog out . Be careful backing it out & pushing it in - best to have a helper so it does n't coil up on itself .
 Before the Cobra 81250 , I had owned just about every hand - / drill-powered auger/snake and they were all useless . I have a problem bathroom drain pipe that develops a clog at a pipe junction point -LRB- hair/soap build up -RRB- every year or so . There is a right angle leading from the trap assembly to the down pipe and the work space is very tight . After several hours work , I can usually poke through with a clog remover on the end of a wire ribbon . Not this time ... On a lark -LRB- figuring another $ 15 down the drain < -- ! -RRB- , I bought the 81250 at Lowes . I had a helper run the drill while I fed the snake down the pipe and we were finished in about 2 minutes ! The beauty of this product is that the snakes rotates within the plastic casing , which prevents binding . Rotation is not impeded when used at a right angle of if the snake is coiled -LRB- my biggest concern -RRB- . Best $ 15 I 've ever spent !
 I had a blocked sump pump drain pipe in my side yard and this pipe snake attached to the end of a portable drill burrowed through the pine tree roots and unclogged it in about five minutes . I would have had to dig up the pipe and this snake saved me a lot of time and effort . For the money I paid it was a great investment . Highly recommended .
 Our central vacuum system had a clog that our local repair shop was not able resolve after 2 visits at $ 150 each . I cleared the clog with this $ 13 tool in less than 3 minutes .
 After I got a drain clog in kitchen sink I bought this based on the reviews . It was delivered in 2 days -LRB- Prime works ! -RRB- . I read through the reviews so I have some idea how to use this thing . It reached and cleared the clog in the first several tries . I 'm impressed how well it worked.Now the improvements it needed :1 . The issue cost it one star is , the size of the drill attachment is a little larger than a screwdriver bit , so you can not use any cordless power tool with a screwdriver bit connector . I have to use my corded power drill with 3/8 chuck to make it work . It will work much better if I can use it with my cordless power screwdriver , the speed control on the corded drill is difficult .2 . the shell material is not strong enough to take tough jobs . It shows kinks after several uses .
 This product worked fine for snaking my toilet . I used it without assistance , but a helper would make things easier . It never kinked up whipped around . Make sure you have something to tie it up to keep it coiled together when you are done . Otherwise , this thing just springs all over the place .
 This is not a bad product for the price . If you have a distant blockage that is a straight shot you may be ok with this tool . The problem is you lose torque at the distal end of the snake because of its length . If you have a lot of turns -LRB- right angles -RRB- in your drain pipes this item is difficult to use . It is basically a two man operation -LRB- recommended by Cobra products -RRB- . I give it 4 stars because for $ 15 it 's worth a try . If money is no object , I recommend a drum machine -LRB- RIGID 24853 K400 -RRB- . They are n't cheap but a plumber is going to charge a bundle for any drain problem they ca n't handle .
 I never , ever write reviews because I am just that lazy , but this just showed up , and fixed our bathtub that was horribly clogged.Worked really well , just make sure you hold the black tube firmly so the end does n't get binded up . I just used a regular basic cordless drill and it worked great .
 Easy to use , arrived on time.Would order again from your company .
 Have n't taken the time to try this out yet as there are a few issues I need to work out in my mind before I plung this down the drain and what kind of cleanup I 'll be faced with when extracting the snake . Guess I 'll see , but planning on having plenty of rags on hand for what may follow .
 Worked great . Have used other types and was unable to clear the drain . This one worked perfectly using a drill to turn it . Highly recomend this tool for clogs that are not too far into the pipes .
 I thought this thing would kink up for sure , but it just spins smooth as silk inside it 's plastic jacket . The instructions say to straighten it out , but you do n't have to . I used mine in it 's normal coil , about a foot or so in diameter , and it worked just fine . It 's the best snake I 've ever purchased !!
 Pros : Super sturdy.You can use this with the power drill you already own.Price is not bad when you compare to the ones that come with a crank or some kind , those are like $ 100 or more.Cons : Can be difficult to control -LRB- but then again I 'm just a weekend DIY kinda guy -RRB- Overall : The only time I used it , I could really only get this thing in my tub drain about 6 feet worth , and it was whipping around . Then turns out I was able to just use a plunger anyway , so I did n't even need to get this guy . But I 'm glad that I have it now , in the event that I really need to use it .
 They might consider adding a Velcro wrap to keep it together after use for storage after being used . Good quality
 Have had this sitting under my work bench for several months since ordering it . Just had the need to use it the other day it worked great . I had a similar but much more expensive product from a major tool company and the drum the snake coiled in regularly popped open during use . This snake is simple to use , no drum to fail , and cleared my drain in just a few minutes of use . Would highly recommend .
 i used this to clean the ost un-godly clump of hair i have ever seen from my kitchen sink drain , took about 8minutes , pushed it down the drain and spun it up with a cordless drill , drain is flowing free now . save tons of money on a plumber and get one of these .
 I was worried based on other reviews about the weakest link being the plastic connector to the drill . However , taking a closer look , it would n't be hard to make it work even if it broke . For the price I paid -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- , I ca n't complain consider a plumber would have charged me considerably more.I used the access port for my drain that was outside . It took a little over 20ft of the cable to reach the stubborn clog and probably snaked the drain a good 6 times within 30 minutes . We lay out the snake across the yard keeping it as straight as possible while I fed it down the drain and another person did the drilling . It 's a good idea to drill while you feed and pull out periodically to clean the tip . You do n't want to push the clog further down.It was n't as hard as I anticipated , just smells pretty bad .
 If you have never cared for babies , pets or sick people , this might be too gross for you to use . But if you use it carefully as recommended in other reviews , you will go from a household of impatient people waiting for the sink to drain to a normal household in a matter of five minutes . Yes , yes , that gross and odious task you have postponed as long as you can will only take 5 minutes .
 We 've had a sink in our home that has consistently drained slowly for years . This fixed it just a few minutes . Very happy with this purchase .
 For about a month we 've been dealing with a clogged drain in the bathroom sink . I cleaned the trap to no avail . The drain would take some water , then just about stop draining.We tried the quick solution of using a couple Cobra Zip-It cleaning tools : Cobra Products 400 Zip-It Drain Cleaning Tool . After 45 minutes of cleaning out gunk , we figured progress had been made . Unfortunately , we did n't even make a dent in the problem . At this point I 'm thinking two options
 Product worked well . I used it just by myself and it went well , but had a large area to layout the line completely . Suggest using two to make the job go smoother.I used it on black 4 inch drain tile outside my house and it did the job .
 My upstairs bath tub seemed hopelessly clogged , and after my initial attempts failed , I was picturing local plumbers with dollar signs in their eyes given the location of the pipes . Thankfully , I decided to purchase this drain snake and try it myself . Even though I never used a drain snake before , after managing to muscle the snake through the bend in the bath tub 's drain pipe -LRB- not easy -RRB- , the water released and so did my stress . This little drain snake worked like a charm , and I am so glad I made this purchase .
 I 'm not really a review writer . Kind of lazy about it . But I figured this furniture needed a review . I was a bit apprehensive about buying when there were no reviews up about it so I took a chance and felt the least I could do would be to put up a review so that any other hesitant customers may be able to see what at least one other person thought.That being said , I love the pieces -LRB- I got 2 of the black ones -RRB- . They were much higher quality than I expected for the price I paid -LRB- I got them when they were on sale for half the price -RRB- . They were well-packaged and came in perfect condition less than a week after ordering . I was worried about the paper being torn but it is much sturdier than I expected . They will go perfectly with the platform bed we are also purchasing .
 After reading several good reviews , I decided to buy two of these end tables . I was still a little skeptical that they would not look as good in person as they do in the pictures . But I was pleasantly suprised when they arrived -LRB- very quickly -RRB- and were a snap to put together . They look so fabulous lit up in my living room .
 we 're very happy with our night stands . these would also make great end tables in your living room . great value ! the night stands are shipped nearly fully assembled ; just put the top on and you 're done .
 Nice quality , these were packed very well for shipping . We have them on both sides of the bed and they look great when lit up .
 I purchased my first 19 '' Hokkaido End Table Nightstand Japanese lantern Floor Lamp - BLACK about a month ago . I received it about three days after I placed the order and I was very impressed with the overall quality of the night stand especially considering its relatively low price tag . I have since then purchased two more black night stands and now have one placed in my living room/entertainment center as it gives off an ambient light that does n't interfere with my viewing pleasure . The other two have been placed on either side of my bed and have a contemporary lamp , phone a digital atomic talking clock which does not light up when the snooze bar on top of the unit is depressed giving me an English speaking female voice telling me the time and or day/date depending on one or two pressings of the snooze bar . I like this set-up because it is quite enough not to wake someone sleeping on the opposite side of the bed , in essence its perfection.I highly recommend this product to anyone who is in need of a quality bed side table . You do n't run across items such as this every day.My only complaint is I needed to raise the stand a couple of inches because it was originally slightly too short.I would suggest this to anyone searching for a quality nightstand that does n't break the bank.Sincerely , Adrian Alexis
 I was hesitant to buy this at first because it was more than I wanted to spend on a night stand , but the product was worth the $ 200 . It 's a beautiful addition to my bedroom , I love it ! The best part is , it came almost fully assembled , and was packed very well . The second best part - it arrived the next day !!! Granted I live in the same city -LRB- Boston -RRB- , but still , I was VERY IMPRESSED ! Thank you !
 These tables -LRB- in black -RRB- look beautiful in the bedroom on either side of my bed and create nice mood lighting . They are quality and take no effort to put together -LRB- just unpack , screw in a bulb , and set the top on it -RRB- . I ended up getting glass cut to fit the tops just to protect the surface from scrapes -LRB- inexpensive and worthwhile -RRB- . Looks great . They are my favorite piece of furniture in the house . No complaints here .
 Ordered two of these for our newly redecorated bedroom . We are so pleased ! They work perfectly with our platform bed . The light is wonderful for walking through the room , watching tv , or whatever ! Really a beautiful product , rich color -LRB- we got the dark -RRB- , very well made . We were pleased to see that the paper inside was actually a heavy plastic type material that you can easily keep clean . It has little flakes thoughout that make it look very paper like . I did n't realize that it was n't paper until I touched it . Lastly , it has a two inch flat buttom on/off switch that you can place on top or on the floor . Nice unit !
 I bought one of these tables and use it as an end table in my living room . Although somewhat small , it is built very well and is good quality for the money . I may even buy a second one .
 love this table/lamp ! it produces just enough light for ambiance ! if you are looking for a lot of light then this isnt for you . but if you want something trendy then this is great .
 I just wish that I had gotten black . It puts off just the right amount of light , but you wo n't be able to read by it if that 's what you 're seeking .
 Heavy pewter chains . Dull and not shiney or gaudy . Thick and very attractive for any hanging needs . Actually they were the only antique pewter decorative chains I could locate anywhere .
 So far it seems to be just as described . It has not worn at all and even though I was worried it may be brittle dropping it has not resulted in anything negative .
 I really like the FastTrack system , and have used it throughout my garage , but I must say that this shelf and hook assembly is not up to the standards of the other items in the product line . This is the only attachment that required assembly , which is n't a bad thing in and of itself , but once it was assembled it had a decidedly flimsy nature about it . I had to basically ` hold it together ' while attaching it to the track . Once installed , it held fine and felt sturdy , but repositioning it on the track is a pain . All in all , it does it 's job satisfactorily .
 I was a bit weary about purchasing this shelf after reading the reviews on it ; however , in the end I am glad that I did . My FastTrack rails are on the wall next to the door that leads from the garage into the hallway ; I wanted a shelf next to the door for things like mail and a place to put my morning tea when I am locking the door before I go to work . I looked at this shelf and decided to give it a chance . My reasoning was that it is as expensive as any other self I 'd put up and , as an added plus , it has hooks on it.Assembly of the shelf was a real pain . It involves holding it together , holding it down to a table , and hammering in two wedges . This sounds simple , but it takes forever . Follow the directions to the letter -LRB- look at picture that describes the way they hold the shelf on the table top when hammering , that 's the way to do it even though the directions do n't make reference to how to hold the written directions -RRB- and you 'll be fine . With all that being said , I did n't mind the assembly so much ... I kept thinking to myself `` this is way less work than mounting the rails to the wall . `` Once assembled , the shelf snapped onto the rails . Since the shelf is lower than the rail , I was able to put the shelf underneath my bike -LRB- being held on the FastTrack via the horizontal bike holder -RRB- with no obstructions to the shelf . I used the hooks beneath the shelf for my helmet and other bike stuff . The shelf portion works great for what I intended it for , but I do wish that it had more depth to it.To wrap it up , the shelf serves its purpose and does n't break the bank . The shelf portion is kinda small but okay , and -LRB- IMHO -RRB- the hooks are the most useful feature . I recommend this to all who are looking for a small shelf and hooks for some commonly used items .
 Very pleased with product . This unit makes a nice additon to the Rubbermaid FastTrack shelving system . I use it for my hand garden tools , gloves , string and plant tags .
 I renovated my kitchen and installed wood counter tops last fall . I used Waterlox because of the reviews and it is bio-safe . I followed the directions , which were hard because you have to wait 24-hours between each coat and then seven days after the last coat to put anything on the surface . This product is amazing . It made the wood look so beautiful and spills just wipe off . It is also heat tolerant . I had called the company about the absolute proper way to use the product and even though they sensed my need to hurry the project , they explained to me why it was so important to follow the directions exactly . They were so helpful and answered all my questions during several calls to them . I would never use any other product for wood protection .
 I finished building a custom crafted Timber frame house with 100 year old recycled cherry floors four years ago . The installer insisted on using Waterlox Original rather than a poly finish . It took three days to put three coats of Waterlox on the floors and the result was spectacular . Four years later the finish still looks great and on occasion we reapply the product where there are scuffs and a bit of wear . I highly recommend Waterlox . I ordered a small amount to keep on hand and it was received in a few days packed really well .
 Let me just start by saying I never , never , ever write reviews . But in this case I just had to . I am so pleased with this product.About six months ago I installed butcher block countertops . I was using mineral oil left and right to try to protect them . Constantly using mineral oil . Water would just penetrate through and if I wiped them down it would feel like the grain in the wood was just raising more and more . . I was terrified to have water touch them so doing the dishes and cooking was like an awkward dance I had to perform ... . And I ca n't dance.After researching products I came across `` waterlox '' and was intrigued by the reviews . Though you ca n't find many reviews the ones you can find sound great . Much to my dismay it is outlawed in CA . . . . . Except ... For some reason is not outlawed in Ventura county CA ... Hmm . So I made the 3.5 hour drive . . And I 'm never lookin backWaterlox goes on so effortlessly and fool proof . It is the easiest finish I 've ever used . It is beautiful . It holds up to spills , food , everything . And like stated by the company , it does n't have that plastic look that most finishes have . The amazing thing about it is that to touch it up you do n't have to sand off the previous coatings . Yes . I said it . You do n't have to sand em off ! Honestly , what more could you ask for . It 's heaven for butcher block . I purchased 5 cans not knowing what the coverage would be like and not wanting to drive to the end of the earth if I ran out mid project ... And 4 coats on all my counters and I only used 1 can . . With a lil to spare.I highly recommend this amazing product ! Buy it ! Doooo it !
 Several years ago , we had the wood floors in our 1916 home sanded and refinished with a tung-oil type finish . They looked good for a while -LRB- I am a big fan of tung-oil finishes on wood furniture because it 's easy to maintain , spot-repair , and reapply -RRB- . But eventually the damp mopping and traffic wore off the finish . Even though thinner tung-oil finishes let you feel the grain , still you could tell that about all there was left between your foot and raw wood as a coat of stain ... I ca n't remember how I learned about Waterlox , but now I swear by it . You can apply it to new wood or wood with an oil-based coating ... follow the instructions on their website and your floors will be bulletproof ! All you need is the product , some lambswool applicators , mineral spirits for prep and cleanup , and a disposable aluminum roasting pan for your `` mop bucket . '' Slowly I have refinished all 2000 sq. ft. now with Waterlox -LRB- sometimes a room or two at a time -RRB- , and the floors that were done two years ago still look AWESOME . I have also used the Satin Finish on dresser and coffee-table tops that had previously been coated with tung oil ; no more worries about water spots . Again , the product website is very helpful - good luck !
 I just refinished the butcher block countertops in my kitchen with Waterlox and it looks AMAZING . I had originally been using mineral oil about every other week to preserve the wood . It was n't keeping out the water how I would like . After sanding the counters well I applied 3 coats with a paintbrush . I sanded the surface smooth between each coat as well . I applied a fourth coat with a rag to get a nice smooth finish in the end . It looks stunning . It really brings out the natural color and depth of the wood . It appears to be working really well to seal the wood from moisture as well . I would highly recommend this product for this type of application .
 Is a nice product , I used to cook my own finish but now I can use this finish and I 'm very happy with the results . On your first try use a spare piece to get used to applying it , for me my own cooked mix was much thicker and took some fine tuning of my technique to apply Waterlox nicely . Make sure it goes on very thin and needs 4 to 5 coats and if you can spare the time put on more coats to have a nice build up of finish if you are going to rub it out .
 Just finished a walnut credenza with waterlox orginal . I applied two heavy coats as per the manufacturer 's instructions with a foam brush . Instructions also suggest lighter coats , but I do n't think the piece needed it . The finish brought out the warm brown richness of the walnut -LRB- which was greyish from the kiln dry process before finishing -RRB- . I prefer a low luster , so I used 0000 steel wool to rub it out . While the finish did run -LRB- cured with a few drip curtains -RRB- because of the heavy coats I was applying , rubbing it out made the curtains almost invisible . Shortly after bringing it inside a toddler scratched the finish . It appears to have scratched all the way down to the wood . While I wish it would n't have happened , I guess that 's what happens when submitting a piece to `` child abuse '' shortly after finishing .
 The legendary cabinet maker Frank Klausz told me about this product and it did everything he said it would . It is fantastic !!! Sand with ever finer grades of carborundum sand paper , and even a beginner can achieve professional results .
 Used this in conjunction with Waterlox Satin -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- on my butcher block countertops . They are beautiful but I was so tired of treating them every six weeks and waxing them that I was ready to replace them with granite . This made the countertops waterproof and slightly shiny . Cleanup is easy now and I do n't have to worry about stains . I 'll have to do this once a year or so , but that 's completely fine . Delighted with the results .
 This stuff is not very cheap , but I took a chance on it because of other good reviews and I 'm glad I did ! It is so easy to apply I do n't think you could possibly screw it up ! I used it on a dining room table I made for my mother in law and it turned out very nice . It self levels VERY well . I applied it with a cheapish natural bristle brush and within seconds you can watch the streaks disappear , I guess because it is rather thin , but it builds a decent amount in 2 or 3 coats . It did turn out a little more glossy than I expected , but supposedly it fades over time . Durability is also very good , I would say not too far from polyurethane . And like the name implies , it locks water out . When we wipe the table with a wet rag the water just beads up . This really is the perfect finish for almost anything in my opinion . I 'm glad I did my research . I just wish it was easier to find !
 This is a great finish . I wish it was water soluble but other than that it 's a simple finish with great results . I have used this on several items -LRB- blanket chest , coffee table , end table , pens , and a bed frame -RRB- . The fumes are n't that bad but it does have a smell to it . Use a very clean -LRB- new -RRB- brush , make sure you pull on the hairs to get any that might be loose out . Finish with the grain on a clean surface , 4-5 coats gives a really nice sheen , I use fine steel wool between coats . This finish hardens so its great for surfaces that get a lot of abuse . I wound n't recommend it for something that will be inside a box , drawer , or cabinet . Use a natural finish for that so you do n't have any fumes trapped inside.shippings a killer on here , after I bought it I did find a local carrier .
 I 've bought some of these things at the local crappy hardware store , Taiwanese manufacture . The rubber is weak and you get wet when the strainer springs loose , plus the crappy metal used in the strainer is likely to corrode within months.Not so with this one . This is the real deal , rubber is strong , lasts a good long time . Get this .
 The faucet sprayer that does it all ! I do n't know whythese are so hard to find , so we ordered several . Veryhappy to have them .
 Product is very good and the price is also very reasonable and has come down from years ago . One small problem is that the regulator from spray to straight sometimes hard to adjust .
 you can use these two ways.As stated in the online ador you can use a screw and washer thru thehole into a 1 `` x2 '' grade stake for your garden .
 did my yard and really needed this product to help in the corners . Have more thanI need , however , at the price it was insignificant . I may use more of what I haveleft over later.good product , easy to use . works as it shouldhighly recomment .
 I 've used it on my own electric fence installation and works very good . Easy to install , very good materials and nothing wrong on fabrication . It is a good stuff .
 work great , more flow than the &#34; m &#34; style , cost effective as well . not much more to say . This sentence was typed top meet amazons minimum length requirements
 Not really a choice in the matter - all of my bathroom fixtures are from the Moen Villeta line , in Chrome . I needed to add another towel ring , was glad Amazon had it in stock !
 I looked at a lot of systems and really like this one ... especially after finishing installing today ... love these little s hooks ... can do a lot with them as far as varing heights and diff brooms , mops , and tools too ... very sturdy . Put in all masonary walls . . will take a tank to pull out . Screws good . . but had to provide my own anchors for masonry . . thats ok I guess ... easy to install ... sensible and simple rack system ... heavy duty . . every piece snaped in place as was susposed to do ... I am really happy with it ...
 Everything you ever wanted to know about this simple gadget can be read in the product description . I bought some of these to mount on my FastTrack system . They do an excellent job of providing neatness to my garage wall for hanging all sorts of garden tools . They will also hold other items that have a section which will fit into the U-shaped area that is depicted in the illustration . Even if neatness is not a consideration these tool racks will offer more convenience than leaning everything up against the wall or the corner . Try one , you will like it .
 Received knobs three days after order placed , excellent packing , as advertised , half the price of identical item found at local BIG box store . Really wanted these and it made my day !
 This is a great tool at a fraction of a big name brand . I bought two and I 'm very happy with them . I would recommend them to my friends .
 In 2001 I retired and took over these apts built in the late 70 's and early 80 's . I wanted to standardize things here so as not to have to have so many different parts around . Over the years I 've used Delta but was not too happy with the rubber cup seals that scored and leaked often . I changed to Moen in yr . 2002 . I bought the special tools to handle removing these valves . Most of the valves that I have to change out here are many years old so have a tendency remove rather hard . But with the proper tools can be removed . The local Lowes store has all my needs as far as stock goes and just as late I have been buying the valves fron `` this '' location.Moen 1200 One-Handle Replacement Cartridge , BrassYour service makes it better for me because I do not have to leave my job site to get parts with-in a few days . I 've been here for 10 years now and that I know of I 've have not replaced one of the valves I the second time . This is good enough to continue using Amazon and Moen water valvesSamuel P. HerbertRes . Mgr . Sierra Apts . Apt . 13Sawburg rd. . Alliance , Ohio 44601
 These bulbs are n't as easy to find as you might think . I had 4 maglites that were dead or on the last bulb . Thanks to these replacement bulbs every maglite is back in action with a spare bulb in the base.OK , not part of this review but the LED upgrade is more expensive than a new flashlite -- go figure ...
 The product was as described and is still working well . I like that it comes as a 2 pack letting me refill the back up slot .
 great product , service was quick and courteous , item arrived promptly , was very easy to find and I had many options , very happy with purchase
 IT 'S A FLASHLIGHT BULB . WHAT MORE CAN I SAY ? IT TURNS ON WHEN YOU PUSH THE SWITCH AND GIVES OFF LIGHT . IT DOES WHAT IT 'S SUPPOSED TO
 Turns everything you 're aiming at into near daylight . A whole lot of bright for the buck .
 Had a hard time finding these bulbs . Was glad to find them here and got them in a hurry . Very satisfied .
 It 's a blub ... what can I say it lights ? . . I have n't use it yet ... I 'm a boy scout I like to be prepared
 I was short some chain for haning a light fixture -LRB- I had to &#34; swag &#34; it -RRB- , so , after some searching , I found this one . The color matched perfectly , and the chain is very good quality - I could probably use it to drag a small car ... That being said , I think I spent almost as much for the additional chain as I did for the light fixture .
 I have installed and own both fast track and fast mount systems . Both storage systems are outstanding for versitility and storage strength . I believe wall failure would preceed bracket/shelf failure for either system . I have used Fast mount for wood storage in two different home work shops and have not been disappointed . I recently installed Fast Track in an equipment storage room at work . This too has exceeded my expectations.Rubbermaid Fast Track is beautifully engineered and unbeatable in appearance . There are shelf brackets that lock-in wire shelving and brackets for simple wood shelving . The cost is high and may be prohibitive if appearence is not a factor . Also , I have been unable to locate a rail connector part that would enable me to attach my bracket runners on the rail.The Fast Mount is equal to any storage challenge , low in cost but very industrial looking . Parts are readily available .
 No major complaints thus far . I 've used it twice for 8 hour work sessions . Fairly easy to assemble . Seems to be solid construction for the price I paid . Only minor issue would be the adjustment screws for rotating the lights at the vertical axis . The way they 're designed will eventually lead to failure and instead of having the ability to direct the lights straight forward , they 'll begin sagging .
 swapped these in my MAG and WOW they are Bright and WHITE . worked great even with -LRB- 4x -RRB- 1.2 VDC rechargeables . they are MAG brand but i can never find them in the stores for less then $ 15 . LOVE AMAZON
 These bulbs are impossible to find in any local store . These work great with the Maglite 4-DCell flashlight . Glad to have extra spares now .
 The lights are bright . They work as good as the originals . After a couple of months they have not burned out .
 Needed a new bulb for my 4 D-Cell MAGLITE , so I came to Amazon . This bulb is bright white and looks great . Thought about saving and buying a cheap generic , but I 'm glad I did n't .
 After searching around Home Depot and getting two types of bulbs neither of which fit , I just ordered the right thing from Amazon and it was no bother and fixed the flashlight the first time . Much better .
 I have a Maglite which stopped working about three months ago and have been looking at hardware stores ever since for a new bulb -LRB- I could have replaced the flashlight itself , but it seems a shame to throw it away -RRB- . As another reviewer noted , it is not easy to find these replacement bulbs at Home Depot and the like . So when I came across these , at a really good price , and there are two of them , I ordered them immediately.Installed one of them into the flashlight - and it works ! And now I have a replacement stand-by bulb , too . Definitely recommend these - and probably a good idea to buy them BEFORE the one in your flashlight gives up .
 If you bought one of those expensive heavy duty Mag Flash lights trying to find a bulb is nearly impossible especially at big box stores . The crappy LED 's are all they are selling as you have noticed the leds are not up to the job and are dangerous to your retinas do not look at them directly the blue white light is very harmful . The feds are shutting down the production of incandesant bulbs 100watt this month and the rest are to follow over a couple of years buy them while you can still find them Amazon has good prices I bought several 3 different sizes to cover what I own . The LED bulbs are priced to the moon . Amazon as usual has things you pay a lot for or cant readily find . I have been a customer for many years and they are an example of what fair honest retailing should be You can take that to the bank ... Dave the Boss
 It took us forever to find bulbs for our flashlight . We have went everywhere looking around for them . We finaly found them here . Thanks Amazon .
 This is a very well thought out product that is easy to install and works very well ... check out the whole fast track system ... a great way to organize your garage .
 I put up the 3 shelf kit and it works great . I am able to organize a lot of different items with this shelving system and still have the versatility to move the shelves across the front garage wall . The biggest problem I had was just finding the wall studs .
 This shelving and track system worked out very well for me , as I have a cinder block garage and was able to attach the track to the wood beams above the blocks , thereby saving me from trying to anchor the shelves directly into the cinder blocks . This shelf kit costs more than other storage solutions , but if you need the track system due to special circumstances -LRB- as I did -RRB- or just like the look of the FastTrack setup , then this is a great product for you .
 Very pleased with shelving . My husband and I found this product easy to install with little home improvement skills .
 I was shopping for an affordable replacement shade for my kitchen chandelier and these shades were very inexpensive and yet of surprisingly excellent quality . The color was exactly what I was hoping for and I am very satisfied .
 Just as the title says . Decided to try the Amazon avenue when I could n't find these @ the local Wal-Mart . Fits perfectly in the Mag lite I had these intended for , and works just fine . Prompt shipping makes this a no-brainer when looking to replace a burnt out bulb , and still use the quality Mag lite flashlight you already own .
 This product worked well with the several flashlights that needed new bulbs . Highly satisfied and would recomend them .
 New bulb works great , easy and fast installation ! Small and simple unit , the flashlight just screws apart and screws back together .
 While this was n't quite as bright as I had hoped , the knocked the socks off the default bulb in my MagLight . I 'm pretty rotten at small repairs , but even I was able to get this in and good to go without much trouble .
 I think it was the right decision to replace my flashlight light bulbs with this one.It works just fine and so far so good ...
 I do not like the LED lights , this works awesome - wth the 2 d , the 3 d and and the 2 c
 The wal Mary in my town sells generic flashlight bulbs that just do n't get bright enough . These were just right .
 My girlfriend tried to scare off a bear in Yosemite by banging my maglite onto the picnic table . She was yelling at it and slamming the flashlight . So the bulb broke and Amazon.com had a great price for the replacement . Replaced my bulb in less than 30seconds .
 Arrived promptly . Well packaged and just as advertised . Bulbs work great ! Would definitely buy from this supplier again .
 If you want heavy duty , long handled diagonals , which are forged and not cast , then yes , you 'd want to buy these.These are long handled and have a solid , heavy feel . They 're tightly riveted yet easy opening and closing . The handle is a light duty rubber that will last years if you 're not beating on them . If you 're the type that beats on your gear , then yes , the rubber looks/feels like it will tear . They 're not stainless , so yes , you 'll have to keep these puppies dry or , like all unfinished tools , they look like they 'll rust . Decent price , decent quality and if you 're a `` Prime '' member , two-day shipping is included in the price . Considering the hassle of driving to the hardware store , standing in line and paying for the gas to get there and back , my opinion , this is a good deal .
 Tool came very promptly and works as described . I was hoping for a skinnier design like my co-works but this does everything I need it too do .
 Just as the title says . Decided to try the Amazon avenue when I could n't find these @ the local Wal-Mart . Fits perfectly in the Mag lite I had these intended for , and works just fine . Prompt shipping makes this a no-brainer when looking to replace a burnt out bulb , and still use the quality Mag lite flashlight you already own .
 This product worked well with the several flashlights that needed new bulbs . Highly satisfied and would recomend them .
 New bulb works great , easy and fast installation ! Small and simple unit , the flashlight just screws apart and screws back together .
 While this was n't quite as bright as I had hoped , the knocked the socks off the default bulb in my MagLight . I 'm pretty rotten at small repairs , but even I was able to get this in and good to go without much trouble .
 I think it was the right decision to replace my flashlight light bulbs with this one.It works just fine and so far so good ...
 I do not like the LED lights , this works awesome - wth the 2 d , the 3 d and and the 2 c
 The wal Mary in my town sells generic flashlight bulbs that just do n't get bright enough . These were just right .
 My girlfriend tried to scare off a bear in Yosemite by banging my maglite onto the picnic table . She was yelling at it and slamming the flashlight . So the bulb broke and Amazon.com had a great price for the replacement . Replaced my bulb in less than 30seconds .
 Arrived promptly . Well packaged and just as advertised . Bulbs work great ! Would definitely buy from this supplier again .
 The greatest problem I have is their light bulbs work so well it may take months if not years for a bulb to wear out . The only reason I bought new ones is I misplaced the replacements I bought several years ago .
 Needed a replacement bulb for my Maglite flashlight . These arrived quickly , and they have worked fine . Hardest part was getting the old one out , and the new one went in easily .
 I would recommend this because it is a good product and a good price.very good replacement my flashlight is brighter !!!
 I replaced a couple light bulbs and they have worked fine . I will probably buy leds next time though since they are falling in price .
 They 're light bulbs . They worked , just as advertised . They 're nice and bright . Good to have a spare that 's kept in the base .
 Nothing hidden here , you get exactly what you pay for . Mag lamps that work great and would recommend to anyone .
 I have needed replacement blubs for my Maglite for a long time and could n't locate them anywhere . I got the replacement blubs on Amazon and they work perfectly . I am happy with my purchase of these Maglite replacement bulbs .
 This is a replacement bulb for the Maglite 3 cell flashlight . I put it in , the flashlight now lights up , very pleased .
 Having used the Maglite 3 D cell flashlight for years , occasionally the bulb fails . These are the exact replacement and brought the flashlight back to it 's original functionality . Just in case you do not know or have forgotten there is a spare bulb under the spring in the battery cap . If you use it be sure to replace it so it will be there when you really need it .
 Fit my flashlight perfectly . Arrived in good condition and promptly . Glad to be able to keep my old flashlight instead of buying a new one , since the only thing wrong with old one was the bulb went out .
 Thank you ! I discovered to my dismay while getting ready for Hurricane Sandy that my maglite flash light was not working -LRB- I had thought it just needed new batteries -RRB- . I ordered this Saturday and they got it to me Monday ! I 'm a bit more prepared for the impending power outage because the flashlight now works perfectly . This is the first product review I have every written .
 Good price , exact match . Item was shipped very fast . The brilliance is outstanding , just as my flashlight was as new . Expect many hours of usage .
 This bulb did n't match the original one exactly . I had my doubts it was going to work , but after replacing the burnt out bulb with this one and reassembling the flash light , It Works Great .
 Local big box stores , local hardware stores , seem to believe that the price on a Maglite flashlight is so low that they do not need to sell the bulbs . My antique Winchester flashlight takes these same bulbs and a new flashlight will not replace that light . At least some stores in the United States still carry these bulbs . I wish they were not so hard to find .
 What can I say , there 're light bulbs . Mag Lites are great products ; when you need a bulb , these work . Good price and delivery . Not much else to say ...
 I do n't care what anybody says you want a flashlight you get a maglite . I have had the flashlight for 20 years and I am now on my third bulb . Oh well I 'll be in my sixties when its time to replace them again .
 Was grateful to find maglite replacement bulbs because they no longer are available locally . Shipping was super fast .
 Not much to say about these except that they work . One of them had a small burr on the little flange around the bulb that I had to scrape down with a pocket knife before it would work properly . For this reason , I knocked off one star from the review . If you want to upgrade the brightness -LRB- and battery life -RRB- of your mag-lite , you might want to consider one of the `` LED Upgrade '' kits also available on Amazon .
 I got these to replace a burned out bulb in myMAGLITE S3D036 Heavy-Duty 3-D Cell Flashlight , Red . They were easy to install and work perfectly .
 To install this you need to first remove the lens cover by unscrewing it . Then inside the flashlight there is a small ring that holds the lamp in place . You must unscrew this small silver ring , place the lamp into the socket and then screw the ring back on , this ring is what holds the bulb in place.By the way , your flashlight may have an extra bulb in the spring portion that holds the batteries in place , inside of a piece of foam .
 As described , great product , got excatly as pictured . Would buy again . Quality is A-1 . What else need I say ? I am well satisfied .
 These bulbs are hard to find in store , ordered on here , and they shipped fast . Fit perfect and are really bright . Cant say anything bad about them .
 Have been satisfied with the original MAGLITE flashlights -LRB- especially the extra bulb located in the base cap -RRB- . Found out -LRB- trial & error -RRB- that not all flashlight bulbs -LRB- despite appearance and fit -RRB- will work in these high end utility lamps . Letting someone borrow these excellant lites became a chore to have them returned.Haven ' t purchased the newer version MAGLITE & do n't anticipate having to because of quality failure .
 They are exactly what I ordered and received . I needed a new lamp for the flashlight . This is exactly what comes with the flashlight .
 These bulbs fit my 6 yr old Maglite just fine , and the price was reasonable.I hope these bulbs last just as long as the ones they replaced.Maglite should carry more of these replacement bulbs in the home fixit stores -LRB- e.g. , Home Depot , Lowes , etc. -RRB- where they sell their flashlights . They 're hard to find . At least Amazon carries a good variety of these type bulbs and the delivery time is prompt .
 Parfait , malgr&eacute; un cout de revient , avec le transport , assez &eacute;lev&eacute; , c'est mon effort pour recycler plutt que de jetter et d'acheter une nouvelle lampe compl&egrave;te ...
 It is nearly impossible to find these bulbs in a local store . Glad to have extra spares and they work great with the 3-D cell Maglite .
 These krypton lights are nice and bright . They are the original quality bulbs , for sure , not just look-a-likes . I did not notice which country they are made in , however .
 This is a must have upgrade for your old fashioned mag lite . Buy it today and installed it in a few day , and enjoy the product for at least a month .
 This item listing does not mention a size ; the golves that arrived are very small - snug on my 10 y.o. kid 's hand .
 End nippers work good and a definite good value for the cost . I bought several and they work equally well . I highly recommend .
 I put the butterfly light over my son 's changing table and he loves to watch it . He also likes that it moves -LRB- bounces on the string -RRB- . He has been watching it since about 1 month of age .
 I organized my garage this summer with the Rubbermaid FastTrack system on 3 different walls in my garage . We have a lot of sports balls and I also coach Soccer , so this thing is absolutely necessary . It 's better than using a bag or a simple basket too.Pros :1 . Easy access to any ball - even the ones on the bottom .2 . Do n't have to tip it over or dump it to get to the ball you want .3 . Holds all main sports balls
 We do NOT have the rubbermaid track system that is suggested with this product and it works great . It is hanging in our garage low enough that our preschool sons can reach the balls for themselves . It holds at least 6-10 balls depending on the size and you can access the balls on bottom without having to take out the balls on top . LOVE IT
 This is the third ball rack I have ordered = 2 for my grandsons and 1 for my garage.They really keep the basketballs , soccer balls and footballs contained and off the ground , yet accessible to the smallest ball player . I am thinking of getting another for bike and skate ball helmets . I used the entire FastTrack Sysem in my daughter 's garage , and managed to get all the garden equipment , skateboards . balls , folding chairs and bikes off the floor . This rack works for medium to large balls . Baseballs , softballs , etc. need one of the baskets available from FastTack I really would recommend this rack to anyone who wants to corral balls off the floor and in one place .
 I assembled two of these with the included tool and a hammer in about 15 minutes . They are mounted directly to the wall -LRB- no `` FastTrack '' -RRB- just inside the garage door on that otherwise useless 18-inches of wall-space . Each will hold four -LRB- 4 -RRB- full-size basketballs -LRB- five if you balance one more on top -RRB- or a variety of smaller balls . Two of these may not hold as many balls as the rollaround ballcarts , but they take up ZERO floor space , and that did it for me.I can see the rubber-bands deteriorating over time , but it 's not worth dinging a star , because I will just replace them with bungees if that happens .
 This thing is INCREDIBLE ! My kids do n't have to dump out an entire basket of balls to get the one on the very bottom , which is ALWAYS the one they want !!! ;-RRB- ~ haha I have two of them , and I 'm considering getting a third . Yes , we have too many toys and sports equipment around ! : -RRB-
 This is a great product . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 only because I think the price point should be a little less . We bought 2 because we have 3 kids , each with their own complement of soccer balls , basketballs , footballs , kick balls , etc. . We even stack batting helmets in one ! Very nice to have the balls organized/contained rather than rolling around in the garage - and even the kids find it nice to have all the balls in one place ! Product is simple but sturdy and looks like it will last .
 Gets the junk I ca n't stand off the floor of the garage and is easy for the kids to use . It 's great . Not 5 stars becuase the whole system can nickel and dime you into lots of $ $ $ $ . But plan ahead and you wo n't spend excessively .
 Smart DesignEasy to assembleWell builtIt is great for basketballs , soccer balls , footballs , etc.I 'm considering getting a second one since it only hold 5 balls .
 Very easy to put together and mount and the rubber bands work perfectly for almost every size ball -LRB- including footballs -RRB- . Great product and reasonably priced .
 This rack replaced a large tote that collected all our basketballs , volleyballs and soccer balls . This rack looks so much better and the kids actually put them up when they are finished with them , unlike before . Perfect solution .
 Ball rack is an excellent storage device . Before I installed this , we had drawers full of basketballs , soccer balls , etc. .
 Wish I would have gotten one sooner , does n't take up alot of space , but stores the balls out of the way and yet easy to get to .
 This ball rack , mounted on a rail approximately 5 ' off of the garage floor , provides perfect containment of our sports balls while allowing my son and his friends quick access to all of them . I 've been searching for sporting equipment containment since we bought our home 21/2 years ago , and I 'm so happy to have found the FastTrack system .
 I saw this and knew it was a great idea . We 've got limited space and soccer balls all over the garage . This device works great for storage and retrieval ! We mounted it to the wall without the FastTrack with good success . Thanks .
 The beauty of the FastTrack system by RubberMaid is that most , if not all , of the accessories that are available can also be purchased individually and utilized without the actual track . You can use this ball rack by drilling straight into a stud or with a drywall anchor -LRB- be forewarned ; however , the weight limits assume that you are connected to a wall stud -RRB- . The item comes in a long , flat box , with instructions . It 's easy for one person assembly . I put it together the first time in 8 minutes and 33 seconds . I put a second one together in just under 8 minutes.Used with the FastTrack system , the device holds plenty of balls of all shapes and sizes . I 've got a basketball , three soccerballs , two footballs , and a couple of multipurpose -LRB- kickballs -RRB- balls in it right now . It easy holds them all.The construction is solid , rigid even , and top is large enough to accomodate a ball that is a little bit larger than a standard basketball . Kids have an easy time retrieving balls and putting them back . The balls stay in ... . the chords are strong enough to hold balls back so that they do n't spill out into the garage.Weight is not an issue , at all.My only `` complaint '' is that I wish the longer hanging accessories came with a damper so that whatever part touches the wall , it wo n't scuff the wall . That said , there is a place on the ball rack further down to allow you to screw it into the wall so that it will remain in a fixed position.Finally , on a standard 4 foot FastTrack top bar , this takes up approximately 10-12 inches of space , leaving at least three feet for other accessories .
 This ball rack was more heavy-duty than I expected , which of course is good . I was afraid it was going to be made of that white plastic coated stuff that they make closet shelves out of , but it is much heavier and stronger . It assembled easily and hangs on the wall in our garage within kid reach . I just wish it was bigger - we have three boys so there are a lot of soccer balls and stuff around !
 Bought this about 6 months ago when I remodeled my garage . I put this on the wall along with other baskets & hangers to get everyting off the ground . I use it for all of our basketballs , volleyballs and even the kids bike helmets . They fit in perfectly and can be pulled out through the rubber cords from any position . Make sure you place your FastTrack rail high enough so that this unit is off the ground.Item works as described and is a great addition for anyone that 's looking to organize their garage mess .
 I 've always loved the FastTrack system . This ball holder is just as good as everything else . It 's easy to assemble , snaps right in place , and in no time at all those 7 soccer and basketballs that used to be rolling around the garage are all in one place out of the way , yet easy to get . I love it !
 This is an awesome solution for all of the footballs , soccer balls and 4-square balls that used to roll all over the garage . It is easy for the kids to get balls in and out since the stretchy bands at the front allow the kids to grab any ball . It fits nicely on the slim wall between our garage doors , so it is easy for the kids to grab a ball and play with it on the driveway , and then just as easy for them to put the ball away .
 It is a great way to organize the basketballs not have them scattered around . Love it !
 Great product ; I 've installed 2 of these been very satisfied . I strongly suggest you also purchase the hanging basket if you also need to store baseballs , tennis balls , mini-soccer balls , golf balls , paddle tennis rackets , or ball pumps . Also when assembling read the instructions and pay attention to the various parts or you may assemble them wrong as I did the first time , and can thus turn the 15-min . assembly time into a half-hour job . LOL
 First off , the picture that Amazon has is not of the 48 '' level - it is of the 24 '' version . The 48 '' one looks pretty much the same , but just longer distance between the hand-openings . I 've found this level to be an excellent choice for a magnetic 48 '' level.The vials are easily visible against most backgrounds . That being said , they have pitch graduation marks on them for 1/8 and 1/4 inch per foot . So essentially you have 3 vertical lines on each side of the bubble when you 're perfectly level . It is n't a problem for me , but for some of the older guys I worked with , they had trouble focusing their eyes at close distances and the multiple lines annoyed them . I thought it would be handy to have the pitch lines , but I have n't really ever used them.I would n't buy a level that does n't have a straight edge on at least one side , which is something I 've encountered before with Stabila . The break in the line for the horizontal vial is excusable since the other side is unbroken and can be used for marking lines . It is a little bit annoying to not be able to scribe over the top side , but it does provide a 180 degree view of the vial . Many levels have this same feature.The rubber end caps are pretty resilient and take a lot of the bang out of dropping the level - if it lands on them . They have good grip too , so you can lean the level up and do n't have to worry about it sliding down on a smooth floor.A handy feature is the V-groove on the top and bottom of the level , so you can use the level accurately on rounded surfaces or on corners.All this being said , the real reason I bought this level was for it 's magnetic hold . I 've used Husky , Stabila , and Empire levels , and the Swanson has the best magnetic pull of all of them . This thing sticks wonderfully to steel studs , pipe , whatever . It 's difficult to vibrate or shake off , which means it practically never falls -LRB- unless you drop it -RRB- . I got so sick of other levels vibrating off when screwing steel studs ; that problem stopped after I got this level . The magnets are housed inside the box-beam level , which is nice , because you have a clean smooth outside.The only real downside of this level is the hand-holds are a bit on the small side , but that is a minor annoyance that many levels have since they do n't want a tall profile . Overall , this is a good level with outstanding magnetic pull .
 Not a whole lot to say here . These are just Bosch guide bushings and they work well ... not alot to them .
 Bosch tools are outstanding . This is just another example of a tool well made . Spend a few extra dollars and get the good stuff . Bosch is it !
 Used this template guide set with my router and sign crafter . Worked well as expected , Bosch makes great tools .
 I love their system . Bosch is onto something here . Index it once and have fun .
 These templates are much better than popular Porter-Cable ones . Generally , bayonet system is inheritably more advanced and modern . Thus , on any professional and non-professional photo camera with interchangeable lenses , this type of bayonet system is used . However , we all know that Delta , Porter-Cable and DeWalt are blasts from the past .
 If you a serious router person at some point you will need and/or use guides . This is a nice set , in a nice rugged case , to keep you organized , with common sizes you need . I use them with my Bosch router and they work just like they are suppose to .
 I purchased this product so I could do some dovetail work with my Bosch router . The locking insert worked perfectly with the dovetail guide that I bought . I have only used the one piece out of it so far , but I 'm completely happy . I only got the ground shipping when I ordered it but I had it in a few days .
 This is a great , inexpensive set . You must also have the bosch quick change adapter to use these template guides . Order them together so you do n't pay shipping .
 These templates are easy to install and work great . No tools needed and can be done quickly . Although the case is marked with the Bosch number and ID/OD , the template is only stamped with the Bosch number , they should have but the ID/OD on the templates . The case to hold the templates could have been made better . Overall I like the Bosch template system and this set provides many of the often used sizes so you 'll have what you need .
 You will need this if you use Porter Cables dovetail jig and I would asume anyone elses jig . Bosch does not have a screw one adaptor for the guide/template and this accessory kit accomodates it nicely
 Everything you need for most jigs . Great deal , especially when you take into account that the entire kit costs slightly more than just one insert when purchased separately .
 I bought this template set to replace a plastic version that was n't giving me the precision that I needed for making dovetail joints . What a difference ! My problems vanished with the metal guides and should stay gone for years .
 Bought this tool a few months ago found out that I needed the adaptor that bolts to the base but it was only 6 bucks.It worked great the few times I used it , easy to install
 If you order the Bosch Template Guide Set , make sure your router plate has the guide adapter , which these quick release bushings need . You may need to order RA1126 Templet Guide Adapter . Yes , Amazon sells the 7-piece Router Template Guide Set , but unfortunately they do n't sell the Template Guide Adapter !
 The Bosch RA1125 is a great all around set . if there and any other needs its the Ra1126 Quick release for the set Get It - Get IT Is great You will love this set up fast easy quick changes and you will also find the RA1100 is a must for Leigh Jig set ups , Get an extra one and keep it set up with you E7 Bushing . Can not go Wrong with Bosch templete set .
 This tool component is very simple to install and changing templates is very quick once the guide is attached to the base . I use it all the time for making various joints . The set-up is stable and there is no wobble at all - which makes for accurate cuts and very tight joints . In fact my joints end up so tight I do n't really need glue .
 I purchased the Bosch 1617 EVSTB set -LRB- standard and table base -RRB- to use with the Bosch Router Table I also got . A good template set is essential for full-spectrum router use.This set has a good range of sizes plus an adapter for screw-in guides.Though you need to buy the Bosch RA1126 Router Templet Guide Adapter to use the set , it 's still a good value.The RA1100 Template Guide Adapter fits my old B&D ; Router Templates , so I have a relatively full set of guides.Yes , the guides are stamped metal , but they should be adequate for the homeowner . For dovetails , I have my B&D ; guides .
 had difficult time finding proper guide kit for my Bosch router . . found thru Amazon and price was good and service was excellent
 The template guides make it easier to make accurate cuts when used in conjunction with jigs . The set allows you to accomodate various bit sizes .
 I like it because unlike my Porter Cable adapter I do n't have to unscrew it from the base . Just push the release lever and off it comes . I am having to cut the depth back some because I mostly use 3/8 '' templates and some of the adapters are 1/2 '' long or more
 Using products made specifically for other products , particularly from the same manufacturer , has always proven to be the right thing to do and these guides are a good example . There are `` fits all '' guides available but require some form of modification to the router . Not the Bosch guides . They install and interchange easily and quickly without tools or base replacements . If you need guides for your Bosch router you ca n't go wrong with this set . You 'll even like the plastic case they 're stored in .
 The template guide set worked perfectly in my Bosch router . Also , I like that there is an adaptor to use standard templates also .
 If you have the Bosch Adapter in your base you must have this item to use any type of insert . I have not had to use the template that allows for use of Porter Cable bushings as I find that the ones included with this set more than cover the wide range of applications I use it for , such a dovetailing , pattern cut outs and inlays .
 If you a serious router person at some point you will need and/or use guides . This is a nice set , in a nice rugged case , to keep you organized , with common sizes you need . I use them with my Bosch router and they work just like they are suppose to .
 I purchased this product so I could do some dovetail work with my Bosch router . The locking insert worked perfectly with the dovetail guide that I bought . I have only used the one piece out of it so far , but I 'm completely happy . I only got the ground shipping when I ordered it but I had it in a few days .
 The template guides come in a sturdy impact resistant plastic storage case with space for three additional guides . I bought these used , but they look brand new . Included are five guides and one adapter and a sheet with their specifications . I did not receive instructions on how to install them on my router base but a little searching online and I was up and running in no time flat . They work just as I expected and I am completely satisfied with them . I strictly purchased them based on price , I 'm just learning how to use my router and I wanted an affordable product with multiple functions . They are sturdy steel and appear well made . If you are just getting into routing , this set is an affordable option . There are probably as good or even better guides on the market but I have n't seen any sets in this price range . If you are a novice or occasional user this is a perfect starter set . I have no idea how they compare to the Proter-Cable sets but the Bosch set is a more affordable option for getting started on a budget . Most important I got exactly what I needed to get started routing for a great price .
 I bought the Bosch router template guide set to use with a Bosch Router and a Porter Cable dovetail jig . While the Bosch guides are a unique design , there is an adapter included with the set to allow the use of the more standard screw-on type guides . I previously read a review indicating that the Bosch guides do n't work well with the Porter Cable jig , so I use the Porter Cable guides delivered with the jig along with the Bosch adapter . This arrangement works very well . I have not yet tried the Bosch guides for other applications .
 The Bosch Template Guide Set , is a great buy ! It works wonderfully with my Bosch router . I love how easy it is to just snap it in , no fiddling with screws and tightening . Nice heavy metal . Great case that holds all six pieces plus three extras . Good buy . I use it with my General International Dovetail Jig .
 This product was exactly what I was expecting . If fit very securely and easy to my Router base . I 've only been wood crafting for about 3 years but this worked great with my Dove Tail jigs and some miscellaneous templates . If you own a Bosch and looking for a template this was shipped out and I recieved them with in 72 hours regular shipping.Happy Customer .
 This guide set was easy to use in my trim router and provided a stable guide for template use . It could have had more templates .
 The template guide I needed was included in the set , and it installed and worked perfectly on first try . I 'm cutting dovetails for drawer boxes on my Bosch dovetail jig , and needed a new template to fit my new router . Fortunately , the adapter and these guides are well designed to work together .
 Used it the same day it arrived . I was able to quickly make cut-outs for installing blum hinges on three cabinets .
 These template guides are easy to use , fairly priced , and they do n't seem to be offered anywhere else that I could find . The case is a bonus !
 Bushings seem to be fine , some people dont like the two piece design , I think that they 'll work out great .
 The description was not clear that the router adapter is not included . You will need to purchase this separately . Other than this , the units work well .
 The Template Guides work great for my Bosch Plunge Router.The case they came in has a lot to be desired . Do n't expect much of the case if you buy the set . Without opening the box you will probably hear the guides bouncing around inside . Then when you do open it you will probably notice that they do not lock into their respective places . I tried taping them in with painters tape but gave up on that too : - -LRB-
 This is a great set of the most common sized template guides . They come in a nice , sturdy case that has room for 3 extra guides should you buy another size . What 's great about these adapters is that they snap into your Bosch router - quick and easy and they stay in place.However , the REAL selling point of this guide set is that it comes with the RA1100 threaded guide adapter . This adapter allows you to use Porter-Cable template guides in a Bosch Router . Many reviewers complain when they buy a PC dovetail jig or inlay kit that comes with a PC template guide , that it does n't fit in their router ... One guy hemmed and hawed that he had to create a custom baseplate for his Bosch router so that he could use his PC template guide ! There 's an easier way ! It 's the RA1100 . It too snaps into the router just like a template guide , but it 's slot is just the right size to fit threaded guides from PC . It 's the ultimate in versatility.Great guide set , but the PC adapter makes it a must own .
 I have recently purchaed a Bosch router and love it . It came with the adapter for these templates and they make changing different sizes a snap . No locking collar , just essentially snap them in and your ready to do dovetails , follow patterns , etc. .
 These work allright but are n't the best made guide bushings out there . They 're made up of 2 pieces pressed together kind of like a rivet . They 're ok , but not heavy duty . The Porter Cable type guide bushings are a little beefier & made with thicker metal . What I ended up using was just the PC adapter -LRB- available by itself at any wood working store -RRB- , a set of PC guide bushings -LRB- available anywhere -RRB- & a centering pin . Make sure to close the lever tight on the Bosch template adapter , otherwise it can move around & the bit wo n't be centered in the bushing . Personally I find these reviews very helpful & want to say thanks to the people who write them . They can definitely save us some time , money & headaches . If you have an opinion on a product I encourage you to put it in writing . Happy wood working !!
 It is a very nice set of template guides . Much easier to use than other guides because of the turn and snap in feature . But the main reason I bought this set of guides is because of the RA 1100 adapter which allows you to use porter cable and other 13/16 '' template guides . That was the main selling point for me .
 Overall the shelves themselves look quite nice but what I had n't realized is that is all they are , shelves . They do n't come with the mounting brackets or anything else . It 's probably my own fault . I would definitely buy another set if I had room for them , but I would also buy the mounting supplies too .
 The brand name is as reliable as ever ; but the shipping carton was so flimsy that the end rung at one end was bent . It did bend back and the only objection is that it is n't perfectly straight . However , it does not compromise the use of this high-quality product at all .
 Great product , easy to put together and very sturdy . Very clean look .
 Very pleased with product . My husband and I found this easy to install with little home improvement skills .
 These shelves are sturdier than the white closet shelving at the big box stores . I needed a shelf that had an up-turned front edge . I was able to get that by installing these shelves in reverse . I used some small strap clamps from the electrical department to secure them to the trailer walls and a 2x2 post on the front edge . So far they are working out great .
 I bought this shelving system in pieces to use in my cargo trailer . I wanted a system I could customize and that would be lightweight and sturdy at the same time . This has been in my trailer now for over a year and has survived bumpy NY roads and long cross country hauls . It handles the loads I put on the shelves even when I do n't do it so gingerly . They even survive the shelving loads , strapped down and bouncing ! These are really sturdy ! I would recommend using at least one screw to secure the bottoms of the vertical hangers to keep them from shifting if you are using these in a application such as mine . I know these are not designed for my use but you would n't know it from the way they handle ! I get compliments from other people with cargo haulers looking for something similar . Great product !
 I plan to buy another dozen of these . They hold a lot of weight and are very sturdy .
 Great product but do n't overdo it . You do n't need to add much when making hypertufas -LRB- or they look hairy ! -RRB-
 This will help keep your sidewalk projects from cracking.Mix them up well.I usually put two 60 lb sacks of redi-mix in my small mixer with .57 oz of fibers.I put the fibers into the mixer between the 2 bags of Redi-mix . Occasionally a small glop of fibers -LRB- like 1/8 '' -RRB- will appear on surface of concrete while finishing.Just knock it down under the cream.I put 10 yards on concrete in my backyard with these fibers and you do n't see the fibers anywhere.Why would I do 10 yards of cement with a mixer?I am retired . I have plenty of time but not money.Great Product .
 Purchased this product on Amazon because the staff at the two big box hardware stores did n't have a clue what I was talking about . This product is used to add strength to small concrete jobs or in my case , making hypertufa containers . It seems to do what it says and the proof will be when I actually plant my container . Hypertufa needs to cure just like concrete so it will be several weeks before I can be sure it works . The product was easy to work with and disperses well in the hypertufa mix . It works like a fiberglass undercoat and should serve my purpose well .
 3/4 inch poly-fibers . Could use a better pic and description . More reputable product than the item entails . Will be purchasing again .
 I used this product in my hypertufa projects for the yard . Using this fiber , you do not have to build a wire mesh frame for your project - up to a certain size . I started with smaller projects which only require a small handful of fibers . I worked up to the larger shapes - one was a bird bath disk shape measuring 22 '' across . I 'm not sure this one will hold up over successive winters due to the shape and amount of water weight it holds . However , for smaller projects , the fiber is great . My only complaint is the price per volume . I searched online and found the commercial price is a fraction of this - and you have to buy 100 lbs or more . As I 'm not making that many birdbaths , I 'm glad to pay the small volume price .
 We 've been using this water heater for 6 years , and overall it performs very well . Putting this outside made room inside in the old water heater closet , where we then installed a stackable washer/dryer . It was a huge improvement to our house.It provides plenty of hot water for our small 2 bedroom house , acting as the only water heater we have . The only complaint I have is that the pilot light does occasionally go out . We live on the coast near San Francisco , and I think the fog takes its toll on the thermocouple . Every 6 months or so I have to relight the pilot , and sometimes it just wo n't stay lit unless I take out the thermocouple and clean it with some emery paper . I 'm finally replacing the thermocouple this week . It 's a $ 10 part and if you are someone mechanically inclined a simple job to do.Overall I 've been pretty pleased with it and would buy another one .
 Do n't be fooled by the picture , these are not WHITE , they are the satin nickel -LRB- grey -RRB- finish . For some reason I can not find the 16 inch ones in white , I assumed by the picture that they were white , but when I got them they were not . When I more closely read the details I then saw it was satin nickel . Which is fine but not with white shelving in a white room . My fault for not reading details .
 I bought this shelving system in pieces to use in my cargo trailer . I wanted a system I could customize and that would be lightweight and sturdy at the same time . This has been in my trailer now for over a year and has survived bumpy NY roads and long cross country hauls . It handles the loads I put on the shelves even when I do n't do it so gingerly . They even survive the shelving loads , strapped down and bouncing ! These are really sturdy ! I would recommend using at least one screw to secure the bottoms of the vertical hangers to keep them from shifting if you are using these in a application such as mine . I know these are not designed for my use but you would n't know it from the way they handle ! I get compliments from other people with cargo haulers looking for something similar . Great product !
 I made the mistake of thinking they came in pairs . I ordered what I thought was two sets for two shelves , but what I got was two brackets . So , I was left with one shelf up , the other on the floor with no brackets.No biggie , right ? Just go get two more Rubbermaid brackets ? Sure , except the only place I can find this particular kind -LRB- 5E20 -RRB- is on Amazon ! And I live in the DC/VA metro area - there are plenty of places to go to . Aarrrgh ! So , I have to order , and wait . In the meantime , my shelf is on the floor along with a bunch of stuff that would go on the shelf.Besides this minor mishap - the shelf system itself is awesome . I like the look , the quality is good , and they are strong , sturdy and durable enough to hold my books and other miscellaneous items . They will last a long time .
 I love he rubbermaid fasttrack system ; very easy to install and makes organization very easy .
 The only place that I could find the bracket with clips was on Amazon !! This was easy to install and we had shelves in seconds
 I was short some chain for haning a light fixture -LRB- I had to &#34; swag &#34; it -RRB- , so , after some searching , I found this one . The color matched perfectly , and the chain is very good quality - I could probably use it to drag a small car ... That being said , I think I spent almost as much for the additional chain as I did for the light fixture .
 This works really great to add 2 more shelves to the rubbermaid shelf kits .
 Howdy.The photo above shows a Eurypterid , state fossil of new york.It 's not a `` flatfish , '' but is better known as a `` sea scorpion '' though that 's not really correct either.Awesome fossil , rare in most places . Specimen like this came out of a quarry in the middle of Buffalo , and in the cuts for the Erie Canal .
 Although I have n't used this yet , it looks like a quality product that should be pretty easy to use . This company -LRB- Bon Tool -RRB- was super to deal with . My purchase was accidentally shipped by UPS to the wrong address and Bon Tool took care of the situation quickly and sent me another order .
 I 've used this hose now for 6 months . I have owned 5 homes over the last 45 yrs including some on acreage so I 've owned dozens of hoses . This hose resists kinks better than most and any kink is easily `` pulled '' out . It is a bit on the heavy side . When you turn it off and then let the pressure out you 'll be surprised at how little water comes out , a testament to the lack of stretch under pressure -LRB- I believe the 400 psi burst strength -RRB- . The hot water capability is nice when using it with a pressure washer or hooking it to the garage hose bib to wash the cars . I wish it came in a 100 foot length but for now 75 will have to do .
 Been using for a few months . It handles the hottest water setting on my hot water heater . No leaks and no burns .
 Reversible chuck has a side for tiny drills -LRB- < 1/16 '' or so if you bend the prongs out just a wee bit -RRB- and is reversible ; the other side appears to accepts something along the line of a Dremel -LRB- tm -RRB- bit . I have had some difficulty tightening the bits enough to work on material harder than e.g. balsawood . The knurled finish is pretty coarse -- coarser , I would say , than would improve grip and into the range of germinating early blisters if you use it very much . It 's well constructed and the wheely-wheel on the end spins freely , alleviating a pet peeve of mine . I would rather have a reversible chuck that accepts larger bit sizes and a less aggressive knurl , but basically a solid tool.LATER
 I used this pin vise right out of the box to install pin hinges on my model planes . Works flawlessly . I only wish it came with some drill bits , but I had plenty on hand .
 This is your basic Fortiflex horse bucket . Good quality , works great , would buy again.A little product color confusion after I ordered , I thought I selected `` black '' for the color when I ordered , but the description came up green on the order confirmation . I did n't much care what color showed up , so did n't matter to me , but the correct color -LRB- black -RRB- showed up :-RRB- . Just an FYI if you are concerned about the wrong color showing up if you have a color scheme going at your barn .
 Excellent product , dry very quick with excellent finish , I used last year also the ivory color for painting my outside furniture , it is still beautiful as it was one year ago , no scratches or falling off of the painting , very durable even on every day used surfaces .
 This paint made the job really easy . I painted an odd shaped indoor table that is almost a concrete like material . The job would have been impossible to do by hand with a brush so I chose this spray paint and could n't be happier . I used 4 cans to do 3 coats of paint on the table base and the color came out great . The paint dried fast and is not giving me any problems inside . The seller that I got this from -LRB- acehardwareoutlet -RRB- took a week to ship the paint , so that was not so great ... try to buy from a different seller - but definitely get this paint !
 Item was exactly as described . Works perfectly to add a 3rd or 4th bike to the Topeak Bike Stand . Great space saver !
 I bought this for our two flat apartment in Chicago . I have several bikes and my girlfriend has two as well . This is a great looking rack that is super sturdy . The large nylon nut on one of my racks seems to have stripped out . It still works but I hate when threads are mad of any plastic material as if I try to tighten it pops off the threads . Its a great rack and extremely adjustable for all those different frames sizes and types . Works great for mens style frames but I imagine a women 's style frame would be more difficult .
 This is a great light , easily mounted and very bright . 50 ' cord allows it to go to every corner of the garage . It 's something I should have bought years ago . Only wish that had a power plug on the light head , would make it the perfect light .
 This is a GREAT work light . I use it commercially and daily . It is a huge improvement over the old incandescent light I had before . I would recommend it to anyone in a heartbeat .
 i ca n't believe i waited so long to get it !! i also ordered the cord reel and use them both often . very quick and easy to use . no more looking for cord and having to wind it back up after use .
 I was short some chain for haning a light fixture -LRB- I had to &#34; swag &#34; it -RRB- , so , after some searching , I found this one . The color matched perfectly , and the chain is very good quality - I could probably use it to drag a small car ... That being said , I think I spent almost as much for the additional chain as I did for the light fixture .
 If you have good thermal paste and good soldering skills , you can use these batteries to make your ISOTip like new again .
 battery is identical to the old one . Installation is a challenge for me , but everything is OK .
 Delivered quickly . Replaced an old droplight that was 20 years old . Picture showed a ring hanging connector which was what I had before . Came with a wall mount only that I used to hang from the ceiling like my last light . Seems well made and has about 10 more feet of cord compared to what I had before . It is 16/3 wire which is what I wanted because I used the cord receptacle for my my vacuum cleaner . Overall I 'm pleased . To early to tell how it will hold up .
 recieved this as a gift . works very well , well built . I will use it a lot in my shop.this wil be one of the most used items I have .
 Heavy-duty cord , reel and components , with the exception of the light housing . Mine arrived bent and warped . Fortunately , it is made of thin metal , which is easy to bend into shape , so no harm done . With a more robust light housing , this is easily a 5-star item .
 It 's nice to know that when I wear out the original roller , I got four replacements that will keep my Paint Buddy around for a very long time . They wash up well and last a long time ; I had this system for over 2 years now and I 've only replaced one roller . I have a Paint Buddy for every room color in my house , so I do n't have to swap it out ; just replace when too worn . I love this product and Amazon had the best deal after much research !
 The paint buddy is my favorite toy to use around my office ... and these are needed & great when your pad gets stiff ... easy to change out too .
 This primer worked great on my boat . Easy to apply and sands easily . I was able to primer all of the area above the water line of an 18 ' boat with one quart of this primer . Highly recommended .
 I used this primer on a teardrop camper i built this past winter . It smells to high heaven and back so open your doors but it sealed up the wood and thats what matters to me .
 I have a 14 ' sears gamefisher and half of this can covered the entire boat . It 's easy to apply with roller/brush tip method , took me about an hour to do my whole boat .
 I have been using rustoleum on my boat for a couple of years now and it holds up very well . The new marine paint is great and a whole lot cheaper than standard marine paint . My boat is used in salt water and it is a open boat so the painted surfaces get a lot of weather . It has held up well and it is easy to apply . I will continue to use it for all my boating needs . You do n't have a great variety of colors but they have what I need . As with all painting the prep and the priming says how good the paint will hold up . I used Rustoleum primer and paint both . Great products .
 I used this product on the wood trim of my big screened porch . The wood had been looking horrible , and other primers were n't lasting more than one or two storms -LRB- this is Florida , after all -RRB- . But this one did the trick , and the new paint over it , from the same company , looks fantastic .
 This is a great product , but did n't realize it was available at Lowes . I could have saved the cost of shipping of this and the two other colors that I bought at the same time .
 Shipped out the next dayWorked greatLoved the priceWould recommend others to consider purchasingWould purchase this item again
 I used this paint on the kids ' outdoor playhouse . It 's so vibrant -LRB- blue -RRB- . I loved the nozzle . It let me paint along edges -LRB- aim -RRB- without spraying all over . I actually used the Rustoleum paint for plastic too ... I have to say , I did not think it was as good . I think partly because of the nozzle . I really , really like this Fusion paint for plastic !
 Fit and worked fine . I exploded a lower RPM rated pad by mistake on a new grinder . This is good one . I would buy again .
 Had an old Arrow Stapler that worked fine and could not find replacement at Big Box hardware stores . These staples worked great and the price was right !
 Thi is the only thing I could find with this bulb shape , only needed a 1.5 V replacement but it works ! The shape and size of the bulb is critical because of the reflector and hood of the light . No other bulb would fit in this device .
 I noticed right away how much brighter these bulbs were than my old bulbs , I would buy these bulbs again .
 Bought the Doctor Mom Original Pocket Otoscope and almost immediately the bulb burnt out . These fit perfectly and its good as new .
 We bought a house just over a year ago with a detached 24x30 shop . My first project was getting one of these ladders and installing it in the shop -LRB- since it only had a scuttle hole for attic access -RRB- . It has proved invaluable for getting up and down to the attic for storing all the crap we brought over from our other house.It was relatively easy to install and I managed to do it entirely by myself . Since there was already a way to get into the attic and I was installing the ladder at a different location , it was possible for me to install temporary lumber below the new hole and rest the ladder on them while I tacked down the temporary hangers . At that point , I just removed the temporary lumber and finished the install.The ladder has gotten a lot of use over the past year and works just as well as it did when I installed it . The design is simple and reliable and you just ca n't beat the price . Even though the price just now jumped from $ 98 to $ 119 , I think it 's still a good deal.Now , one year later , I want to utilize the area above our attached carport for storing more junk . So , I just ordered another one . I 'm pretty confident that I will be just as happy with this purchase.EDIT : So , I received the second ladder and the quality is just as good as the first one I bought last year . This product is still relatively easy to install and also works just as good.On a side note , I did take the option of purchsing one of the `` used '' items from the Amazon Warehouse which states
 It 's unbelievable that you can get this ladder delivered to your door for less than 100 bucks . Yes , it 's a bare bones attic ladder , but it does what it 's supposed to . It 's perfect for my garage . If you 're installing it in an interior room or hallway , you might want to upgrade to a nicer unit . Installation is n't too bad -- I never did this before . I did have to cut the opening in the ceiling and frame out an opening . A half-capable home handyman with basic tools can do it . At least one extra helper getting the thing up in the ceiling is a must . It turned into a weekend job for me . All in all , I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 i was in process of building stair for my shop 2nd floor when i priced out the cost vs these stairs what a great deal . they work great absolutely no problems putting them in I highly recommend if you are even thinking about it
 I installed this attic ladder myself . Have had it for a few years and have had no problems with it .
 I love this unit . It installed easily and quickly . The pneumatic struts operate much easier and smoother than the old style springs . The instructions are easy to follow . Just make sure you measure twice and cut once .
 Easy to install with my 14 year old son . Only gripe would be the instructions to cut off the excess feet were very small and difficult to read and understand , luckily I measured twice before cutting or they would have been too short with no option to fix , be careful!Nice , solid and sturdy construction , do n't know why you would want a more expensive ladder , other than for more weight capacity or you just like aluminum , when this is a very excellent wooden ladder . Every home needs an attic ladder , no more squeezing through the small opening , should have done this years ago . It is also cheaper to store stuff in the attic than rent a storage unit .
 I would reccomend this attic stairway . I bought it to replace my old one with spring arms that broke . The new hydralic arms leave a lot more space when taking boxes up to the attic . If you want to install yourself no worries it is very easy . buy one !
 This ladder is extremely effective and is extremely easy to install . It has several different sizes to choose from , which can be modified to fit different floor heights . The gas cylinders are a great improvement over the old spring-loaded systems . I would definitely buy this again !
 I , as did another contributor , bought one of these from Home Depot , less than $ 1C . The ladder itself is of satisfactory quality for what you pay , but the installation instructions and installation hardware are pathetic . 4 '' nails , roofing nails , perforated strap , and silly `` shim '' -LRB- 4X5 '' piece of '' plywood -RRB- would make installation difficult and dangerous IMHO . Also , IMHO , the 250 # rating is understandably underrated , particularly if SECURELY attatched to the ceiling trusses . . I secured two pieces of 1X4 across opening at ends and just set the ladder on them , in the opening . I then , after cutting a full length shim to bring both sides in contact with trusses , bolted it fast with 8 ~ 5/16 bolts of varying lengths to the truss on each side . `` Nail it up '' per instructions ? Hang it with the perforated strap and roofing nails ? Silly , dangerous and difficult ! . P.S.
 Ordered this for my daughters garage attic . was shipped very quickly and arrived in good shape . Not the strongest ladder on the market but for the price seems to work just fine . Her friend is 220lbs and he uses it without a problem . Read the instructions on how to install ... makes it easier than just trying to stick it in the hole.AFTER 1 YEAR : This ladder performs the same as it did the day it was put in . . no broken or loose pieces .
 Easy to install and sturdy , for the money . One star off for the ridiculous 4 `` x5 '' , 3/16 '' thick plywood `` shim '' and the installation hardware . The straps for temp hanging it with the roofing nails are ok , but the nails for final fastening are a waste , unless you are an expert carpenter . I used 2 `` x 5/16 '' lag screws with drilled 1/4 '' pilot holes . If I 'd had a framing nailer I 'd have used that . Also , once its in and open , your 221/2 '' wide hole is a lot narrower at the top with the ladder-springs and all , but that 's the nature of attic stairways . Before installing , get yourself a good supply of shims , etc. . My trusses were almost 23 '' apart , and I had to use a 5/8 '' thick plywood strip shim the entire length plus the few door shims as expected , making my ladder only 221/4 '' actual wide . Anyway , my suggested procedure would be
 I had an aluminum ladder that broke after 5 years and it was selling on Amazon for $ 299 and when I bought it I only paid about $ 130 or so . I saw this ladder for $ 98 and it looked like the same ladder that I had except it was wood and the aluminum was rated for 350 lbs . and the wood was 250 lbs . I do n't weigh that much and because the hole in my ceiling is large I figured I could use a pulley if I needed to carry something up or down from the attic . It would be safer that way also . The item was shipped to me in only 2 days with regular free shipping and the parts were all there and instructions were simple to follow . However step 1 said that 2 people were needed to install and I do n't like to ask anyone for help and I did n't want to wait for my friend to come to help me later in the week -- so , I figured I would rip the old broken one out and me being the `` got ta get it done now '' guy , I do n't recommend this , but I hooked up a pulley and lo and behold got the job done myself.Granted it was quite a struggle but all went well and it is safely installed and is framed square and the bubble on the level is right on . It actually is installed better than the other one that broke . I live in a house on a slab -LRB- no basement -RRB- and no garage so the attic is precious . I suggest you get another person to help but for the price and quality it is an unbelievable deal . I would give this 6 stars if I could as it really is a durable ladder and for $ 98 and free shipping/no tax you wo n't find a better deal .
 If you 're looking for pull-down attic stairs that you use everyday or want pre-insulated , this one may not be for you as it 's kind of the cheapest option . BUT if , like us , you 're just going to be using it occasionally to get to your storage ... absolutely fine . Plenty sturdy enough so far after about 10 months of use -LRB- I 'd say we only use it about once/week -RRB- . Installed -LRB- fairly -RRB- simply by my carpenter husband and a helper , though of course we had to install our own trim and modified insulation . We went from a push-up access hole in the ceiling to this , so we 're MORE than happy !
 I thought reviews are to comment on the product not the deal at Amazon.My boy friend is a contractor and installed many of these Louisville attic ladders.They are a great deal if you buy from Amazon or Home Depot.We like Amazon because he can stop wasting time shopping and just order on line . The ladder arrives when it is needed for the job.For a contractor time is money and shopping is left to me : - -RRB-
 It arrived in a timley manner and the price was good . A couple of staples were a little lose on arrival but it was no big deal . A couple raps with the hammer and it was good to go . Your standard pull down stairs . It was a bit heavy and awkard to get up inside the rafters . It would have been far easier 20 years ago when I was using a younger man 's body . Smile .
 I already reviewed the other ladder that I bought , the L224P which is identical except one is for a little higher ceilings . They are fine and about the least expensive around . Sure , the fancier models may be nice , but hey , it 's just an attic access ladder .
 This thing works well enough , but you can do the same thing yourself with a few free or super cheap old blankets ; any thrift store is full of them . Wrap a few around and tie up with duct tape . Voila ! You 've saved a bunch of money on your heating bill and you have n't had to support the environmentally unhealthy manufacture of fiberglass insulation , etc.Plus you 've kept a couple blankets out of the landfill.Very nice.Just make sure to do it on an electric heater , or if you 've got gas with a pilot light , use a flameproof blanket . A space blanket would do nicely.DIY ... in today 's economy , wiser than ever .
 Beautiful chrome plated pry bar ! Made in Japan ! Very lightweight ! Wide pry ends w/o nail pullers ! Sweet ! Long enough to provide great leverage !
 THIS SOLDERING IRON IS GREAT FOR HOME OR BUSINESS USE . IT IS VERY WELL PRICED FOR A DIGITAL READ OUT TEMPERATURE TYPE SOLDERING STATION . I HAVE USED MINE SEVERAL TIMES SINCE PURCHASE AND IT HAS PERFORMED GREAT .
 This is the most intense tire tray anyone could ever purchase . Caveat
 This works just like expected , it 's a simple piece that will make sure your wall is not a mess when hanging the bike .
 These are great if you have limited space in your garage , and the ceiling is n't available . It works on both road and MTBs and is easily installed on wall or post . Be advised that the bike needs to be centered in the hook and trays -LRB- I also bought the bottom tray for more stability -RRB- or it will shift on you . Not a problem unless your car or doorway is nearby !
 For a very reasonable price , the Da Vinci tray keeps the bikes from leaving scuff marks all over the garage wall , and it stabilizes the bike in its hanging position , too .
 This piece effectively keeps tire tracks off the wall when hanging your bike from a hook . Very sturdy design .
 This is necessary if you want to preserve the wall that you hang your bike on . This prevents the bike from scracthing the walls .
 I moved to a new apartment with a ClosetMaid system that was short 1 bracket . It matched the existing unit and it does it 's job of holding up the shelf .
 Great heavy duty bracket with nice white finish . Real Closetmaid quality with perfect fit . The shelfFrack system lets you adjust/install the brackets and shelfs at different heights without reinstalling supports in the wall . Quick change in an ever changing world .
 I purchased several dozen of these brackets for the purpose of installing an ADJUSTABLE shelving system in one of my closets . Each bracket was about $ 3.15 while HomeDepot charged $ 4.57 each . This represented a significant savings . I was pleased that the transaction went without any problems . For me , one out of every 3 or 4 online purchases seem to result in catastrophe , leading me to believe that online sales will eventually fall as people get fed up with being burned.I will purchase many more brackets again in the future from this seller.Thank you , Ken
 Same brand as Home Depot 's but cheaper depending on quanity , tax rate and shipping . The more you buy the more the savings . Product is A-1 .
 I ran some pine and some red oak through the bits just to see how they cut with different wood . The edge was as smooth as a babies bottom and feed rates were reasonable . Even when I slowed to a painful crawl , I had no problem with wood burning . They were a great deal -LRB- they came with a 31/4 hp router -RRB- . Very happy with them
 I got this set as a freebie with a Makita router a couple of years ago . At the time they were selling it for about 40 so I thought it was a nice extra with an already low priced router.I 've made several sets of doors with it . Holds the edge pretty well . Most of what I have run through it is Oak , and occasionally you get some tearout on the rails inner edge , but that is probably more due to the grain in the oak then anything with the bits themselves .
 It 's a nice brass shower arm . Not much to really comment on , it is what it is . Nice weight , seems to be sturdy .
 Not a whole lot to say about this ... you need it for the shower to work but it is as expected .
 I have a pond that holds about 14,000 gallons of water . I hooked up a fifty foot inch hose to the pump . I then broke the ice that was on the top of the water , tied the pump into a plastic create to keep it upright as well as off of the bottom and threw it in . I plugged it in and away it went.The hose was going up about six vertical feet and the rest of the hose was stretched out to the side . The instructions say to not leave it unattended , but it was only eighty dollars so I figured if it had any issues it was worth the one time cost to drain the pond . I came back a day later and the pond was empty . The pump was not running so I figured it had burned itself out . I gathered everything up and headed for the garage , I plugged the pump in again to test it and it started right up . The manual says it has an automatic shut off if it overheats so it must have kicked on and off a few times overnight.Like I said before it was worth it for a one time usage , but it looks like this thing has plenty more life left in it.Update
 Have n't had any more floods to use this for but I used my neighbors twice in March to pump out the basement and it worked GREAT !
 The unfinished walk-out basement area of my house fills with about 4-6 inches of water when there 's a very heavy or prolonged rain . I purchased this pump a few weeks ago , and got to use it when Hurricane Irene hit . My basement is n't very large -LRB- 12x12 -RRB- , and the pump looked pretty small . However , it kept up with the water during the hurricane and emptied the basement like a champ . I used the garden hose attachment . So glad I bought this pump . It prevented my boiler and water heater from getting ruined .
 I could n't be more pleased with this product . The pump gets heavy use and works great .
 This is my 3rd pump in 8 years . It is used in a fountain that runs 14 hours a day . The pump averages about 2-3 years before failures . The warranty is for 1year so I suppose 2-3 years life expectancy is OK . The pump is a workhorse .
 Odd use but I bought this pump to use as a powered dog washing station . Have a dog with a lot -LRB- !! -RRB- of hair and it usually takes me about an hour to shampoo and rinse him off so needless to say he 's usually quite dirty.Got this idea to just make a power washer using a utility pump and its worked out perfectly . The pump seems to be reliable and well made . My only concern has to do with the filter and whether it would hold out hair . I could n't find out how big the filter is so I ended up wrapping the pump with some women 's pantyhose.I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to others who need this type of pump .
 We bought this pump to be used in our pond for our skimmer and it works great even though we use it 24/7 .
 This redwood and glass bird feeder was a gift to me 25 years ago . Apparently a squirrel jumped on it and the hanging wire broke , crashing it to the ground . It was broken beyond repair . I was very happy to find the exact duplicate . It is a very good looking feeder , we and all the birds love it . The only problem is it is n't pigeon and squirrel proof .
 Not my first time purchasing this item . I like it alot . . unfortunately so do the parakeets . . The gnaw on the wood . . The feeders -LRB- 2 -RRB- did last 4 years of gnawing.This order I did not receive the pine cons that attach to the bottom . an added attraction ...
 I use these at the shop . Best way to clean anything . I use them to after welding and to clean rust . Great for cleaning edges and rough material .
 We use these roloc discs to sand steels and other components for installation into automatic transmissions . I was ordering them from a local parts supplier , but got a much better deal on Amazon . Go Amazon !
 Easy convience compared to switching grinding discs in the old grinders . Simple quarter turn on and thats it . Ca n't beat it , although they run a little pricy , you 're bound to find a good deal on amazon somewhere .
 This is great for painting ceramics and such . I like it for the small points of a project that require extra care . It lights up nicely . I wish the stand was a little taller , but it does work great !!
 It does what it says it does accuratly . If this is a do it yourselfer make a note or take a photo of where the four wires go and also turn off the breaker ! This is a 220 line !!!
 Purchased to replace bad switch . Easy replacement , worked as the old switch did . Flotec is good quality and had no issues with the new switch
 Hand planes are like musical instruments
 I have been collecting Stanley woodworking planes for many years and I was intersted in this unit as it is fully adjustable and very easy to use . The cost is reasonable and the quality of the # 4 plane is excellent . While it is not of the quality of the very old Stanley wood planes it does an excellent job for the money . I would recommend this unit to anyone needing a woodworking plane to be used for reasonable working jobs or as a basic starter plane .
 For the price , good value . Sharpens up well . Adjustment takes a bit of time but once done works well . Just make sure you sand the handles down or you 'll have blisters !! Oh yeah , the base needs a bit of work but mine was actually quite true . It just needs smoothing with a finer grit sandpaper than the factory used !
 I am glad I made the purchase.I used a sander before for a piece of wood that needed adjustment to fit perfect . It is a good tool to have on hand .
 Wow . I sure was surpised when the bench plane arrived . It 's so big and sturdily built , unexpectedly so considering how reasonable the price was . I 'd recommmend this plane , especially for someone who does n't expect to be using it a lot and so does n't want to buy an expensive plane . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I was hoping that the gauge really would come equipped with a 1/8 '' pipe fitting on the gauge and a 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' separate adapter as shown in the product photo ... and indeed it does ! This little bit of added flexibility is a nice feature which I do n't often find at this price point . The gauge itself seems about what you would expect . A plastic case and lens and the whole assembly Made in China . I 'm using it for monitoring pressure output from our well water system and it does the job . Our pump is in an enclosed area and I would n't use this gauge outside exposed to the weather as it does n't seem to have any sort of weatherproofing . All in all , I 'm a happy camper .
 I did what it was advertised to do . It came with the proper adapters for 1/8 npt or 1/4 npt which was a nice plus . no running to the plumbing supply for parts .
 Built feels cheapish , plastic lens and housing , but does well what it should . Appeared to be well designed and hand does not stick , no need to tap on it . Calibration as good as most analog gauges . So far works without any problem .
 This was a life saver as our water was not working right . WE have well water and the pump was coming on and off so this part fixed the pump .
 Had to replace our well pump along with the new pressure gage.work great . Will shop with you again.satisfied customer , George
 Right now it works fine -- but will it stand the test of time?I will get back to you in about 10 years .
 One the items you need when you need it , Price was good and product was well worth what i paid for it
 Purchase to replace old gauge , No issues , good quality . Pressure gauge just as described . Purfect replacement which allowed for easy replacement .
 So far so good but I 've only been using it for a month . No issues yet . Seems substantial and beefy and just what I was looking for . Hardware appears to be heavy duty . Purchased this and the same one in 75 foot lenght . The water I use for outdoors is acidic and full of iron so I 'll wait and see how it holds up .
 Great hose ! Takes abuse , coils easily ! What else you need ? Oh yes and MADE IN USA ! Buy it -- no regrets !
 So far this hose has taken a beating and is still in good shape . It has cars driving over it and horses stepping on it on a daily basis . This is a good investment , I would definitelly recommend it .
 I use these hoses in my RV . They are heavy enough to handle a variety of uses . A little heavy to cart around but well worth the money .
 This is the best price I could find for a 3/4 &#34; hose . I just use it for watering around the house . For this purpose it 's great . It 's fat and heavy so it takes a bit to muscle around , but I can use the exercise . I have n't had any kinking issues so far . After a few hours in the sun it lays flat and does n't try to return to it 's rolled up form . This hose is many times better than the 5/8 $ 10 - $ 15 dollar light duty ones you find in stores . You may not be happy if you are using it in situations where it might be subject to cutting or snagging , but for general use around the house and if you want the flow of 3/4 &#34; this is the way to go .
 The ends are heavy duty and high flow , just what I was wanting to maintain good water pressure . The coil spring around one end helps prevent kinking at the faucet . It 's flexible rubber so easy to handle , yet heavy duty . The price was less than other hoses of good quality -LRB- over 500 psi -RRB- , so I thought it would feel cheap , but it seems durable and flexible so I 'm going to buy another one .
 Some areas of the yard need hand watering . This hose has a one inch feed line and will empty the bladder tank and take all the pump can handle . The pump water volume doubles at lower pressure and this gets the job done fast .
 Very good product for the money . No problem with leakage . Hose is quite heavy and bulky -LRB- cause it 's 3/4 '' instead of 5/8 '' -RRB- . Until it warms up , it 's hard to maneuver the hose when watering area to area . Hose construction is well made and should last many , many years . I was just happy it did n't leak . Would recommend its purchase .
 this lamp is the perfect size for counter top or bedside . It has beautiful blue color and detailing . I ordered a second one !
 Five years ago I installed theHeath Zenith 925 Wired Door Chime Push Button , Antique Brass with Lighted Centerfrom Home Depot in my pre amazon days . I purchased an extra ` refill ' or replacement button as that is the only part that goes bad . After five years the contacts corroded and the door bell did not work so I installed the extra one I had and ordered another one from amazon.My doorbell now works again . Heath Zenith makes good quality parts , the plate this installs in still looks excellent . My advice , if you need a new doorbell button buy the assembly and an extra replacement button.Note
 This button replaced the one in my existing plate that the light went out . It fit exactly and was easy to replace .
 This button was easy to install and the light is brighter than the one before . This was a great price !
 Amazon recently ran this fan at $ 99.99 , with super saver shipping . This , to me , was a screaming deal , and I just had two of them professionally installed . My husband assembled the fan blades , took a look at the instructions , and mimicked Clint Eastwood -LRB- a man 's got to know his limitations -RRB- . Do yourself a favor , and have them put in by a handyman . Ours installs fans all the time , and it took him just under two hours to take down the two old ones and put up the new ones , including setting up the remotes . They are perfectly quiet and quite beautiful . If you can get them at the bargain price , you will not be disappointed . August 31 , 2007 update
 I purchased this fan to replace our old , gold one . I needed a slower speed so that my eyes would not dry out . This fan has three speed settings which are wonderful . It is less lighting than the old one but we also have a vaulted ceiling so it is higher than the average ceiling . It is beautiful and quiet . Overall a very attractive and functional unit . I 'm very happy with the quality of the unit . Also , the paddles can be turned over for a lovely light side . That 's the side we used as the side shown in the picture is too dark for our living room .
 I bought this fan for my computer room . it is quietand gives off plenty of light . it is great forthe money -LRB- $ 59 -RRB- and easy to install . the one thingthey could have done was to add a hook so thatyou could hang it from the ceiling box whilehooking up the wires . -LRB- Hunter fans have this feature . -RRB- without it you need two people to hook it up , one to hold the fan and one connect the wires.we did not hook up the remote . otherwisea great fan for the money .
 For what I paid I consider this to be a great buy especially with the remote unit which I ended up not using ! I decided to keep mine wired to the switches . If you do n't have a fan wall switch then the remote unit is perfect for you . That alone sells at some place more than $ 40 . Installation was easy . Of course considering you already have a ceiling box for it.The only bad thing about this is the lighting which is too weak . It takes three tiny bulbs more suitable for a nightlight .
 The ceiling fan was easy to assemble and install . It looks amazing and I love the fact that it comes with a remote !!!
 I got this product for and installed without any problem . I am not a handyman it took for the first one approximately one hour rest finished in half hour each . . there is some problem with remote it is not quite responsive .
 I dont understand why earlier reviews were complaining about time it takes to assemble this fan , and how complicated it is . Believe me its a breeze , just read the manual . I mean it could not be more straightforward than this.It runs quitely and remote functions nicely.I dont see any issues either installing or using this product .
 I dont know how it took someone 's handyman 2 hours to install this fan . It was easy to install by myself , a 22 y/o man . I got a good deal on it from amazon at $ 60 , but otherwise would n't buy a fan personally . It looks great , runs quiet , I recommend it but I 'm sure there 's better deals for the money once this thing jumps back to it 's original price .
 What can I say ? It 's air hose . If you wake up in the middle of the night and realize you need some air hose . Get on Amazon and getcha some . Oh , it 's good quality air hose , by the way .
 I said goodbye to my old air hose after pinching it in the foot of my 40 ' extension ladder until it had a gapping hole in it . Needed a replacement to finish spray painting my house . I was able to replace it within 4 days via Amazon/ToolsNow for under $ 10.00 . The new hose is lighter than my old , which makes it lighter when hanging off a spray paint gun , yet is just as durable . I like the new -LRB- fire engine red -RRB- hose better . Too bad the shipping almost cost what the hose did . But overall , it was a great deal with excellent delivery time .
 I use goggles a lot , in hot and humid conditions . I can make these fog up , but it is pretty tough . I really like these since they seem to scratch less and keep a good clear view . They cost more , but I find them worth it .
 Good goggles for dirt tracks . They fit nicely over a pair of glasses and do n't allow dust in . Never had a problem with fog . Recommended wear for Eldora !
 I have been using these goggles for years . I used to get them at Home Depot for about $ 12 . They stopped carrying them probably because people purchased the $ 1 type . You get what you pay for . They are extremely clear and rugged . I have tried all brands and types and it is hard to keep any type of goggle from fogging and obviously in cold conditions . If you want the best goggles made , this is it . Thanks Amazon for carrying the item .
 My husband loves these glasses and was so happy to find them again after Home Depot stopped carrying similar glasses . He likes his sunglasses dark , and these fit the bill . They fit well , cover your whole eye area , and stay on great , but they do seem to scratch easily so I only gave them 4 stars .
 I LOVE these glasses . They fit great cuz I can adjust them every way possible . The darkness is perfect ! I can drive directly into the sun in the morning or evening and not even squint . I originally bought a pair a few years ago at Home Depot and took care of them like gold . Lost them in Mexico , and would n't you know it , Home Depot did n't carry them anymore . Could n't find the equivalant so I looked and looked until I found them here , even called MSA directly but they would sell them direct to me . Only thing I dont like is they scratch somewhat easy even though the description says they dont , and when you lift your glasses and put them on the top of your head , they slip off real easy . But heck , it thats the only problem , then there 's not much of a problem .
 These are good glasses . I have light blue eyes and here in Miami the sun is killer . The only thing is that the `` coating '' scratches and then you wind up with a line thru the lens . In being a union electrician , working outside @ the airport on the white rock during the summer these glasses are darker than any safety glasses I have tried before . All I would like to know is what is the actual number of the darkness . I tried welding/cutting glasses @ +6 dark but they are green and everything looks green and it blocks out the taillights of the car ahead of you -LRB- blocks all red light waves -RRB- . So not that good to use as everyday sunglasses .
 This review will take the pros and cons approach : Pros :1 . Lightweight2 . Locking serrated knife with lanyard hole -- wicked looking blade , stainless steel3 . LED flashlight emits bright light for size , removes from knife and has magnet base to attach to metal surface , with pivot to direct light .4 . Very loud whistle in base of handle -LRB- seems to be an odd thing for a knife -RRB- 5 . Clip to attach to belt or other item.Cons :1 . Size is not convenient , mainly because of flashlight attachment -- also the heaviest part , and the part that will surely break eventually .2 . Flashlight uses four button cell batteries at a time that are taped together -LRB- comes with one replacement -RRB- 3 . Flashlight turns on by unscrewing the head of it -- so not too far , or it falls apart .4 . If the flashlight stops working , you will still have the cavity for it attached to the knife.In summary , the flashlight is the weak point of this item , and may have been better as an entirely separate item within the package .
 This compact little knife , flashlight , whistle combo has a lot of appeal . For one thing , it fits well in the hand and does n't take up much space in a purse , pocket or glove compartment so carrying it , at least most of the time should n't present a problem . If you choose to use the lanyard hole and wear it around your neck , its 21/2 oz . weight would not be uncomfortable.The sharp 3 inch stainless steel blade is partially serrated . It locks easily into place when open and can be closed with the touch of a finger . I did not have a problem with the blade opening accidentally . Mine opens smoothly when I want it to but never on its own . While I would n't attempt any heavy duty tasks with it , it 's more than adequate for use as a general utility knife or even for cutting seat belts in an emergency.The removable flashlight is tiny and very bright , excellent when you want to concentrate a beam of light in a small area . There 's a little o ring holding it in the cavity so on my knife at least , the flashlight is held securely in place until you wish to remove it . Once it is detached , you 'll notice that the other end has a pivoting magnet , enabling you to attach it to a metal surface and aim the light in any direction.The whistle , alternately referred to as a signal whistle and a panic whistle , is , simply put , piercing , and would be a great way to gain attention in an emergency.When used as intended , this Tool Logic knife combo is a versatile and handy little implement , equally at home in a utility drawer , a glove compartment or a backpack .
 The construction of this knife is well made . The blade has several different edges . Standard knife edge from the middle to the tip and a serrated edge from the middle to the hilt.It comes with an emergency whistle . The frequency of the whistle is high enough to be heard , no doubt . I thought that was interesting . Never thought to have a whistle on the hilt of a knife.Now the only thing that was hit/miss for me was the flashlight . While on the knife itself , it worked perfectly . Turned the lense and the light came on . Nice little light . Pretty bright for being so small . However , when you remove the light from the hilt , and stuck it onto a metal surface , the light went out . I would have to remove it from the metal surface , turn the light off , and turn it back on again . And then stick it back on the metal surface . Sometimes it would work , sometimes , I 'd have to do it again.If this is a tactical tool , I would expect that something like the light would be a necessity if you were in a dark place and needed light . That 's just my opinion.Overall , it is a decent product . If the light worked 100 % that would be great . The batteries themselves are retty small . I suspect they are special batteries that are needed for the LED light . I wonder why they did n't consider a AAA alkaline battery .
 I 'll be honest
 Not really , but it 's hard to resist throwing in the old Crocodile Dundee quote , even though this little blade is more on a par with what the mugger wielded.This is sort of a strange little of tool , obviously intended to appear a `` survival '' knife , but unless you plan to survive on -LRB- or defend yourself from -RRB- squirrels , you may wish to consider something a little bigger.It 's too small for any meaningful self-defense , and too large to be comfortably carried in a pocket . A belt clip presumably obviates that need , but it makes a statement the nature of which leaves me uncertain . Streamlined as it may at first appear , is definitely on the bulky side.There 's a whistle built into the end , but we all know Real Men do n't need no whistles . Perhaps this diminutive device is intended for the fair sex ? Sorry , I would prefer a good can of pepper spray to this 2-3/4 '' bladeWhich is the survival-look blade , a straight edge down the first 2/3 , then a row of serrations . I do n't know of too many uses for this configuration except stabbing then sawing - presumably a throat of some kind - but once again , if it 's anything larger than a squirrel , whatever the victim - er , threat - was , and your thrust was anything less than perfect , it would probably be like using a .22 on a wild boar . Just make ` em mad.On the backside of the blade are five tiny notches , I am still not certain what these may be for . I should go over the product literature again.Speaking of the blade , it has a very nice edge , as do the serrations . I found the unlocking lever to be a bit difficult to operate , as it releases the blade by pushing it to one side - making learning one-handed operation a potentially sanguinary experience.In addition to the whistle , it 's other touted accessory is a tiny flashlight riding piggyback on the handle in a snug little socket , held fast by an O-ring at the end . A single LED using a stack of tiny button batteries - mercifully encased in what might be a piece of unshrunk heat-shrink tubing . Any fumblefingers knows how tricky these little guys can be to install - let along read the polarity - so this is somewhat a convenience.The flashlight itself is , well , marginal . A single LED is certainly on par with the little blade , so maybe this will let you look into the eyes of the -LRB- presumably -RRB- terrified squirrel just before defending yourself . -LRB- I really should stop using them as an example , where I live they get to be of a size that would probably challenge this knife 's efficacy -RRB- . A tiny magnet on a swivel socket dangles off the back of the light , enabling the user to affix it to a nearby metallic surface while the LED casts its wan beam to an effective distance of oh , about 10 inches . I just tried it inside a computer case , here it almost makes sense , at least if you are working in the same little area . And do n't jar it , it might swivel round and short out one component or another.So , not to say this is n't a nicely made little knife , just a slightly silly one . I like it , but its more likely to be found in a glove compartment than daily use
 I have n't been doing a lot of whittling of cleaning fish lately , but if I needed to do that , I 'm sure this knife would be just the thing . It is small , lightweight and sharp . The detachable flashlight is pretty cool too . I am putting together a survival kit for next summer 's camping trip , and this is going in there . It also includes a nice loud whistle , so it 's a good deal .
 I feel like I should be doing the product voiceover from The Price Is Right when talking about this knife : `` A handy utensil fit for almost any job , this Tool Logic pocket knife features a multi-function blade with both serrated and straight edges to tackle any task , a powerful mini LED flashlight with magnetic anchor and a useful -LRB- and loud -RRB- emergency whistle . All in a product that fits in the palm of your hand ! `` My biggest complaint is putting the blade back in the handle . Technically you can open and close it with one hand , but to unlock the blade when closing you need to reach across the handle . That leaves open the possibility of knicking your hand as the blade comes down . I also would have preferred a little peg or handle over the crocodile eye for opening , but it 's still easy to get the blade out with one hand.I ca n't speak for the durability of the blade or the other components because I have n't had much reason to actually use the knife since I got it . There was an extra flashlight battery in the package , which was nice . I would suggest keeping tabs on that battery because it is an unusual type.This knife will be taking up residence in my car permanently . I would certainly recommend it for that purpose in case of emergency .
 I 'm a single woman so I like to go places prepared . I throw this knife in my purse when I 'm traveling and it comes in handy . It IS cheap but that does n't bother me because I do n't use it for anything heavy duty and it holds up well for my purposes . `` cutting a tag off something , slicing some fruit , etc. -RRB- The flashlight comes in handy in a pinch and it 's nice to have an emergency whistle . Cheap so I do n't worry about losing it and yet handy and does n't weight that much so I do n't notice the difference when carrying it . I like it and works for my purposes .
 First off , there 's a lot in this little package
 This knife is n't , as others have pointed out , for those who want the finest craftsmanship , the finest materials , or the finest quality . But understanding that those qualities cost and that this knife is not intended to function in the most demanding of circumstances , I think this is a good product , one that might be ideal for a young boy or girl first learning the proper methods for using knives.I know when I was young , my grandfather gave me two knives . The first one was when I was quite young , and it eventually broke . The second one was when I was more mature , and I have that knife till this day . I think of the knife in this review as a pretty good version of the first type of knife
 I like that the blade locks into place so if I have to stab something it should n't close on my fingers . The blade is sharp and seems durable enough being made out of steel . I doubt I 'll use the lanyard hole through the blade but it 's nice that I have that option.The black , hard plastic handle should last for years . The flashlight , I think is s nice touch . You ca n't really have too many flashlights . I 'll be toting this little guy in my purse along with my other locking serrated knife which is of better quality but I think my `` then '' boyfriend paid a lot more for it . It has a very strong belt clip which should hold the knife securely to whatever its clipped too . It makes a nice , `` snap '' when you pull off the waist of your blue jeans.Overall , I think it 's a good knife for a woman , but so is a Bowie knife a good knife for a woman . I like knives , always have and this one has a whistle . Not a bad idea really because if you get lost in the woods it should be heard far away since it 's very loud . And if an attacker is coming at you and the blade is open and you 're blowing through the whistle like crazy , it might be enough to freak the attacker out and leave you alone . At any rate , the 3 '' blade could do some damage unless he 's really fat , in which case you should be able to out run him .
 I am not a knife person , but I thought this might be a nice one to have around . After all , it is more than just a knife . It is a Multifunction Survival Tool . From the packaging
 Do n't let it fool you . The Tool Logic SL1 is certainly a quality knife , but it 's much more.At just 2.7 ounces , the thing I like best about it is its light weight . The serrated blade features a razor sharp point and it can be opened and closed easily with a single hand . The entire blade is n't serrated , allowing you to use the knife for either smooth or rough cutting.The tough Zytel body of the knife should take just about any abuse you can dish out . The knife also features additional features . There 's a hands-free , removable , magnetic LED flashlight on the top of the knifecase that is waterproof . There 's a loud signal whistle build into the handle of the knife . The knife also features a lanyard holder and a hook for attaching the knife to your belt or pocket . Batteries , for the flashlight , are included.This knife is a superb survival tool that would be useful for hunting , camping , emergencies , and even law enforcement . It 's a professional grade knife with multiple functions . I prefer it to a cumbersome Swiss Army knife . This one is much lighter and easier to use and carry .
 Good features is a nice easy to use level , good tripod , precision is ok , they deliver it fast and it came well package.Features that i did n't like is the carrying case is not good , very uncomfortable . But overall is a good level no problems so far , I recomend it , you get more than what you pay .
 Ships in factory sealed box well packaged . I shopped around I think the quality of this level is perfect for a contractor or serious do-it-yourselfer such as myself . The level , tripod , and grade rod are all good quality . The instruction manual from David White could be a little more detailed . It 's a small booklet giving just the basic instructions .
 Good product designed in the states . Made in China . CAAAAAAAAAAAAAMOn , what is wrong with this picture ? American job 's , that is the problem . One other thing is the manufacturer think 's that you know what your doing with the tool . Most people just do n't . More direction IS needed !
 I had this faucet now for many years and it was up to two weeks ago a fantastic faucet . Now it started leaking and I will try to buy the exact same one . They last and last ...
 This stuff is great for getting out all kinds of clothing stains . It does n't take much of the product to spray on to the area . A little goes a long way!My only request is for the product name to be changed in Amazon . As it read s right now , it looks like one would be receiving `` 5 GALLONS '' , when it reality , it 's ONE GALLON . Extremely deceiving .
 I have used De-Solv-It for many years . This stuff is great for removing glue residue left on items after peeling the labels off . It is great for cleaning the diesel smell and mechanic stains off of hands and clothing . Just spray it on the clothes , wait 15 min . or so , and wash as usual . It takes the oil off of cars as well without hurting the finish . It takes gum out of hair but it could take spraying it a few times to completely remove the gum from long hair . I would recommend De-Solv-It over GooGone every time .
 I bought the contractor 's solvent by De-Solv-it just in case . A few days later I found several ounces of spilled Danish Oil finish that had partially dried . I assumed it hopeless , but the solvent cleaned it completely with no damage to the paint beneath it.Ant shipped it promptly . The price seemed excellent .
 My husband uses this product to clean-up greasy hands and arms after doing mechanic work . It takes it right off !
 I have been a user of this product for many years and , recently , found it to be unavailable where I have always purchased it . In the interval , before I discovered it on this site I experimented with 2 other products which I was assured were comparable . Not so ! I use it in my home workshop for every cleanup application you might name and my wife uses it in the home for laundry stain removal , adhesive and paint cleanup , etc. .
 We love this product . It works great on sticky residue and on grease stains on clothes . Nothing else does as well .
 Removes resin from saw blades , glue residue from price labels and other oil based residuals . Really impressed with how well an easy to use . Highly recommend it for home and shop use .
 I had tried other products to help get laminate glue off a cement sub-floor , I had purchased a couple of different products from Home Depot and Lowe 's , without any luck . I saw a youtube video on this stuff and decided to give it a try . So glad I did ! this stuff is amazing and worked so well ! No overpowering oders and got the glue up with no trouble at all !
 This is the only tile saw I have ever used . That being said ... I got ta say `` so far , so good '' . I thought the plastic thing would fall apart but so far : I 've laid two bathrooms in ceramic , Two full houses in slate 16 '' flooring tiles and our detached home office in natural saltillo tile . Not the top of the line but not bad for a $ 99.00 saw either ! It 's major water spray but so what . Love these rooms ! Got ta give this saw it 's due .
 We are general contractors and we do a fair amount of tile work . We own several MK tile saws . We bought this saw 7 years ago as a joke . We could not believe that a tile saw for a hundred bucks could work . Diamond blades alone hover around that price . Since then , that saw has worked on EVERY tile job we have completed since ! Every time I press the switch to start it now , I am in disbelief that it starts and We have done zero maintenance on it.The saws advantages are that it cuts from the bottom so the back of the cut is longer , it has no costly pumps to replace -LRB- the blade dips into the water -RRB- , it is very light weight easily carried w/one hand , it is completely selfcontained -LRB- just put water into it , plug it in and turn it on -RRB- , no pumps to burn out and as tile saws go , it is a clean operating saw -LRB- very little mess , especially w/small tiles -RRB- . Its disadvantages are that it cuts large tiles very slowly -LRB- I would not recomend it for large tiles -RRB- and the fence is useless -LRB- we just clamp a piece of 1x to the saw -RRB- . By the way , I am not in the habbit of writing reviews.David S.
 I have had this Plasplugs DWW406 US wet saw for years , and it has seen me through two bathrooms , a kitchen backsplash , and a 260-square-foot patio paved with 18 '' x 1/2 '' travertine tiles . It 's still working , and still on the original blade.I did n't expect it to make it through the patio , but it did . Of course , as a small and inexpensive saw with a small blade and only 1/2 HP , it was VERY slow on those big tiles . But I did n't push it , and I got straight cuts by drawing a line to follow and eyeballing the cut . -LRB- The fence is pretty useless , and impossible to use for tiles larger than about 6 inches . -RRB- There is a review that says blades are impossible to find . That 's not quite true -- this is a UK machine , and the blades measure 4.33 inches , with a funky arbor size , all metric I guess . However , it is possible to get them from the Plasplugs website
 It looks cheap , feels cheap , messey , cheap cost with great results . My first electric tile cutter , still going strong after several years of cutting , same blade . Of course it cuts slower than a large saw , it is real slow on thick marble . It 's all plastic , small motor , treat it as such , keep it clean-especially the table top . I 've used this to complete several projects/rooms . I do not use this as my main tile cutter , I use a regular scratch and break type for straight cuts , their quicker and less messy than a wet saw . When I have to cut out sections , small or thin pieces I use a wet saw , this wet saw . A Home Depo saleman recommended it to me , if it did ' t work , bring it back , I kept it . I 've read another review , the company is out of business and replacement blades are not available ???? I have n't tried to find one yet . If it 's true ???? It still was money well spent , especially vs a rental ... When this one burns out , I 'd buy another one , if not this one , one like it .
 The Plasplugs company has apparently gone out of business in the US but are still up and running in the UK . I was missing a part and when I called the number on the box I got a sex line instead . I did find the company online and emailed them . Unfortunately , they were unable to get me the part I needed . Even with that in mind , the product seemed solid and I regretted not being able to use it . I did get a full refund from the seller .
 I had a small tiling job in the kitchen around my wife 's new ceramic top stove . -LRB- do n't get a ceramic stove unless you like cleaning stoves ... but that 's another story -RRB- We were going to hire someone to do the job but then I thought `` I can do this '' . Went to Menards , bought this saw for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , watched some videos on utube about cutting tile and started cutting . It not only did the job but it was kind of fun . Put down some plastic if you use it in the house . water on floor . The only gripe I had was the way the fence works . The way the saw is designed , the largest piece of tile you can cut in half , with the fence , is 10 '' . That 's because they designed the saw with rounded corners . If they had squared the corners , it would add 2 '' , and you could cut a 12 '' tile in half . Why did they round the corners ? But , if your creative , you can clamp a piece of wood on the saw or on your table and problem solved . But the design seems kind of dumb . Other than that , the saw worked great for my little job . I 'm very happy I bought it .
 Love this saw , ideal for the bathroom remodel that I 'm doing . It easy to use and does a great cut . I 've made good use of the bevel feature that I did n't have on my last one . Would recommend this to any DIYer cutting regular floor and wall tiles . The price just ca n't be beat either !
 I 've had this saw for seven years and have used it to cut rooms full of tile . It works great for most floor , wall and counter projects . I bought it for a bathroom remodel hoping it would last through the project . Now , after all these years , it keeps working . I did purchase a wet saw with a larger , overhead blade for very exact straight cuts -LRB- I 'm cutting squares for chess boards -RRB- but I 'm keeping this little saw for shaping odd cuts without a fence . The bed-based blade works exceptionally well for such cuts . I 'm buying a new blade and expect years of continued performance .
 For 100 bucks , you ca n't go wrong . Has made its round amongst my friends and still on its original blade .
 Reliable , easy to use , easy to clean up after use .
 Have not used this tile cutter yet , this new one is to replace my old one that I 've had for 6 yrs which has served me well and is still running . The old guide bar got broken . So thought it time to have another machine.I have tiled many kitchens and bathrooms with this old one and will continue to use it as a backup . Tools are as good as you are , if you do not abuse them they will last you for a long time .
 cant beleive i didnt get one sooner . my work is more professional now . good quality tool . makes crimps a breeze
 Exactly as described and more than big enough to cover my wood pile . I had to fold the extra under so the wind wouldnt take it .
 The tarp is made well and covers a 2 ' x 16 ' wood pile . The gromets are every 3 ' and facilitate tieing the tarp down . The green and brown color is far better then the previous blue .
 Nice to cover unseasoned wood piles and allow them to breath , without having to fold tarp over . Tarp was missing grommets on end of one corner , but did n't need all 18ft . of length , so got by okay.After one year the tarp starts leaking , but for the price , one year of service while my firewood seasons is still not a bad investment . Just wish a more weather resistant tarp is available that would last for years instead of one season ! It would be worth investing more for the quality !
 ... Until the head band broke . I called the 800 number and I ca n't remember if they sent a label or not but I sent them back and less than a week later I got a pair of the MSA EXC 's at no charge . The rep I spoke to said it was a quality control problem that they are aware of . The EXC 's are more comfortable and so far after 8 months they are holding up just fine . The foldable ear muffs are available with Prime the EXC ' x are not : - -RRB-
 This undermount sink has graced my remodeled kitchen for 10 months . It receives light , everyday use so far -LRB- I 'm still doing more remodeling and organizing than major food prep but it 's evident this sink will be able to handle lots of activity -RRB- . On the plus side , you know with Franke 's stainless sinks that the build quality is superb
 We installed this sink during a kitchen remodel over 6 years ago . The stainless steel is a smooth and very attractive material . Not grainy looking as are so many -LRB- often made in China -RRB- but soft and bright . Just like the picture . It 's a heavy gauge and has a solid look to it . It always looks good and cleans up almost like it was new -LRB- no special cleanser -RRB- . My only disappointment is that the legs of the grid inserts have rubbed smooth areas into the sink . The new grids may have changed but this was my experience . Nonetheless , I 'm about to move into a new home and this is the sink I 'll be installing one more time .
 This product was much cheaper than the Dewalt version we had in the past . There were some minor problems with this unit , but nothing really major . The one bushing kept falling out of the kit , but a little super glue fixed it right up.The only major concern I have is the description did not list the size of the bushing for the router . We had to buy a new router in order to use this unit . We planned on this anyways , since we were putting a `` kit '' together . The problem came in finding a router with an opening in the plate the same size as the bushing . After finding a small router with the right size hole opening , it worked great.Even with buying a new router , it was cheaper than most of the kits out there . Great construction , and metal carrying case . Plan on buying a second one later .
 The active volume protection was great at an indoor range . With the volume about 50-60 % , I was able to have a comfortable conversation with my father while on the range . Rifle reports were louder when I was observing the range without any hearing protection.My only complaint is the awkward fold-up storage . It took me a few tries to get it right , probably something that would be overcome after a sessions and I learn the trick . I would recommend this product to all of my friends .
 I hook up my iPhone and listen to music while I am shooting at the range . I also know when people are calling me as well .
 I bought these after getting several strong recommendations from peers at work . They fit under my tactical helmet with ease and are easy to use . Replacing the batteries could be easier , but hopefully they last if they do n't I will just pretend I can hear you . They allow for easy communication with squad members and good ear protection .
 For the money , this is a good purchase . A considerable upgrade form the many $ 20-25 hearing protectors available . I have only used them for indoor range use , but they were effective and comfortable .
 I originally purchased the Howard Leight Impact Sport electronic earmuffs . I really wanted to like them because the design is so much nicer . However , they did not seal properly around the ear . I purchased these instead . The seal is perfect.pros :1 . Sound works perfectly .2 . Individual volume controls for each ear .3 . Stereo sound .4 . Comfortable .5 . No problems with wind noise in 10 + mph wind.cons :1 . feels cheap .2 . foam on microphones can get in the way of headband / other objects .3 . Takes 4 AAA batteries -LRB- 2 on each side -RRB- .4 . Battery replacement is a hassle.Overall , without spending 100 's of dollars , this is probably the best pair of electronic earmuffs I could find . I did n't have to take them off once to hear other people talking which was nice .
 This is my second pair of these muffs . I have pretty sensitive hearing , so I usually put in some plugs and these on top . Generally , that leaves you completely deaf . With amplifying muffs , you can still talk to your partner and still have great hearing protection.Hearing is something that is gone once it is gone - protect it . There really are n't any other options that will allow you to still hear , but protect your ears when you need it . Peltor makes some higher end models with higher reduction , but they are more expensive . Foam plugs and this leaves you plenty able to hear conversation and still shoot for hours.Just to make sure , you do not need other hearing protection , these are plenty adequate for most shooting certainly if it is short duration . But if you are going to be shooting muzzle braked .308 's -LRB- or similar very loud to the shooter guns -RRB- for a while they are not quite enough . For that you need more than the 19-20 that these offer.Price point and quality make these the best overall value . My first pair is over 10 years old and STILL working !
 it is good for me to use in range , thought install battery took some time.it is easy to carry , and it is light enough .
 I 've got to start out with ; If you could n't get the battery compartment open , you need to grow some muscles , -LRB- not that it takes any to open it . -RRB- The pair I received felt very sturdy , and I was at no time scared of breaking anything while opening it . Fits comfortably on my head and the noise reduction is great . I shot an entire IDPA-style Carbine match with them without any complaints . They work exactly like they should , and better than I expected for the price . 5 stars .
 Affordable product . Delivered very quickly -LRB- three days -RRB- to Stockholm , Sweden - the price is about 2 / 3 of what the customer has to pay in Stockholm . The product also works very well when hunting for polar bears .
 I am pleased with this product . Currently deployed in Afghanistan and it performs admirably . I have no issues with this product .
 These things worked well , they even worked against the blasting noise of a chinook helicopter on a tactical mission . They cancel any and every decibel splitting noise -LRB- handgun , sniper , AR -RRB- . The problems I have are that sometimes depending , they accidentally turn on and it is hard to put in or replace the batteries . They fit well with Army ACH and most ballistics helmets .
 Thank you for the nice ear protectors!I have already put them to the test and they work great since my ears have become more sensitive over time and a product like this is like heaven sent.I did not mind the battery installation being a little difficult since maintenance of your equipment requires you to know how.It did come apart easy enough once you know where to install the thin flat screwdriver to separate the ring from the cup.I like it 's ability to compact to take little room in a range bag by folding up like a ball .
 Does exactly what is says it does , the stereo effect is phenomenal , I teach basic handgun shooting , and it is great to hear from which direction people are calling , do n't have to look up and down the range to see which person needs some attention as was the case with my previous set .
 I took some training with Tactical Response last year and an instructor let me run a drill with his Peltors . I never would have imagined being able to clearly hear a conversation behind me while running a drill at the same time . It 's also very nice not having to yell over your own hearing protection when trying to communicate during live fire . These are great for things other than shooting as well . I use them when cutting wood and have taken them on trips to wear on the plane . They drown out children and engine noise quite well . They are well built , durable , and multi-fuctional . For the price they are a must have in my opinion .
 I have just recently purchased the Peltor 97044 Tactical 6S muffs . The battery replacement method is kind of hard to do , but is possible . I did n't feel that I was going to break them like some other reviews mentioned . Good product for the cash .
 Works as advertised ! Good low noise reception and excellent response time for shutting out shot noise . Good price for this level of performance .
 Wife loves these Peltors , she said it 's well worth the money . Only problem she had was installing the batteries . Took some time to figure out the instructions . Money well spent
 Excellent service . I have n't had a chance to try them while shooting/hunting yet . They have performed great so far just wearing them around the house . They surpress the least little loud/sharp noise . I do wish the volume would go a little higher/louder though . I believe they will work great for hunting/shooting .
 I have n't been able to go shooting for a while but I put batteries in and tested them and they work like they should . You can hear background noises and when a sound loud enough triggers the sensor you ca n't really hear anything .
 Works just like it states , can shoot all day at the range , and still carry on a conversation when needed .
 Fantastic works great looks great doesent interfere with the gun , Dull 's the noise perfect while you can hear a mouse rummage about the grass ! Recommend
 Our firearms instructors have the Pro 's and 7S 's issued to them but I did n't want to spend a ton of cash for quarterly qualifications and usually use my standard hearing protection when I 'm practicing on my own time . A couple of our instructors were using the 6S due to its small form factor and said they really like them , but did mention that replacing the batteries in the 6S was a little more time consuming than the other models listed above.I read every review on Amazon and several people said the battery compartment design was horrible and very hard to open which caused me to delay my purchase for ALONG time but I finally said the heck with it and ordered them since I had some credit I needed to burn up . When they arrived I was surprised by how compact they were and how nicely they fold up to throw in my tricky bag -LRB- which is a plus -RRB- . I read the instructions on the battery installation and I think they made it sound more confusing that it actually was . All you do is grasp the shell , reach inside of the ear piece and snap it off , the re-installation of the ear piece is just the opposite . The removal and re-installation of the ear piece is almost identical to opening up a tupperware bowl , snap off , snap on and rotate until closed ... the battery installation on both sides took about 20 seconds and was not difficult at all . The reviews made it seem like it was a total PITA but that is definately not the case . For $ 40 + dollars , these performed far beyond my expectation at the range . I just finished my most recent qualification with my .40 , 870 , and M-4 on semi and full-auto ... they work like a champ !! If I can toss rounds down range on full auto and have these work this well the purchase is a no brainer !
 I used this in Iraq with my kevlar helmet and its perfect . Its practical and folds up nicely . Just remember to buy AAA batteries for it . It takes two per side .
 Some people are having trouble with changing the battery . Just changing the battery in mine after non-use for a couple of years . Once you know how it is simple . Stick your forefinger under the ledge between the foam and the rubber ear muff at one end or the other . Pull upward gently until it gives . If you have trouble on one end , try the other end . Mine came loose easily and , voila , there were the batteries . Of course , you have to do both sides . They seem to do the job for me while shooting a Taurus 92 and a Ruger Ranch Rifle .
 While it 's true that I had to return the first pair due to a faulty circuit in one ear cup -LRB- turned on and heard crackling , then nothing at all -RRB- , the return process was simple , and the second pair worked perfectly from the start . Today I used them on the range , and the ability to hear my friend/brother without them having to yell was awesome . They fit great , had a lot of adjustment , and felt good for the hour I was there . No problems used over my safety glasses.I gave it 4 out of 5 , since it seems , like other people reviewing , that there is some quality control issues they need to work out . Also , the battery change is very difficult , for something that is n't going to be used on a regular basis for me . Seemed to be easier to get apart today , so either I 'm getting used to how to do it , or the plastic is breaking in enough to where it is n't impossible to open up anymore . I also think that the battery change may cause the electronics to stop working in the future . They also do n't recommend storing them with batteries inserted either . I 'll see how it goes , and will update this review if I find that changing the battery did cause the unit to fail -LRB- again -RRB- . Since I did n't really know what NRR I would prefer on the range , I gave these a go . The packaging says they have an NRR of 20 , and it probably achieves that . My preference is to have a bit more protection/noise deadening , so I 'll probably use ear plugs under these , just to make sure I am safe . That 's just me , I wo n't ding Peltor for not giving what was n't promised .
 I was very timid about using it for the first time not wanting to blow my eardrugms out but the headset works remarkably well . Time to get another pair so I can shoot with another family member.Yes it is challenging to put in the batteries but really not that difficult . I wish they had a small LED to indicate the power was on and probably softer ear seals -LRB- like my Peltor aviation headset -RRB- .
 I bought these for a shooting school I attended , and they worked great . The inner part of the earpiece is a little on the flimsy side , so be careful when you 're popping them out to swap the batteries . Other than that - they performed fantastically .
 This is quite different than I expected . In none of the reviews I read did anyone mention being able to hear the brass drop -LRB- probably could hear a pin drop -RRB- . Many things can not be heard when you put on hearing protection and I did n't know what I was missing . I bought the Tac 6 because they were cheaper and I had no idea if I would like them or not . Knowing how much I like them , I would probably have bought the Tac 7 -LRB- I am the type to buy the best when it is going to be used long term - 5 + year -RRB- . These can also be used with any loud outdoor noise when protection is needed .
 These are great , I got these recently and a recent trip to the outdoor shooting range they performed really well . They are not total protection but they do help . The amplification on the volume of each cup is great , I can not just hear , but hear things in a greater amount , people talking , the shells landing and such . The cut off is really sensitive so it works well , they instantly quiet when I shoot or even just close my car door . If I wanted more protection I could always add foam ear inserts plus these , but would defeat the purpose of the volume . For my handguns its fine , anything louder I would put my hearing first and add foam ear inserts plus these .
 I have purchased a pair for me and used them a number of times . After bragging to my wife about how good they worked she had to try them now we own two pair . We really enjoy using this product they work very well . I also purchased a pair for my brother-in-law he tried mine and liked them so he got a pair for X-mas . The best thing about them you do n't have to take them off to talk to somebody and you can actually hear better with them on then off . If you purchase these I have no doubt you will be satisfied .
 I had the $ 80.00 headset from Bass Pro , it hurt to wear after a round of sporting clays.This one is much more comfortable and does not get in the way of the gun .
 I purchased this as a Christmas present for my father who is an avid hunter . We took a hunting trip the following weekend and everyone there was very impressed with its performance in both deer stands and shooting ranges . Installing/changing the batteries is a bit of a pain with clarification needed on the directions , but that is our only complaint . I am getting a second pair for his birthday in March . Solid purchase !
 I 've been using them for IPSC . They are comfortable to wear and easy to store . The only problem is the background sound that they pick up , but you get used to it . I 've been using them for about 4 hours at a time . They are confortable even after hours of continuous use . Great product for IPSC/Shooting .
 Product was received timely and in good shape . I 've been using them for pheasant hunting as I need to protect my remaining hearing . They are comfortable to wear hunting and the low profile does n't interfere with shooting . Battery life has been good thus far and I 'm on the original set of batteries after about a week of hunting . The only down side is the background sound that they pick up & you have to get used to . I knew from other reviews I should anticipate this & it 's of minor concern for me as I 've gotten used to it . For the price they are just what I needed .
 I got these for my wife as she had expressed interest in them for a while . She was extremely happy to get them , just what she wanted.Why only 4 stars?They are battery operated and the installation of the batteries is really quite difficult . Instead of a simple access panel on the outside , the user has to pull apart both ear cups , and that requires quite some effort.That said , my wife is still very happy with this product.Note for 3M ; please consider a redesign for the battery installation .
 I am an Army MP officer stationed in Iraq . In the 3 weeks since I got these muffs I have used them on a couple of small arms ranges , in a CQB live fire exercise , and on several tactical ground and air movements . So far , they have performed as advertised . Very comfortable , fit great under the helmet , the mics work beautifully . Light weight , easy to store and carry -LRB- I usually loop them thru the strap on the non-firing shoulder of my IBA -RRB- , and appear to be holding up nicely . Sturdy , user-friendly design , good protection , overall excellent value for the price . I am happy with them .
 I bought two of the Peltor 97044 Tactical 6-S hearing protectors for myself and a friend and fellow officer . They exceeded both of our expectations and performed as well as or better than some more expensive muffs tried in the past . Thankyou for a fine product .
 The `` Peltor Tactical 6-s is everything I hoped for.They allow me to shoot at the range with no damaging noise , and still hear the range officer , or conversations near me.Also I found that when using a noisy folding machine at work the sound is muted and barely audible . But I can still hear the telephone or someone speaking.I love 'em
 Okay , the battery experience is less than ideal , but it 's not as bad as people seem to think . You should not pry out the foam padding from the ear muff . The black padded ring around the ear snaps off . Then you can easily remove the foam padding and insert the batteries .
 Length :
 I have the behind-the-head version of the Peltor Tactical 6-S because having the band behind your head works much better with a wide brimmed hat . Anyway , for the most part I really like these hearing protectors . They cut way down on range noise while allowing normal communication - just as promised . Comfort is also just as good as any of the other over the ear protectors that I 've tried . If everything else about the product was as well thought out I 'd have easily rated it 5 stars and called it a must have for the dedicated shooter.What I do n't like is the effort required to change batteries . You must first remove the delicate foam pads without tearing them , then swap the batteries and then reinstall the way too delicate foam pads - hopefully without tearing them . This is not a 60-second battery swap . There is no excuse for a design this poor . Battery doors are not a new idea.My second criticism is more of a quibble and did not effect my rating . I 'd prefer one on/off/volume knob to the two on the 6-S . Just my personal preference .
 The on/off-volume nobs rub against the frame so when putting them away alot of times they will turn back on then next time you go to use them dead batteries , in one ear.Changing the batteries/putting the battering in is awful . You have to tear the black part off it feels like you are going to rip them or break them which I am sure a few people have by grabbing the wrong part.Instructions suck ^ ^ ^ relating to putting in the batteries , how about a decent picture or two.Skullclamp , if you wear them for longer then about 4 hours your skin will begin to grow around them as if they are an extension of you skull they are so tight . ====================== Very good noise reduction , I use with guns and power tools . Its scary when you turn on a saw and all you hear is nothing but you feel the cool breeze coming off the blade .
 Work very well . Would give 5 of 5 if not for the uncomfortable head band . I would recommend for the price .
 For the money this thing works really well . I 've used better but the others were high dollar . They are awesome for beginning shooters with a limited budget . 4 stars only because lower quality because of price .
 Good hearing protector and very good for hunting . Easy to use and long standby time on battery . Best price from this seller and fast shipping . Even good for outdoor IPSC shooting.For indoor shooting you need hearing protectors with more Nrr .
 They have worked just like I thought they would . I would recommend these muffs to anyone . They are well built and fit my head perfectly .
 Great muffs ! They only amplify a little but the cutoff seems instant .8 more words required8 more words required8 more words required
 Very good headsets . Volume adjusted accordingly and work very well in a closed environment , only drawback was replacing the batteries.Getting to the batteries is a challenge.I would recommend for purchase .
 The Hearing Protector is more that adequate for me in all areas and priced reasonably . I would recommend them to anyone that shoots a lot .
 I 've been using these for years during IDPA matches . Protects my hearing while allowing me to hear range commands . The batteries last a long time -LRB- provided you turn off the muffs when not using them -RRB- , but they are a pain to change . Use a small scredriver to help remove the ear pads and you 'll be fine .
 What can I say , they work , they are comfortable and I would buy them again when I am in the market
 it was really excellent !! i love it . this is what im looking for . now i can enjoy it ! thank you .
 Little difficult getting the batteries in . Once you 've done it , should be no problem later . Operation works wonderfully . Keeps the noise down at the range and conversation is easily understood .
 I 've had these about a year now and they 've worked great . I like to shoot and hunt a lot so good hearing protection was important to me . Its nice to be protected but still be able to hear instructions while at the range and hear my surroundings when I 'm out hunting . I keep them in the original packaging to keep them from turning on by in my range bag . The directions on how to change the batteries are clear and they 're not that hard to change out .
 These headphones were the answer i was looking for when target shooting . They performed flawlessly and the best part is that they actually amplify voices so you do not have to remove them to hear
 I 've had my 6S pair for over 4 years now and they are great . I really hate to shoot with passive protection ... just a personal choice because they leave me feeling a little bit unbalanced and unfocused . With these , you can clearly hear the person beside you speaking while others at the range are firing away . This set is really nice without breaking the bank.I only have one complaint . I agree with many that say that battery replacement is a pain in the rear . I just did it . The instructions tell you to just pull the black padded rim out and then the foam just comes off . The foam part is snaps very securely into place and I found it difficult to remove it . What I did previously was to use a large flat head screw driver and slide it in between the grey foam and black padding - be careful not to rip the grey foam . Then twist your screwdriver and the black part falls off . Much easier . On the other hand , an outer battery cover would have been easier too .
 I was in the market for some decently priced ear protection , and stumbled onto these . Great quality for what you 're paying . They do use a total of four -LRB- 4 -RRB- AAA batteries , but they work very well at reducing decibels while turning up the volume for softer sounds like voices . Was able to have a conversation with my old lady at the range while rounds were going off ; I almost wish they didnt work so well ...
 I purchased the Peltor 6s as a spare set in my range bag for other family members . I use the foldableHoward Leight R-01526 Impact Sport Electronic Earmuffsin my kit , which are the basis for my comparison . My favourites are theHoward Leight by Honeywell R-01902 Impact Pro Electronic Shooting Earmuffswhich , while not as compact , are one of the best values around for not much more moneyThe good : These are reasonably priced hearing protectors that perform well , good value for the money.Clear stereo audio with active hearing protector -LRB- 20db noise reduction -RRB- that does a good job of amplifying sounds between rounds.Easy to store , folding design and easy to maintain - quick clean up with smooth plastic surfaces.Individual control for each ear with separate microphone and volume control.Runs on standard AAA batteries.The soft plastic ear pads ensure good closure around the ears , but are made of inexpensive plastic . I do n't know how well these will do with long term use.The bad : The foam mic covers are thin and it 's not clear how long they will last.The dual volume knobs can also be a pain , you have two different volume knobs to useTo remove the cups to change batteries leaves something to be desired.Peltor recommends removing the batteries for long term use.The ugly : The one major fault with these protectors are the top head strap . Made of inexpensive plastic , it can be uncomfortable if it touches bare skin . It feels cheap to the touch , but works well when worn . On the plus side , the strap cleans up easily.The ear pads are also made of inexpensive plastic and I do n't know how well these will do with long term use . Like the strap , the ear cups clean up easily.Overall , for a pair of portable , foldable ears , the Peltors are good choices for range and outdoor use that are easy to use and very reasonably priced .
 One of the best active noise reduction headsets I have used . I use for target and competition shooting and the noise reduction is great . Also allows you to hear others perfectly when not shooting . Battery life seems to be very good so far for me as well .
 I have ringing in my ear , and it 's not getting better . So I needed something for the range that would allow me to shoot and listen to any instruction given ... these do just that . Even though , these are my first muffs , they work as advertised . They do n't take up any room in my range bag and I can use them for just about anything around house that requires hearing protection . These might not be the last last pair I buy ... I have girls that want to shoot at the range , and I worry about their hearing .
 these are pretty good but after wearing for an extended amount of time they do give me a headache because they squeeze my head ... i 'd prefer a single on/off switch like howard light ear-pro ...
 I was scared to buy into product because I had not had a chance to ` listen ' and/or try them on for size . When I got them ... fell in love with them . Great product for the price ! Changing battery was a bit scary but YouTube helped -LRB- NOT MY VID BUT IT HELPED -RRB-
 Wish I had these sooner . Lets me hear my shooting buddies while still protecting my hearing . There is some background static/noise when turned up very far , but it 's no big deal . I do n't know why there are seperate on/off/volume knobs for each earpiece.Unit also folds up very well , so it takes up minimal space in a range bag .
 Good product !!! It is what I needed!It is very good for shooter !!
 These are good if you need them for short term usage . But they simply do n't provide enough protection.I have a pair and I do n't use them . I prefer cheap muffs + earplugs .
 I love these head phones . They work great at the range , especially when everyone is shooting high power hunting rifles.thank you
 I have had mine for over a year and find them to work very well for small arms and most rifles . I bought them after trying them at a training class . For higher powered -LRB- louder report -RRB- rifles I sometimes add ear plugs underneath them which , if the volume is turned up all the way , still allows me to hear people on the range but gives excellent hearing protection . I recently bought them for my father in law for Christmas and now have 2 other family members who want them . They can be hot and uncomfortable in very warm weather when worn for an extended period of time , but that is not unique to this product as it is true for any hearing protection muff I have tried . They adjust and store easily and their fold down design protects the muffs while taking up little room in a range bag.The only thing I do not like about them is changing the batteries . It is somewhat of a pain to remove and replace the foam rings to access the battery compartments . Luckily battery life , especially with lithium batteries designed for electronics , is quite good as long you remember to turn them off when putting them away -LRB- DOH -RRB- .
 I am so pleased with this product . I wish I had purchased a pair sooner . I am not big on buying gear unless it makes a difference and had settled for foam earplugs until recently . I have been nothing but impressed with these hearing protectors . Some reviewers talk about a `` fuzz '' or white noise in the background . This is hardly noticeable . It has a similar sound to a guitar amp with no guitar plugged in . I was also impressed by the clearance between the muffs and stock . I had no contact - something not always true with thicker muffs.Quit fiddling with cheap foam plugs and buy the 6S !
 these muffs fit 100 % under ACH - mine is large sizs and it works fine with both types of chin straps . i was unsure of geting this because i was unsure it it would fit so i rolled the dice and won . it fits and works great . dont wory about the batt . replace ment its not hard pop off cup and replade and put back its not hard so many say it is but ? i think they r just scaird to break them . it does take some med force but u will be fine thay are quite strong and were mabe to pop off and back on this wayit takes 2 batt in ea side so if 1 side goes dead no prob . th other side works still . and if u r hard hearing in one ear as i am its even better set off muffs y ? because u can have 1 side turn way up and the other at med vol . or the same if u at norm . hearing lv . pros L and R side batt and vol are independent of eachother2 AAA batt . ea side = smallFITS under ACH and chin strap - go MIL.stops noise fast and pickes back up goodcost is good4 .5 star - imp.con if your hearing is the same in both ears you may not like to ajustboth sides each timeyou may feel as u r breaking the muffs when u r replacing the batt . or mayhave to take them off again to aline the ear foam . np you will figher itout its easy not hardyou get what u pay for , so if u want some thing that flys u to the moon trya rocket - thease are good but no matter what some one always has one betterfor a doller more
 These earmuffs are amazing . The price is the best on the internet.Do not listen to the other reviewers who claim that it is impossible to install the batteries.Any competent person who reads the directions can do it in 1 minute.As for the complaints regarding the on/off knob , when you take them off and are about to place them in your range bag make sure they are switched to off.These earmuffs work how they are supposed to , they are low profile and look nice and at this price are extremely affordable .
 This is a great product . I have used standard Peltor Hearing Protection for years . When I noticed the price on active hearing protection prices were coming down , I decided to get a pair . At $ 69.95 this was a great value.Range testing proved that it was the best $ 69.00 I ever spent . You can actually hear better with these on ! It keeps harmful noise out but allows conversation through . It blocked sounds from a 12 Gauge shotgun and from my 2-stroke weed wacker.Great product at a great price .
 I use it for IPSC . Excellent , you can talk without being disturbed by people shooting near you . They are also very light.Highly recommended .
 I took this headset to a handgun class on 3/27/2010 and a Rifle class on 3/28/2010 .3 / 27 was cold but sunny and the headset ran fine all day .3 / 28 was over cast all day and rained the whole 8 hours of the class.The Peltor 6S held up very well in the rain and cold both days with zero issues.While I normally use earplugs and a heaset , a head cold was preventing me from hearingnormal voice levels with plugs and the headset.I switched to just the headset and could hear normal voice levels just fine while stillmaintaining hearing protection with the 6S noise reduction .
 I have had these Peltor Tactical 6-S for about 4-5 years now -LRB- although I took a hiatus from shooting for the last 3 years -RRB- and they are great . Very comfortable , effective directional mike , compact when folded , low-profile so they can be used with rifles and shotguns -LRB- and therefore do n't bump into the stock when/if your cheek is up against it -RRB- , and battery life is decent - but that of-course depends on how much it 's used . Over all you ca n't go wrong with this set of ear protection .
 I am a avid shotgun shooter and shoot about 300 rounds of shotgun shells a week . I am getting a bit of tinnitus and I wanted to improve my ear protection , so I purchased a set of these Hearing protectors . I always wear foam plugs that are rated around 30 and I am thinking that this is not enough for the amount that I shoot . I also did not want to reduce my ability to hear surrounding noises any more than I already had . Using these muffs and the earplugs together seems to solve the problem . I get another 20db reduction in the high noise over 82DB and I can turn up the amplification volume and reduce the reduction during low noise situations . I usually shoot with a group of 6-8 people and each is shooting 100 rounds . After a day of shooting , I now feel much better and can hear better too , apparently I was getting too much total daily exposure . Sound travels through the bones around your ears also , the audiologist told me .
 I 've used the 6s for over 5 years now , professionally and during competitions . I typically wear them for 6-9 hours straight , and my only gripe is they make my ears a little sore after so many hours.Responding to the above :1 - Grab the muff and pull off the padding to access the batteries . I 've literally done this a hundred + times and it does n't damage them . Fingers are the only tools necessary .2 - Apparently this guy has enough money to spend on batteries or he does n't shoot enough to know to use RECHARGEABLES . Maybe he only uses them 20 minutes every year when he takes a couple bench-rest shots so he 's pissed he forgets his batteries . The switch works just fine and is n't easily rotated on .3 - What a fundamental misunderstanding of electronic ear-pro . They offer protection WITHOUT BATTERIES . The electronics amplify ambient noises , it has nothing to do with noise reduction . They are just as effective reducing noise without batteries .4 - This guy has no idea what he 's talking about.That all said , Peltor makes commercial aviation hearing protection and communication headsets and they are an international leader in ear pro.If you like to hit the range and want some headphones so you can have normal conversation and hear everything but gunshots , buy these . They are a great price , a quality product , and unless you shoot more than 10,000 rounds/yr , they are great . If you want the best , buy pro-ears .
 The day after I received my pair , I went shooting with my 76 year old mother and 74 year old dad I had bought 2 extra pair when i got mine . We all had a great time being able to hear each other talk while we shot and while other people were shooting . My Mom has hearing aids and she did not have to use them while wearing these headphones , They are well worth the price if you want to hear while wearing hearing protectnI recomend these !!!
 I do n't know why all you people are complaining about replacing the batteries . It literally took 2 minutes to pop in the two AAA batteries to each side . Apparently you all want a rub and a tug with your $ 55 purchase . Buy these . They 're terrific and work every bit as good as the range master 's , who paid 3 bills for a higher-end of the same manufacturer .
 Just received the unit and stepped out the door to visit the range . The headset is quite comfortable . I have found many other brands to be uncomfortable . Someone was shooting a 50bmg and my ears were protected . I wear hearing aids under the ear muffs and the protection was still excellent . The muff does push up somewhat when using a rifle , but not enough to move away from the ear . The attenuation is perfect , hardly noticing the drop in volume .
 Great product ! Reliable and functional . Battery placement could be a little more user-friendly , but overall a great value for this type of hearing protection .
 Okay I bought this because I wanted to try out active ear protection . I bought these primarly for shooting at the range.Pros
 Good product at a very good price . Shipping was fast . Very satisfied . With the instant rebate this was a deal that was hard to pass up . Would recommend .
 I ca n't understand why some people are complaining about these . If you read the instructions and follow them , which is really two steps , the inside muffs pop right off . Just put your thumb on the point where the head band attaches to the outside part of the ear cover . Then take two fingers and slide them under the ear muff , including the plastic strip under the cushion , and pull straight up . They pop right off . Do n't be afraid to break them . They 're built very strong . After that , just pop in the batteries and snap the muff right back on . As far as function , these are great . In the past , I 've been using regular Peltor ear protection , which worked fine , but found myself yelling at my friend because I could n't hear myself speak , and I thought he could n't hear me since I had trouble hearing him . What I did n't realize is he already has these Peltor ears , and he hears me loud and clear . Now I understand . Now that I 'm using the Tactical 6S , when he talks at a normal voice level to me , I understand him clearly . Yet when gun fire goes off , it 's no louder than the sound of a normal voice level . What a benefit these are at the range . I highly recommend them .
 this is a good quality hearing protector , fold small , fit well , deliver noise suppression in a nano second.they are not the best out there but are an exceptional value not costing $ 150.00 or more.i wear them at the range with soft protection inside my ears.the amplification lets me hear important conversion , and spoken range commands
 We would definitely recommend the Peltor Tactical Hearing Protectors . The product is comfortable and effective -- it cuts out sharp noises and muffles sound as it is supposed to .
 Very comfortable and light . Noise reduction is great and sound amplification is good when training large groups and instructors must be heard . Excellent value .
 I have n't taken these to the range yet but before buying them , I read all of the reviews and was curious about why so many of the people who posted reviews are having a problem loading the batteries . That did n't stop me from buying because I know people who own these and they like them . Besides , they are probably the most popular hearing protecting muffs among police and military and there are n't too many factors to consider in determining why.So the first thing I did when I got them today was to check them out for that . I EASILY popped both sides open and snapped them shut in much less than a minute total . It is not physically demanding nor mentally challenging by any stretch . ANYONE can open these easily . Whatever the problem some of you might be having , I do n't get it.I may update this review once I 've taken them out to the range but I do n't expect that there will be anything to report . There is a reason why they are the most popular and I do n't expect them to perform like the expensive models anyway . I expect them to perform to spec and have no doubt that they will . 20db is more than adequate for my purposes . I rated them four stars for now but expect to go to five if my expectations are met.If you are thinking about buying these for the range , go ahead . This is a simple product and very reasonably priced . If you find yourself having the kind of problems installing the batteries as so many here have reported , something is wrong with you .
 I have had these jus over a month now and love em . They fit me better than the Howard Leight R-01526 Impact Sport Electronic Earmuff . The howard loose there seal when I turn my head and these do n't . The best thing is that they fit my 3 year old as well , so I bought two more sets for the kids .
 I bought these on a recomendation from a friend and I am sure glad I listened . These babies are perfect at taking the pop out of gunshots , but still allow you to hear someone talking normally without the constant yelling . They are low profile and fit well under Kevlar without an issue , you could n't ask for a better set of ears .
 These are more comfortable than the other `` value '' priced electronic options and work very well . The only complaints I have are installing and changing the batteries is a pain and there is no clear indicator if they are on or off . Other than that these are well worth the price and provide adequate hearing protection for shooting sports .
 I have been using this model for the last eight years and have found they are the best tactical ear pro set out there . Do keep in mind that these were designed for tactical use and not static range shooting . The noise reduction is good but not as good as a larger model built with complete noise reduction in mind . I initially used these while in the military as part of a special operations unit and have put thousands of rounds down range in them and never had an issue with the noise amplification or cancellation feature.Changing the batteries takes just a minute or two and is far easier to do than some other reveiwers would have you believe . I would recommend you remove the batteries between uses though if you go a couple of weeks between range trips just to prevent corrosion , and if you sweat while shooting , to air them out and prevent the build up of condensation inside the electronics compartment.Since retirment from the military I still shoot regularly and continue to wear my Peltors , I would highly recommend these to anyone who needs a solid set of tactical ear pro . Again , if you are looking for noise cancellation as your primary criteria , these might not be the best option . However , if you need noise amplification in a low profile package that still provides good noise reduction , you can not go wrong with these .
 These are a great value ! Range noise is reduced as advertised while it is easier to hear others talk . My only issue is that it COULD be easier to insert batteries , but that 's a minor issue and not worthy of reducing the rating .
 The ear muffs are great . They arrived on the correct date and work just like I imagined . I am very content with my purchase .
 Infantryman serving in Afghanistan right now and these are a life saver . They block loud noises , such as vehicle horns , gun shots and explosions while leaving you fully capable to listen to your radio and talk to people . This is my third tour ... I wish I would of bought them the first time around . Durable and long battery life . Ca n't find a better way to protect your hearing for this price .
 Very fast delivery of this item!Quality of the product was as advertised if not better . A very good shopping experience that will most likely lead to future purchases with Amazon.com
 I wore these in Iraq and in Afghanistan while traveling on the military helo 's . They fit under the steel helmet and block out virtually all the prop noise - and you can still hear the flight crews instructions . Excellent equipment ! and great service from the vendor .
 This Peltor Tactical Hearing protector is excellent and works amazingly well . When in use you can carry a conversation while wearing them , clearly hearing normal voice tones . But , when target shooting -LRB- loud noises -RRB- are present , they muffle the loud sound protecting your hearing . I love them .
 They did a great job at the range and off the range in the pro shop and I was very pleased to have purchased them . My only serious complaint is the battery placement - difficult , time consuming and necessary between uses.If you can spend a bit more to get better placement , then do it.If you need something quick like I did , these will do fine .
 I bought it for shooting . It works outstanding . Use it when my wife snores . So comfortable I can sleep in it with a smile on my face .
 I served a tour in the Marine Corps and was always issued low end hearing pro in training and combat . Like most service personell in the infantry , the protection was not adequate to the mission . I am now serve as a Special Operator in a Law Enforcement capacity and purchased these Peltor 's for not only the range but live ops as well . They are amazingly comfortable , offer outstanding protection and give you the ability to listen to the surrounding operators and movements . I am pushing for these to be issued to my whole team as a permanint solution to the hearing protection battle . Out of all my CDI gear , this is by far the best .
 The first time I used them the wind was gusting to 40mph & I set the mic sensitivity low & there was no wind noise . Our range is covered & 200 yards long . I do not shoot indoors . They fit great . Putting the batteries in the first time was challenging but went smoothly . My son ordered some after trying them once . We were shooting 22 pistols but the guy next to us was shooting 9mm & 45 . They clipped the sound instantly . I can not imagine more expensive ones doing any better . It was great not having to yell at each other . At home in my living room at 1:00 am in the morn I turned up the sensitivity to max & heard what I thought was my outdoor heatpump kick in , so I went outside & realized it was my neighbors two houses down and across the street . I could see using them in the woods to help out my old ears . While shooting I heard my Iphone receive a text which was from my wife . That was great because the last time at the range I missed numerous texts & calls that were important .
 I am very much pleased with these muffs ! This year I had so much trouble hunting . I shoot a 7 mag , thats a loud mother but I always want to be able to hear . In the past I have kept my muffs pulled up above my ear slightly . Problem there is , it starts to hurt your ear , it bends the ear 's natural fold to where I can only hear whats directly beside me and you run the risk of scaring game when repositioning them . My fiance has sat with me to be extra eyes and ears and she wore no muffs , luckily I never took a shot.All those problems made me finally break down and say I 'm going a new route . I 'm so pleased with the 97044s . They look sleak , they feel sturdy and they fold up to a compact size . They fit comfortable and tight . The amplification of my hearing ability is awesome ! A real upper hand when hunting . Battery life seems to be decent too . I will agree with the review that said battery placement and changing is difficult and could have been better designed , but I 've got it down now , so no more problems there.As for the dB rating , I can believe it . When I first put them on , I did a series of hand claps and other noises in front of the mics . Cut right out just as promised . Confident with it I shot my 7 and my PLR-16 -LRB- which is ungodly loud with a muzzle break -RRB- and 100 % satisfaction . I 've seen some reviews saying that the 97044s did not work well , I 'm going to contribute it to maybe Peltor is n't consistant with product quality?As for the delay time after the cut out , who cares ? I do n't take a shot and then carry on an important conversation immediately . There is a few seconds delay but I mean come on , for general usage , is that really a problem ? It does not bother me in the least bit.I 'm no expert on shooting muffs , but my range junkie buddies tell me there is a lot better quality protection out , but for the price these are outstanding muffs . Thats why I did n't rate them a full 5 stars , because they have been improved upon . But the quality I got for the price is unbeatable . I will be ordering more for family and friends before this year 's deer season .
 These are the best electronic hearing protectors I have ever had . -LRB- I have worn many -RRB- If you shoot anything from .17 to .50 BMG like I do , these electronic muffs will work perfect . With their slim profile , light weight , they are very comfortable to wear and they do n't take up much room in your gear bag . I liked them so much I bought a second pair for my brother as a birthday present . I give the five stars !!!
 These muffs are great for sporting clay shooting ; the built-in amplifiers allow you to hear the traps releasing , and conduct conversation with your party , yet when the gun reports , they effectively block out the noise as good as any other type of muff . Being so slim they do not interfere with the stock -LRB- unlike some larger muffs -RRB- The only downside is that they do n't like getting wet . Even dampness from your sweat can damage them , so store them in a warm , dry place , and do n't wear them in the rain . If you damage a circuit board , they can not be repaired .
 I have `` normal '' hearing loss in the upper ranges and started to wear hearing aids in my 40 's . I wear these Peltors over my ball cap for shotgun clay shooting . They came promptly , had no problems out of the box , have been easy to carry and use , have had excellent battery life , and work to suppress shotgun blasts seemingly very well , while at the same time , without hearing aids , allowing me to hear conversations much better than I would unaided . They do not interfere with my gun mount . Only drawbacks are
 Overall , I think the Tactical 6-S hearing protectors are good . It 's a little tough to get ear cups out to change the batteries though . You can use the `` pull really hard method '' or use a screw driver to pop the ear cups out . I recommend the screw driver method if you can find one that fits into the little slot .
 Picked these up for IDPA and I absolutely love them . I personally have bought 4 pairs -LRB- Me , Dad , Grandpa , and a buddy -RRB- . And I 've convinced 3 other shooters to pick these up.If you 're a regular shooter and have never used electronic ear muffs you owe it to yourself to pick up a set . The savings IS REAL , I still see retail stores selling these for $ 125 + as well as finding online retailers selling for WAY more .
 I use these for competition and they do an awesome job of allowing me to hear other shooters but blocks out all the shots . When wearing them , I can snap my fingers and you can hear the tone difference in each ear . For the price , they really ca n't be beat .
 I ordered this item 10 days before I returned to Iraq , I had a set before and had given them away upon finishing my last tour , the product is great but amazon took 10 days to finally ship them which did not help me seeing as I was leaving in 11 . The peltors showed up at my family 's home two days after i left and are still in the mail on the way to me in Iraq -LRB- it will be a month before I get them -RRB- . I have noticed a steady decline in Amazon 's shipping and am not happy with it at all .
 For ten bucks I eliminated bandaids , stitches , weeks of not being able to do my job 'cause my hammer would have glanced off my chisel and applied th blow to my hand that I planned to deliver to the item being worked on . Every tool box needs one , and I 'd be surprised if it ever wore out . Go for it - I promise you 'll thank me for this advice ! Bill
 I mostly used this to protect my hands when using a metal stamp . It is a great product , and has a wide application for various diameters of tooling .
 The Powermatic Dovetail Machine cuts extremely accurate dovetails . A multitude of adjustments allow you to precisely dial in your dovetail cuts . The machine is a pleasure to operate from the standpoint of low sound volume and the lack of dust/wood chips . A built in dust collection system picks up 99.9 % of the larger chips and eliminates any fine dust particles . It 's quick , easy to use without the setup hassle , and extremely safe compared to the conventional dovetail jigs . I replaced my conventional dovetail jigs with this machine and am glad of it .
 Bought this item to use as a hobbyist >> > small sandblasting jobs around the house.Works and fits great keeping out the sand / grit generated.Recommend .
 I purchased this respirator from Amazon due to the dramatic price difference from the brick and mortar store . The respirator is fine , but the blown plastic container it arrived in was taped with clear packing tape on each side . Did anyone else receive a respirator packaged like that ? It also appeared very slightly dirty - though it was hard to tell . The tape was what was most concerning . I called the manufacturer and they stated that they do not tape the packages , and that I should send it back as it might have been used . If Amazon is taping these closed it is an extremely poor idea as it makes the package appear that it has been opened . Who wants to chance using a respirator meant for toxic dust like asbestos , organics like hantavirus , etc , that may have been used ? Now I 'm reluctant to order another one as I 'm worried it might come taped too -LRB- if Amazon is doing it -RRB- - and then I wo n't know if it has been opened .
 I have bad allergies and needed something when i was removing carpet . I could see all the dust coming out of the carpet when i was removing them , normally i would be sneezing up a storm , but with this i did n't sneeze once . Wish i discovered this item sooner .
 This thing works flawlessly , I have used this around the house for general cleaning and was going to add this to my Bug Out Bag but it does n't have any practical use in there . It definitely gets the job done and some and is built pretty sturdy . . The only thing that I did n't like -LRB- which im not sure if all respirators are like this -RRB- was the fact that the filters came opened so I 'm pretty sure if you do n't use them within a certain time than they would become useless . . Not sure on that though .
 This is a great mask with a great seal around the mask , i also use a pair of no fog goggles and i dont have to waste time trying to see or breath in a dusty loud . Make sure that if you buy a mask it is ment for what you use it for .
 I purchased 2 of these respirators because I 'm tearing out plaster walls with old insulation and there is a lot of dust and probably asbestos since the house is so old . After using them for a couple hours at a time they seem to work great ! They fit comfortably on the face and I have n't had any issues with them . They really do a good job . I took off the filters at the end of the day and knocked out a lot of dust and insulation from them ! I also purchased the Uvex S3970DF Stealth OTG Safety Goggles and a pair of the Dewalt DPG82-11C Concealer Clear Anti-Fog Dual Moled Safety Goggles . Both are good goggles but I like the UVEX goggles better because they seem to fit a little nicer and are more comfortable .
 I 'm not used to using a mask but I 've found I 'm getting more and more sensitive to dust , mold and chemicals I use on home projects . The mask does the job - it filters out most everything.Only drawback - if you 're doing energetic work the mask gets hot and wet very fast .
 I 've been doing some clear coating with DEFT clear coat . This stuff smells so bad but dries quick . This face mask works like a charm I ca n't smell it AT ALL ! It 's very comfortable and easy to breath through . All the reviews are true , this is a great mask .
 I needed to grind my basement floor to prepare it for tiles . The grinding created an amazing amount of dust . This Respirator sealed nicely around my face . It was easy to breathe through but kept me from breathing that nasty dust . It 's just what I was looking for .
 I admit that I had very low expectations with the mask . After using it several hours a week in my workshop , I have to say that I am impressed . It fits comfortably well , drapes easily around your neck when you take it off for a moment , creates a perfect seal and adjusts easily for the fit you want . It 's a great product at a cheap price .
 This respirator works much better than the simple protective masks I bought when I got my lathe.A . It fits well and is comfortible to wear for long periods.B . The filter system is excellent and one breathes easily in thw mask.C . It fits well with safety goggles or glasses.D . It does n't hold as much of the moisture from your breath , as a cheap mask does.I 've also used the mask while cleaning with ammonia . No fumes get through .
 I was recently diagnosed with asthma and bronchitis . I bought some great Intelli-Pro air purifiersSurround Air XJ-3800 Intelli-Pro Air Purifieron Amazon , which keep the surrounding air clean in my house now . BUT , cleaning 6 large litterboxes all the time with my multiple indoor cats has caught up with my health . Getting rid of them was not an option , and I tried those worthless paper masks , but I was still breathing the cat urine ammonia into my lungs and would have to sit down to catch my breath after doing two boxes . I was literally in bed sleeping all the time and using the inhaler and trying to get air into my lungs without coughing . I have never been a smoker ! I do n't drink . I never did drugs . Anyway , after reading all the reviews , I decided I needed something that handled strong odors , really strong . This was my saving grace ! God Bless the makers of this mask , as it fits tight as a drum and I can stick my face right into all those litterboxes if I want -LRB- I do n't want to obviously -RRB- and not get one little whif of any ammonia smell , or any smell of the boxes when I am hunching or leaning over them now ! It is not dreadful , scary , or debilitating anymore . The air purifiers and this mask have literally , in one month , given me my life back ! My breathing has already improved , and at night when I lie down , I do n't have that cracking and wheezing coming out of my chest anymore . I will say , I use this mask for 10 to 15 minutes at a time , and it does get a bit hot on the face , so if you can use it in a cooler area that is well ventilated , that would be best . It does have a tight seal on your face , so the air gets a little warm inside there . But that 's the whole purpose of it , anyway . I hope this review helps someone else , because it 's been a tremendous product to giving me energy again and not kill my lungs and brain anymore . Thank you , MSA Safety Works !
 Wonderful product . Easy to breathe , comfortable to wear ! A great improvement over the paperface masks !!! I feel safe !
 I am using this respirator while cleaning mold and need it only for that reason . Tons of mold spores go into the air when you are cleaning it because they are usually sitting on the surface dormant until they are disturbed . When you use negative air pressure to pull the mold spores outside of the house it is very possible for you to breathe in black mold or toxic mold that could make you very sick instantly . This respirator works very well and is easy to breathe through once you get used to it . Putting on the filters is n't too bad either and you will find it pretty easy . The straps are strong and lock airtight to the face .
 It is a good respirator , well constructed , copmfortable and reliable . One no - not every pair of gogles can be worn simultaneously with it .
 I used this for spray painting -LRB- Krylon spray -RRB- . I did n't smell anything , so as far as I know I was n't inhaling any fumes . There are instructions on how to make sure it is on correctly , so that was very helpful . I was at first concerned that it would be too big for my face , but it worked great . Now I do n't have to waste money on disposable chemical masks that do n't filter all the bad stuff . Reason for 4 stars is it is a little more challenging to undo the straps to pull it off . It was good for a couple chuckles if you enjoy Star Wars .
 I work in the spray booth at a small custom cabinet shop . The set up we have does n't have a good flow of air . I purchased this mask with high expectations ! It did n't fail me .
 I 've been doing a lot of projects around the house recently and needed a comfortable respirator mask that fit well and did a good job at preventing inhalation of saw dust , drywall particles and fiberglass . The MSA respirator does a great job and as other reviewers have stated ; it does a great job of filtering out fumes as well which I did n't believe but did impress me when I tried it myself.I 've recommended this mask to others and will continue to do so.BTW - Do n't forget to pickup shatter proof safety glasses .
 The mask fits quite well without rubbing , and the filters really are effective . I would recommend it to a friend .
 My wife was bothering me that I needed some protection while remodeling our bathroom . I listened , reluctantly , and bought this mask to keep from breathing cement and drywall dust . As a bonus , you can not smell anything while wearing this mask . I used it when I was handling the primer and glue for the PVC pipes . Works great !
 This mask is perfect for the guy usually in the lab . It can fit my face well and is light .
 Works great around typical dust . I will buy other filters for gas . When I was working around gas fumes from spray paint the standard filters that came with the mask did n't work well . . Overall I 'm still satified . .
 The mask has a very good seal and is comfortable . They got shipped very fast and they were cheaper here then anywhere else I found .
 This works much better than the paper masks that do not form a good seal with the users face .
 Works well gave it to a freind that needed it . Works well gave it to a freind that needed it .
 It is very easy to breathe with it , very comfortable and it works perfect for my allergies . Used it during weed whacking and picking up lawn mower clippings in bags . No allergies whatsoever .
 I was glad I purchased this . It was comfortable and effective . The price for a similiar product at local hardware stores was about $ 50 .
 I have been using it for everything , sanding drywall mud , staining wood , spray paint . No headaches , no taste and no hacking up a lung like priors with a 3m paper mask fits very well and adjustable to contour of my face . I would recommend this to anyone .
 This mask is very comfortable , breathes easily , soft seal . I also purchased replacement filter cartridges and they appear to be of very good quality as well .
 I use this in conjunction with an air filter because my modeling table does not have proper ventilation . Does a good job at keeping out all the chemicals I 'd rather nor breathe in .
 Do not skimp on a good respirator by buying disposables ones . Yes , the strap on this model can be prone to breaking as claimed by previous buyers . However , it is much stronger than the disposable ones which will break after several uses . Loosening the strap before removal will prolong it 's longevity . For the price point and quality of the respirator , it 's hands down 5 stars . I wish I bought this a couple weeks earlier when I was stripping out old paint . Currently , I am sanding down the ceiling and having a good respirator makes a world of a difference . The rubber nozzle contorts to your face and gives you a nice snug feeling . It is lightweight and comfortable . Works well with the Dewalt anti-fog protective glasses .
 It 's a good mask , you can smell what is outside but dust will not affect you . I use it to clean computers and servers with a lot of dust and it works perfect to me . I 'll recommend it . You can adjust it to your face easily and is not like other masks that hurts to work with them for long periods of time .
 Ordered it Friday morning received it Saturday early afternoon . It 's easy to assemble . Replacement cartridges are reasonably inexpensive . The head straps are comfortable and are easy to tighten/loosen . Have n't had to use it for asbestos or other things like that , but with thick dust and smoke , never noticed it . Add a rubber seal pair of goggles for extra protection .
 I love this product , but after much use , the one way valve at the front fails to function properly . I believe it may be caused by heat or age , but once this happens , the product needs to be replaced . At this point , you 're breathing in harmful stuff from the valve and not through the filters.By the way , their Contact Us form on the website does not work -LRB- 04/06/2011 -RRB- . It states `` FORM ERROR
 I had to get a few of these for work and they do work well . I hate to think of hte what I took in when not having it .
 Better than most . My last one moved around my face to much and would get uncomfortable when working more than an hour.This is comfortable and stay up on my face without issues . .
 Of course , I can not know if the filtration is as advertised as I can not test them in a lab . But after a day of spraying , I never smelled any of the chemical come through into the mask . I was surprised as to the fit of the mask . I have a difficult to fit face and facial hair so I did not expect any mask to be a one-size fit 's all . For me , anyway I just had to trim a bit of m hair and snug up the straps to get a good seal . Every respirator has limited air flow making real labor a test of the flow . I was mucking around in 10 foot high cattails and mud , carrying 40 lbs of chemical on my back on a hot day , with protective clothing . It was able to keep up with my heavy breathing better than I thought it would . It is not any more uncomfortable than most respirators , light , and the strapping system is easy and not annoying . For the price , I 'm delighted .
 I first got this mask last summer when i was working as a rough neck on an oil rig , with it on you cant smell anything . When i left i kept it and used it for restoring a 19 foot rowing scull i was doing allot of fiberglass and painting . Ive worn it nearly all day straight allot , its comfortable and i would only replace the filters when it became difficult to breath . The higher the humidity you are around the shorter amount of time the filters will last . overall definitely worth the $ $
 i like the adjustable straps and soft rubber in the nose and mouth area . I used it to keep the trash smoke out of my lungs in Good old Afghanistan .
 This works well , seals tightly against my face , and is n't too heavy . It takes a bit of positioning to not interfere with my eyeglasses or goggles , but seals well , once I get it right . The filters are easy to replace , and you can even change them out , without taking off the mask .
 First off this is a great deal , i got this for $ 27 off amazon and i live in Australia . If i had bought this on ebay over here or any store i would easily be paying more than double ! The filters protect you from almost anything from regular dust to asbestos ! Fits very securely on the head and is highly adjustable , overall great product .
 I will never do another job in my industry without this mask . This has made my life easier , and more comfortable ,
 The silicon is very forming and comfortable to wear . I can still wear my glasses when I have it on . The filter replacements are a little pricey , but it works well and they are worth it .
 I own this and love it ! the seal closes around your whole nose and mouth , the head strap scared me at first becuase it felt flimsy but has prooven to work very well , seems to block out pretty much everything !
 This mask fit well even over my full beard and formed a good seal . It was comfortable and easy to adjust . It performed as advertised .
 I 've used this respirator for over a year when using very strong cleaning fluids at home and airbrushing enamel , lacquer , and acrylic paints -LRB- some of them highly toxic -RRB- . It has performed extremely well and has not let me down -- I have not smelled or tasted any of the fumes at all . The mask is comfortable to wear for short or medium periods of time -LRB- up to two or three hours or so , in my case -RRB- and is fairly lightweight -- I have not needed to wear it for longer , so I ca n't say how comfortable it would be after eight hours . It does not obstruct my vision and is compatible with my eyeglasses -LRB- a big plus for me -RRB- . The straps are easy to adjust and allow you to get a good airtight seal while maintaining comfort . Breathing through the filters is a bit hard , but easier than with other respirators I have worn . The only drawback I 've had is moisture condensation inside the mask , but I have yet to find a respirator that does n't have this problem .
 I 've had to use a respirator at work numerous times before and was initially a bit apprehensive buying this one for personal use . It only came in a one-size-fits-all . However , it fit perfectly and is relatively comfortable to wear . Even after several hours of work with the respirator on , and my face turning sweaty and greasy in the process , it still does a good job protecting my lungs -LRB- as evidenced from a breathe-in test while covering the cartridges -RRB- . The bridge of my nose does n't turn sore , as it used to be the case wearing a different brand of half-face respirator with combination cartridges.I exclusively use the respirator for dust protection , and I believe the investment -LRB- it 's actually one of the less expensive ones I came across -RRB- is well worth my health in the long run .
 Used while spray-sealing our fence on a warm day . Was quite comfortable and I could n't smell any fumes . Did not get overly warm while wearing it and breathing was easy . Huge improvement over the paper-type masks .
 I 'm a woodworker . In my workshop I have tried 3 or 4 different versions of paper dust masks . Ones with valves , ones without valves ... none of them ever got a very good seal and all of them eventually started to fog up my prescription safety glasses . I also always found myself struggling to keep my glasses resting comfortably on my nose with the mask as the two battled for the same space.The MSA respirator was exactly what I needed . Not only does it keep the fine sawdust and fumes from my finish applications out , it fits snug , never fogs my glasses and does n't compete for space on the bridge of my nose . Occasionally some moisture will build up inside , making the flap give a little ` pop ' each time I exhale , but that 's only sometimes and is really a small trade-off for all of the problems I 've had with other dust masks.The first week was a bit rough on my nose as the mask was still in ` out of the box ' condition , but now it fits my face like a glove . I ca n't recommend it enough and never step foot in my shop anymore without it.As with any dust mask , the cleaner shave you have , the better seal you will get .
 This is an awesome product , but as with any heavy-duty respirator one ends up sounding like Darth Vader while trying to breath through one . Nevertheless , this is highly recommended for any demolition job -LRB- especially lath and plaster -RRB- , drywall sanding et cetera .
 The mask fits well and adjusts very easily . I used it when I put insulation in and when I finished walls with sheet rock and mud and tape . The filters work really well in keeping you from inhaling the dust from the sheet rock when cutting out openings with a router , and from sanded joint compound . Also keeps one from inhaling fibers of the insulation .
 This is my second MSA respirator . The first one kept contaminants out of my body , but the elastic strap lost its stretch . Had this one for ab out a year and have had no problems at all . I use it when spraying my roses , and due to the odor of the spray , I can always tell if there 's a leak . There is none -LRB- even though I have a beard -RRB- . Very pleased with the respirator .
 Ca n't believe I have n't had one of these before . No more choking on sawdust . Easy to put on and take off . Also good for sounding like Darth Vader when playing with the grandkids . Do n't know how it works on chemicals , but in the workshop , a mask like this is a must . WAY better than those disposable paper things .
 The first time I fitted this respirator the plastic clip that holds the strap to tight to your head broke . I called the warranty phone number and they sent me an entire respirator `` yoke '' -LRB- which is basically everything except for the cartridges -RRB- . They shipped it as soon as possible and it still took several days to arrive -LRB- delayed my remodel -RRB- . In the mean time I was able to `` repair '' the clip with a bottle of super glue ... Now I basically have two respirators - just need to buy new cartridges for both!In the long run - this was a hassle , but I was pleased with the customer service from MSA & the product works very well . It is more comfortable than other respirators I have worn . I do question the quality of construction , the clip broke with one slight tug from a woman 's hand . The warranty protects this possible disappointment .
 This respirator is great . I use it for protecting against nuisance dust inhalation and working with various powder chemicals . It definitely filters and seals well ; I tested it with a room full of a bittering agent to make sure it worked .
 My biggest complaint with most facemasks is that they 're hard to wear with glasses on . There 's no vapor around my nose that fogs up my glasses , and I have used this extensively around both aerosolized paint and acetone with no ill effects , as well as aluminum oxide . It seals tightly , and breathing is not difficult .
 i 've been using this respirator for light woodworking in my basement where the dust pretty much stays airborne until it goes into my lungs . it 's done it 's job very well with little discomfort and no failures so far . i do notice it , but not as much as i thought i would . i can see it being a chore to wear in the garage during the summer , though . i also wear glasses and have n't had issues with fogging or fit . as a plus , i just received some Dewalt safety goggles and they fit with the respirator -LRB- although my glasses are a tight fit under all that -RRB- . i plan on using this setup at work where , especially in the summer , we are in the parts washer a lot and i often come home with crud up my nose and eyes burning from all the airborne junk .
 The Respirator contains a P100 filter which blocks out 99.7 % of dust , allergen , fumes , and harmful particles . Works very well and is comfortable . I recommended this respirator over the others based on my research of price , comfort , and effectiveness .
 We have used this product for a couple months now . It is being used while working in the hay barn . My husband is alergic to hay and this helps him not breath it in . It has an adjustable strap that allows for a snug fit and easy to breath out of .
 I 've been using this a lot for everything -LRB- saw dust , litter boxes , drywall dust , demolition , dry cutting tile with a saw -RRB- . The fit is good , comfortable , and slightly adjustable with the rubber part that touches your face . It can get humid while you breath but that is expected . The canisters are easily replaceable but I have n't needed to replace them yet after at least 50 uses .
 I bought this for my job at a swimming pool . In order to make the correct dilution of acid , I required a efficient respirator . With this particular one I was happy to find I could breathe normally and it was like there was no mask there at all . Very comfortable and efficient !!! A must buy for chemical work !
 I got this for spraying poisons in the garden . It fits my face well and it was a great deal . I was looking at other ones on Amazon and none of them came with the cartridges already as well . Most of the other ones were just the mask and you had to get the cartridges separately and they did n't cover most of the things this filters from the air .
 Works , but the plastic is soft and easily torn . The seal is good and I still use it after a year , but I 've had to make minor repairs to it to keep it in one piece . I 'd pay more for the same item made of slightly better materials . If having a working respirator is really important and you are in a hurry , I 'd get a higher quality respirator . For occasional shop use or an emergency kit , this is probably fine .
 It works good . Only problem I am having is getting it off and on.My old one that did n't filter dust -LRB- a fact I didnt know -RRB- from 3m spoiled me.It was simple to take off and on ... but this one is a pain.It does the job ... I would spend an extra 3 cents and add a clip on head strap if I was selling these.I am pleased overall .
 Excellent product that truly holds its edge . Will certainly purchase again and recommend to anyone that has to take a tree apart !
 Would never buy a different brand loop or bar . Cuts red oak like butter even on an old saw .
 I have been involved in many vehicle extrications , as I work in an emergency services field , and I 've had my eyes saved by these durable safety glasses numerous times . Great price and they even include ear plugs !
 These are nice and economical . The tint seems to help reduce glare and the amber color makes it mild . I usually prefer these to my clear glasses . The yellow tint may enhance some colors but do the opposite for others . They are not to replace sunglasses but I think they are better in bright sun than the clear . Clear glasses still belong in the shop but I will probably use these more often.There may be some slight distortion with any curved plastic -LRB- probably more visible because of the tint -RRB- . I usually have sensitive eyes and they are n't a bother to me.They fit snug but not too tight on my average size head.The nose-piece is very comfortable.The only adjustments available are on the temples . The temples have an unusual up and down angle adjustment . This can cause the lenses to tilt down or up . It may be useful to protect your eyes from hazards coming from above or below .
 low price , great protection , read the assembly instruction on the back of package , the 1st thing it tell you to do is remove the blue film from -LSB- both -RSB- side , after remove the blue films the face mask get very clear view , and it was n't hard to remove , just use nail to peel off a little piece from the side and start from there . I like it very much , it 's not only protect the eyes , it protect the whole face , and I can even wear my eye glasses and Respirator in it , another thing I like is I do n't have to take it off and on , all I have to do is push the mask up to have a little brake . was n't too heavy , the ratchet head band work good to get the right size . Glad I bought this one .
 ... or your dashing good looks ? I have two of these I use in my wood working shop . I used to use only safety goggles around my machines , but goggles fog up and are aggravating . So , I decided to use this faceshield for protection . Not long after this decision , I put this faceshield on my gourd and commenced to turning a bowl on my lathe . Shortly , the lathe gave up the bowl blank that was the size of a orange , while spinning at about 1600 rpm . The wooden blank and its sharp corners hit me in the face on the left cheek below my eye . It felt like a good jab from an experienced boxer ... or my wife ... when it hit me . You know how you stop and hold your breath waiting for the pain and suffering of an injury ? Well , I stood there waiting for the blood but noticed that there was none and the impact had not even hurt . It did scratch the shield , but it did not crack . I picked up the bowl blank and finished my project.The importance of this incident illustrates a few things
 Comfortable to wear , swings up easily so I wear it more often instead of taking it off and forgeting to put it back on . Now , if I can get it away from my wife ...
 How much is protection worth ? I have seen broken grinder wheels disfigure a man 's face , and chips and splinters attack me in the work shop . There are some tools where just safety glasses are not quite enough . Do your self a favor and keep one of these handy in the workshop . If even the slightest doubt , wear it . It is light weight and comfortable .
 Light weight , easy to wear glasses under it . A paper facemask will fit under it . What is your face worth to you ? It 's over a hundred dollars to walk into an emergency room before they give you a bandage . This face shield will keep those bits of flying wood chips , grass etc off your face . Wear one when using your router , grinder , table saw etc. . It 's not in the way at all .
 I have only had the opportunity to use this product a couple of times since I have purchased so the best I can say is so far so good . I have had no issues this far . I have glasses so the main thing I was looking for in this product was something I could wear that fits comfortably down over my glasses and thus far no problems . I would feel ok if suggesting this to others . I would think you would be happy for the most part .
 No more having to have little bits of dust and other junk falling in my face and eyes when I am working over my head . I bought it to use with my grinder - now I use it all the time .
 This faceshield is the best that I have ever purchased , and I have had several in the past . It is easy to use and the shield stays where you put it , instead of flopping down on your face like some do . I would buy more any time I needed them .
 It 's cheap , and works fine . Not top quality , but for $ 13 , it 's fine . It is not scratch resistant or fog resistant , but the shields are replaceable -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- . The fit is fine , but you wo n't be able to fit your respirator under it too well -LRB- if you use one -RRB- . If you have to wear it all day , every day , buy a better one . If it is just for a few hours once in awhile , this should work fine .
 Other reviews have mentioned how the shield is hard to setup or hard to adjust . Personally I want a shield that is sturdy and tight . It does take a little effort at first to get the clips locked in but once they are set you are ready to go . The mask does not fall or shift when in use . I try to keep at least two in my work truck at all times .
 This face shield works great for my purposes . It fits a wide range or head sizes , stays at whatever angle I put it at , has great coverage and sits far enough away from the face to provide room for glasses , goggles or any other eyewear/protection you want to use . The price was very reasonable from -LSB- ... -RSB- I recommend the product , but I do n't recommend you buy from them . -LSB- ... -RSB- processed my order as a regular order , when I had paid for expedited delivery . When I got the email confirming my order & realized it was wrong , I contacted their customer service . The customer service was the worst I 've ever encountered.Because I needed the face shield before a certain date & would not be getting it in time , and since the order had n't been shipped yet , I asked to cancel the order so I could find another face shield in time . Even though the order had n't been shipped , I was told I could n't cancel the order , I would just have to refuse it . When the order arrived I refused it & finally got a refund about a week later.I found out later that Amazon requires all sellers to ship within two days of the sale . Since -LSB- ... -RSB- did n't do that , I contacted Amazon to ask that the store be shut down . Amazon refused because I had gotten a full refund . I 'm seriously thinking of not using Amazon again . If they do n't enforce the sellers rules for shipping orders , I have little faith that they will enforce their other rules if I ever have a problem with another seller .
 I bought this product last week , it has been working perfectly , however , I was suprised when I first opened box . It turns out the face shield was blue color , I could n't see anything clearly , later I removed the blue film . Right now , it has been working great . It would been perfect if came with more detail explanation .
 Wore this to complete my costume on Halloween . It really tied it all together . But do n't think you can carry on a conversation while the shield is down ! No one will hear you . But you will hear them saying `` What ? WHAT ? ''
 I use this a lot at the lathe , but also for odd jobs around the shop ... much easier to slip on and off than goggles - though obviously there are times when goggles are better , such as when you 're creating a lot of dust . For what it is , I think it 's a pretty good product .
 I did n't realize the blue film came off until I read other reviews . It works well , stays on the head well and does it 's job . Have n't been hit in the face with anything yet to tell , luckily , but I feel safer . It does have a tendency to fog if you get hot while working . I did n't find the lifting facemask to work that well , but still , this is a great deal for this product and I 'm happy with it .
 I 've used a lot of MSA safety equipment over the last 30 years and have a high degree of confidence in the their products . They still make the most comfortable hardhat I 've ever worn.This faceshield is no different . It 's simple to use , the shield is easy to replace , and it 's comfortable . The head adjustment and shield tilt mechanism are a little stiff , but those are non-issues for me.There 's not a good way to use normal earmuff hearing protection with this particular design or I would have given it five stars . All that really means is I have to use the earmuffs that have a band running around the back of the head or use ear plugs.In a nutshell `` Good product . Good price . ''
 This is a good shield that shows good construction and protection quality . It is easy to adjust for comfortable use . The clear plastic shield is shipped flat and is initially difficult to bend/shape for installation . After assembly the shield remains flat on the lower edge , causes some lens distortion , and makes the mask wider so it bumps other things . My solution was to store the lower part of the shield wrapped with heavy rubber bands to help evetually cause a permanent set to the curve from top to bottom of the shield .
 i 'm sure there are better ones out there but i was looking for a cheap one for occasional use only . this was a good fit .
 This is well made and about as comfortable as any . The visibility through it is good - when it 's not fogging up . Of course it does that at a critical time . For the money it 's good for a home workshop where I do n't wear it for long periods .
 If you 're doing thinks like cutting woody plants and briars with a weed eater , pressure cleaning or operating power tools then you definitely need some sort of eye protection . Unfortunately safety goggles fog up and trap sweat . This face shield is a much better way to handle the problem of flying debris .
 The adjustable face shield is a very nice product . You do have to attach the face shield to the device , and this involves bending the plastic shield with some force . Do n't be afraid of breaking it , its quite strong . All you have to do is match the holes in the face shield to the pegs on the head support . The instructions are clearly written.The fit is quite good , and it 's light . As a result , it 's comfortable to wear . The shield does not distort the viewing area , and it flips up too . You can also wear your glasses . All in all , it 's a very nice product at an excellent price . I bought two of them , one for a backup .
 this is a good face shield for the homeowner , I actually bought two of them , at just over $ 12 the price was too good to pass up , but it is not industrial quality , the headband is a bit flimsy , but you do get what you pay for , to get an industrial grade face shield you will have to pay much more , for the price I paid I am not disappointed at all and they arrived 5 days ahead of schedule , thanks Amazon
 Bought this for a person who was worried about stones being thrown by his mowerHe is so happy to have recieved it , and uses it without any more worry
 This item has a good quality/price ratio , however do n't expect the moon
 I still use this from time to time and it does a good job of protecting your face , it is adjustable and the lens comes with a clear cover so do n't forget to peel that off
 I was n't looking for any top of the line face shield . I just needed something that looked good for a costume . The one thing I want to point out is the photos are misleading . I received a bright green mask when in the picture it looks black/gray . It should of said that in the description . Although , with a can of matte black spray paint I was able to get the color I wanted for my costume .
 Pros
 Great for when you are grinding a lot and do n't appreciate your face being peppered with hot bits of metal flying through the air .
 Thought it was foggy . But it was just a removable film :-RRB- Great product . Fits perfectly over respirator . Very nicely done . Thanks !
 I recently used this while sharpening two tractor blades . It was comfortable and I did not have any problems seeing . I plan to use it next when I trim my lawn with my Echo gas trimmer .
 Read the reviews of several different faceshields and this one got good reviews from many . You can now count me in with the same opinion . I bought two to not only have a spare but to have one always handy . Keep one for when I 'm using my gas powered trimmer which always peppered my face with debris - safety glasses was not enough protection . And the second one in the shop and again it is better than just safety glasses . Four star rating is for overall quality - I 'm sure there are better made ones for more money but this one is well worth the price unless using one all day is needed for your profession .
 This is a very nice faceshield and easy to adjust , it is not too heavy and stays where you adjust it much better than most I have used.I would recommend !
 Bought this item because I do n't like to use goggles and because I wear glasses . I needed eye protection while doing woodwork . A face shield works much better for me than other forms of eye protection .
 Well made , totally effective . In my experience , masks tend to get dirty , fogged , or scratched pretty quickly . I wish I had replaced mine a long time ago . This product is so inexpensive . I do n't like to throw out old tools . Seems `` wasteful . '' But in this case it 's an important decision.Note that it takes a minute to assemble , meaning snap the face shield into the headpiece . The face shield comes with a nice protective covering , which is easy to remove but keeps it perfect during shipping.The head-size adjustment on the back is fast to use , which means that other people can easily borrow my mask -- important to keep your visitors safe , too .
 I bought this face shield to protect my face from debris as I use myBlack & Decker LP1000 Alligator Lopper 4.5 amp Electric Chain Saw . It 's easy to adjust and I like that I can flip the shield up and down as needed.There is a blue film on it , which I took off immediately after receiving it . However , there is a film on both sides of the shield . I could n't tell there was more to remove , except it was still blue and hard to see through . It took a lot of scraping along the edges before I found a spot I could start peeling from . If your face shield is still blue , you have more film to peel off.This shield fits well and is comfortable . The face shield is easy to see through wihtout distortion . For light duty , it 's all that I need .
 This faceshield , in my opinion , is a great value . Comparable items go for significantly more money . I wanted the most economic one I could find , as I was using it for my Dexter costume . It worked great , my only complaint and the only reason I did not give it 5 Stars was that the plastic strap on the very top was extremely hard to get the prongs in and out of the hole . I seem to recall other reviews when I first found this item which mentioned the shield being blue ... it 's just a protective sheet so that the plastic wo n't get scuffed up in shipping . Anyway , it 's fairly comfortable to wear ... it started hurting my head a little by the end of the night -LRB- after wearing it for probably 4 hours -RRB- , but I figure most people are looking to use this as an actual protective shield , and not all night long on Halloween . A handy item whether you 're using tools , paint or other sprays , or just to complete a serial killer costume ; -RRB-
 This really is a must have once you realize the job that they do , and how uniquely they do it . Like many others I have been going to my local home center and buying clear plastic throw away lenses . All to quickly they are thrown away . The problem is many fold . They fog up , they scratch up bad enough to need to be tossed after what seems like a minimum number of wipings , and are they really `` safety glasses '' . The MSA Safety Works are OSHA approved . They never fog up , and I mean never . With the cheaper ones , I ca n't tell you how many times I am in the thick of it , and the glasses steam up so bad that you have to toss them aside , just to see what you are doing . These MSA 's do n't fog up no matter how hot and sweaty you are getting . In August heat , in the middle of a tough job , I would stop and take a paper towel to wipe the sweat off of my face because it was beginning to burn my eyes , and the glasses were n't fogging even a little bit.Their other big benefit is when wiping the dust off of them , I have yet to see a single scratch on the surface.I bought these at the same time I purchased a pair of the safety glasses with the 1.5 bifocal lenses for about twice the money . My eyesight for tiny details has waned , I am over forty , and they enable me to see the 32 's or 64 's , or even the perfect hairline on the measuring rules . That way I can see the whole shop in total clarity , and when I need a little boost for the up close magnification , I 'm there . Those are highly recommended as well.I do n't think their is anything more important , and more susceptible to damage than your eyes . Invest in the most important tool in your shop
 I commute to work on my bicycle . I have broken/lost/left behind several pairs of bike glasses in the past . These glasses , a cheaper alternative , have worked excellent . I rode in a 75 bike tour wearing these safety glasses and I never even noticed they were on my face . Although these are slightly less stylish than the more expensive sports glasses , the clear lens safety glasses are a good buy .
 I find these glasses are very comfortable and built with some degree of quality . However , there is some distortion near the center , but not enough to make it a big deal -LRB- for me at least -RRB- .
 I 've been using those glasses for my bicycle commuting . They occasionally fog up a bit when I have a Buff -LRB- a piece of cloth -RRB- covering my nose and mouth but in those cases I just reposition the Buff below my nose and the fog disappears within few seconds . Overall very satisfied so far .
 This googles is pretty rugged and I use it while riding my bike . Sometimes I do see some fog appearing on the glass , but for the price I think it is surely value for money
 I bought these for cycling at night , but will probably look a little geeky -LRB- at least it will be at night -RRB- . Very solid , looks like they take up the majority of your upper face when on . That black plastic along the top gives you a `` uni-brow '' kind of look . The nose piece is really comfortable , it feels like a silicone rubber insert . Nice and clear . I have a second pair for shop use , so will have to see how scratch resistant they really are .
 Been using these while mountain biking , they work great for the price . They stay clear and do n't get fogged up while riding . They provide great protection from any debris flying up . And so far the lenses have stayed scratch free even after dropping them and tossing them in my camel back . Great buy , would definitely recommend if you mountain bike in shady areas .
 Comfortable . Riding my bike , I do n't even realize they are on . If get a lilies foggy , just wipe them off .
 I purchased these glasses to protect my eyes during surgery . I 'm a PA working for a busy orthopedic practice and spend at least 3 days a week in the OR . I have worn these glasses for some long cases which can get pretty messy . I have found that these glasses have really done the job . They keep my eyes safe from blood and other fluids , and they do n't fog . Highly recommended .
 This has been my favorite style of safety glasses for several years , and I live my life in safety glasses . They are comfortable and they keep stuff out of the sides pretty well and they never fog up .
 The glasses fight snug on my head and are very comfortable . They do n't fog up and did not feel like they were slipping off even when i was moving around quite a bit . I used them for shooting and they are a very good alternative to some of the more expensive shooting glasses .
 Bought these glasses for night cycling . They are a little on the large size , but they 're clear , do n't look too dorky , and make the perfect night-ride shields . The wife wo n't wear the pair I got her , so now I have an extra set .
 Between mistakes and things that you ca n't predict , wearing eye protection seems like a no-brainer . Since I 'm working with wood and concrete a lot , getting a high speed fragment of debris into my eyeball seems too likely to risk it.So I have purchased many different protective eye glasses , most of them in the $ 5 - $ 15 range . This is the best of the bunch , because :1 - Really nice out of the box , crystal clear plastic , surprisingly high-quality fit and finish2 - Temples are adjustable and the whole top black piece is a ` flexy ' material which I think makes them more durable -LRB- less likely to get smashed -RRB- 3 - Pretty comfortable4 - They came with ear plugs , probably cost them $ 0.10 to include but really cool and appreciated5 - Cheap!Only negatives1 - When I wore them with a respirator -LRB- one of those 3M rubberized masks , when spraying concrete -RRB- they were fogging up . I think this was to be expected2 - I might look for a pair that has some kind of tinting for outside work , and then just keep these as my indoor glassesI actually bought 2 of them , one for my work shed and one for inside the house , so I do n't have any excuse not to use them .
 I got two pair - one for using while chainsawing and the other while biking when it 's not sunny . The glasses are very comfortable and stay on my face without a strap .
 I bought these to use while cycling to keep rain , snow and bugs out of my eyes . They perform very well on the bike despite being far cheaper than cycling-specific glasses . Importantly , they do n't steam up at all , and wrap around very effectively .
 These are great glasses for mountain biking at night , they seem a bit too large but they definitely do the job , and do it well .
 As I do all of my yard work and other related projects , this item far exceeds my expectations.The product also came with insertable ear plugs , that can be used when operating my yard equipment .
 They do what I expected , and do it well . I like that the lens goes past my peripheral vision ; it covers great while not being in the way . I use them when I give shots a pediatric office , and they 've stood up to some abuse from kids but nothing major . If/when I break them I 'll buy another pair .
 I use these for bicycling . They have a nice large lens area for maximum protection.Fairly comfortable . I prefer another pair I bought from Ducks Unlimited however , whichare lighter , although they have slightly smaller lens . It 's a tradeoff .
 I used these glasses for my organic Chemisrty lab and they worked like a charm . They fit well and protected my eyes . Much better than the big bulky alternative .
 Really happy with this purchase . I use them in a chemistry lab . They are super comfortable , and they do n't fog up at all . The adjustable features are a huge plus as well !
 great price prompt shipment . Hard to find this stuff in local hardware stores due to industry changes . I will buy more from this vendor .
 I use this knife almost everyday and carry it for emergency use when canoeing/scouting/hunting activities . I do n't understand the negative comments about poor quality of the knife . The blade and serrated portion are extremely sharp out of the box . I have had mine for 4 months and have n't felt the need to sharpen it as of yet . The locking mechanism on mine holds the blade rock steady and has n't failed yet.The whistle is really loud for just being an add on gimic . It will be useful for getting people 's attention that are out of shouting range . This is a great feature for scouts/leaders . The fire steel does shoot off an impressive stream of sparks . I have used it to start fires several times in practice and it works well when you have the right tinder . I have found that using the serrated blade to shave thin strips from a dry stick make wonderful tinder.All in all , I would reccomend this knife . I bought two more , one to put in my survival kit and one for my boat . My boys will all have one on their person when making trips into the woods .
 I really like the combo of the whistle , fire starter and knife and the knife feels good and solid in you hand when open it and you grab it with you full hand . Very secure grip like you could really cut into something and maintain control . Knife was delivered very sharp . The only issue I have with this product is that there is far too much side to side play in the blade when it is locked open and I have n't been able to tighten anything enough to get rid of this side to side blade movement . This movement makes me concerned about long term durability . The blade is not too overly pointy so there should be no problems like snapping the tip off . Overall I like the knife and will pack it for when I need it but it is a little bulky for a daily carry knife .
 On a trip to Kenya I took this knife -LRB- checked bag -RRB- and I used it during a few trips prior . Since it 's a folder , its not nearly as stable as a full tanged , but for everyday use , it 's a great knife . Be sure to use the back of blade for sparking , and the whistle is load ! I gifted the knife to our driver and he was honored to have & I hope he gets good use out of it . When I returned , I bought another one !
 I appreciate how these survival essentials are merged -LRB- whistle/knife/firestarter -RRB- . Try holding all the items separately that this tool integrates . Small enough to be a solid backup blade for survival packs , not big enough to be my main blade . Opens/closes easily but firmly , fits in my hand well . Firestarting takes some real effort because of the short mag rod , but is reassuring to me to have as a backup . I wrapped hemp wick -LRB- about 8 &#34; worth -RRB- around the mag rod . The holder appears water tight , it has rubber gasket , with just enough room for a tiny amount of combustible material -LRB- hence the wick -RRB- . I considered it reliable enough to buy again - after losing my first one . Look for the one that has the glow lanyard , nice little extra .
 I love this knife . I bought this knife to keep in the car for emergencies . Its a decent knife to have
 I needed a back up knife for my Ontario rtak2 and i have to say this little tool exceeds the expectation for a back up knife . it is almost half the price you can get from anywhere else.you ca n't go wrong with this .
 This tool is rather handy . It 's a knife , whistle and fire starter all in one package . Especially being a scout leader the knife and especially the whistle are quite handy . The fire starter definitely works , on the last campout I started three fires using just the knife , some wood and the flint . Well okay and some dryer lint for two of the fires , but the flint but out very good sparks . Now considering the price , this knife is an effective multitool , to address my complaints the knife would probably be a lot more expensive . My complaints start with the quality of the steel in the knife , it 's not a high grade of steel , but it is servicable . The shape of the handle and blade does not do a good job keeping my hand off the blade and one of the first times I used it , it slid in my hand and I knicked myself . I 've also looked down and found my hand had worked its way up on the steel . The overall case is very thick and bulky , having made this out of a higher grade plastic or metal could have really reduced the size of it without reducing functionality.Overall this knife is n't good enough or space efficient enough for me to carry it every day . It is good enough to stick in my bag when traveling and to slip in my pocket if we are going on a hike or going out camping since it replaces two separate items I might have carried otherwise . I can use it 's blade for any wood working or tinder making and save my better blade for more delicate tasks .
 Very useful tool on camping . The whistle works perfectly , very loud . Need some practice with fire starter , but when you know how to use it , it become easy .
 Not much I can say other then a good knife and fire starter you will be very happy with it . .
 When I took it out of the package , I liked the solid feel and matte black finish of it 's composite body . The fire-starter seems quite secure , with 2 rubber o-rings to keep it dry and tight in the holder , and it takes a firm tug to remove it . The blade is sharp , but a little thinner than I would have liked for a survival knife . The blade opens and closes easily with one hand . It can take a lanyard , the pocket clip is removable -LRB- lanyard and tools not included -RRB- , and the whistle was respectably loud . All-in-all , a decent knife . A note , though ... If you are looking for a neck-knife , the Tool Logic SL1M model might be more appropriate . This one is too big and heavy to be comfortable .
 This is by far , the best knife i have ever owned ... stays sharp , fits in your pocket ... I took this on a week long hiking expedition and everyone forgot their lighters . Good thing i had this handy little fire starting knife
 I ordered this for a camping/hiking knife in a worst case scenario , and it does exactly what I want it to do . Cuts and starts fires as simple as that .
 This item was a gift request for my son . He is an avid outdoorsman and was extremely pleased when he opened up the knife.He plans to use knife as a sharp edge , a fire starter and it also featuresA whistle .
 Very nice knife . I carry it daily.You never know when you may need a way to start a fire or a whistle to alert help .
 I am impressed with the SL3 and I have several of these striker methods for starting fires . It works well with cotton balls mushed it vasoline .
 If you 're re-doing a toilet and the fixture will take a 3/8 '' bolt , get these instead of the cheap ones from the big box hardware stores . The tank will align correctly without slipping and they wo n't corrode into a rusted mess in a year . Old toilets can last forever , get these and fix it once right .
 This tool is made very well , it has alot of possibilites , with some patients and a good ruler and you will be a master at dowels .
 Got it today and put it to use right away . Smart design , functional and accurate . Would be perfect if there were a storage box came with it .
 This is a good kit for the money . The only drawback to this product is that it comes with only two of each size of dowel centers , which I ended up using often in my desk project . I would rather have used three dowel holes on the shelves , but was limited to two . Nevertheless , the kit is precise and easy to get used to . I did my dowel hole drilling very quickly .
 I bought this set at the same time I bought the DowelMax system . Their is really no comparison between the two . If you are looking to make the occasional dowel , and do n't mind doing extra steps to get the registration into the ball park , then this kit gives you a lot for a little bit of money . With the included brad point bits , the drill guides , and the dowel jig itself , gives you a volume of gear . It comes on a cardboard card with a shrink wrap plastic holding it on . If you are serious about woodwork , and want to create precision joinery , I highly recommend you to get the Dowelmax system .
 This little doweling jig does the job good enough . It is surprisingly accurate and really easy to use . There is even instructions to help you out if you do n't know how to dowel . I do n't like the brad point drill bits because they clog up too quickly and wo n't clear the sawdust out of the dowel hole . But it 's the easy too use jig . . it 's worth having in your work shop .
 Worked as stated most of the time . Sometimes the hieght would be off about a 32nd of a inch , alinement is cruical . Made very strong joints with some glue , Cant complain though . Will use again .
 Want to easily build furniture without nails or screws showing through the outside ? This is a dream come true ! Just drill the holes , pop in the dowels , add a little wood glue , and then assemble your furniture like a puzzle . It 's a must-have for any beginning carpentry enthusiast.I 've used this to build two pieces of furniture so far , and had no issues with alignment . I measured carefully , marked carefully , and then clamped on the jig . Each piece I assembled went together perfectly aligned . I love it !
 I use mine for running . I run 30 + miles a week no matter what time of year it is . Winter running has always been a challenge because of the temperature and icy snow packed conditions . The Get-A-Grip is the answer to slippery conditions . I am able to run with confidence that I will not slip no matter how agressive I am running . The neat thing about this product is you can run on clean pavement as easliy as you can on icy pavement , so if your running path is mostly clean with patchy ice and snow you can wear these and not feel inhibited while on clean pavement .
 Sure Foot Get a grip Footwear are Very Durable and Really stabilize you walking on Ice and snow . I live on top of a hill and I can confidently walk up and down on ice -LRB- even on Black ice -RRB- wearing this pair . They 're also very durable because I bought a pair of these 7 years ago and it still works great and you can replace the spikes which last for about 4 years .
 Have n't had it long but works really good . No Jams or problems.Installed Red Oak hardwood and it 's looking great .
 I rented a Bostitch MIIIFS for the weekend to install hardwood floors and realized that it was going to take me a bit more time to complete the job.After shopping around I found the Hardcore Tools HARDWOOD FLOORING AIR NAILER STAPLER . At a third of the price to buy the Bostitch and less than the cost to continue renting , I made the purchase.The Hardcore stapler has a lower profile rear and forward allowing you to use it on the second row to and from the wall instead of the third row with the Bostitch , with our 3 '' boards . The Hardcore stapler is also lighter , reducing fatigue for this part-time-do-it-yourselfer . Quality is also good , and has held up well under my amateurish handling . This unit came with a great storage case , oil , spare base plate , and goggles making for a nice bundle.The only minus to this tool is that it is less forgiving than the Bostitch in placement on the board , so I found myself having to adjust its position to avoid misstapling.Overall , I am pleased with my purchase and would recommend this stapler for the casual home remodeler .
 We purchased a Kohler sink with an extra hole that we did n't need . This item was exactly what we needed toplug it and the right color as well .
 I use mine for running . I run 30 + miles a week no matter what time of year it is . Winter running has always been a challenge because of the temperature and icy snow packed conditions . The Get-A-Grip is the answer to slippery conditions . I am able to run with confidence that I will not slip no matter how agressive I am running . The neat thing about this product is you can run on clean pavement as easliy as you can on icy pavement , so if your running path is mostly clean with patchy ice and snow you can wear these and not feel inhibited while on clean pavement .
 I just got the first chance to use these , and they worked great . Downtown Tulsa is bad about not clearing the sidewalks , and I was able to walk 4 blocks on ice and packed snow without slipping once . I even tried to `` skate '' on purpose on an icy section of sidewalk , and my feet would not budge from where the spikes dug into the ice . My coworkers all wanted to know where I got them .
 These are the best thing since rubber boots . I could not believe that I was walking on ice without slipping and slidding . The spikes really do grip in the snow and ice .
 Get-a-grip really improves tractionon ice and snow . Get-a-gripis easy to get on and off.I wear mine over size large NEOSovershoes , a good combination.Driving in them is OK , too.It 's a pretty good product .
 I bought these for my 78 year old father who lives alone and walks his dog several times a day . I was worried that he would slip and fall . I wanted a product that would give him traction and me a little piece of mind . Acccording to Dad , they work great and are easy to put on any pair of shoes . They seem very sturdy and are holding up well to our Ohio winter . Carbide steel tips seem very `` pointy '' ... I would not wear these on any indoor flooring . I did not want to test the waters on my own floor but would use caution .
 This is the best line I have used on my weed wacker and the cost is just great and would recommend this to anyone and it works as described and delivery was on time .
 I bought a 3 . lb roll of trimmer line for my `` Poulan Pro '' weedeater -LRB- which calls for a size of .115 and it fits perfect AND it works great , Oh and the .130 is the black 6 sided roll -LRB- cy13os3 -RRB- .
 This trimmer line is better than other trimmer lines I 've used in the past . However , I expected a little more of it 's performance and longevity because of the commercial grade classification . I use it with a Craftsman 32CC trimmer . Sometimes the line lasts for the duration of edging over a total of 100ft and sometimes it does n't . Overall , this is a great product and I would purchase it again .
 I use mine for running . I run 30 + miles a week no matter what time of year it is . Winter running has always been a challenge because of the temperature and icy snow packed conditions . The Get-A-Grip is the answer to slippery conditions . I am able to run with confidence that I will not slip no matter how agressive I am running . The neat thing about this product is you can run on clean pavement as easliy as you can on icy pavement , so if your running path is mostly clean with patchy ice and snow you can wear these and not feel inhibited while on clean pavement .
 This product is very good . When I wear them I can walk on glare ice with practiaclly no slipping . They are not difficult to put on and take off . They do n't come off my boots while I 'm walking . My husband delivers mail and has recommended them to other mail carriers .
 The Get A Grip has been a real life saver for me . I use them dailey getting to and from work -LRB- drive with them on -RRB- . I 've used the Get A Grips while blowing or shoveling snow , ice fishing and just plain walking the dog . They make a huge difference in traction and give you the confidence of doing anything outdoors without worries . A huge thumbs UP !!!!
 About seven years ago I slipped on my ice coated steps and fractured my back . A friend gave me a pair of these ice grips and I have been wearing and buying new ones found at Amazon.com when needed ever since . I wo n't go out of the house during the icy winter season without them . They are easy to put on one 's shoes before going out . I have also recommended them to several friends and they are also very happy use this product to keep them safe from falling during our icy winter months .
 Item is great . The salt air in Florida can erode your bike rapidly , so having a cover will slow down the process . I just opened it , altho ' I 've had it for several weeks . I do n't have my new bike yet ! But item is quality .
 Ive had this product for a couple months now.I wasnt sure about this product when i first saw it because the price was so low , but it surprised me with its quality , its strong and easy to use and fits my 8 guage wire and probably fits 4 gauge too . it holds up extremely well against the heat coming from the engine . under my hood it dangles sometimes and has fallen on very hot spots of the engine , and barely had any damage . one time i blew a fuse , the fuse literally popped inside of the Scosche holder , but it held up well , the inside is charred but the plastic is still holding strong , and the connection is strong My Amp receives powerId recommend this product to my friends and family , because it is absolutely perfect at what it does .8 / 5
 does the job as expected . works well . i like it . came on time . good price . i was happy with my purchase .
 Replace the old broken one installed by car stereo shop . This fuse holder seems to be high quality , remove rubber gasket at both ends to accommodate thicker wire .
 Try to find this item in a brick & mortar store for the same price . You wo n't . The cost would as least be double . These fuse holder types are cheap but are prone to melting/deforming over time with a higher rated fuse . Especially if it 's mounted in an engine bay .
 I wanted an inexpensive fuse holder for my subwoofer install , and this product does the intended job . It does n't have a voltmeter on it , and it wo n't last forever , but it works just fine for now . I 'm running a 60 amp fuse in it with no issue . I have n't had one blow yet , but I suspect that it will blacken the inside of the chamber and possibly cause it to smell a little like melting plastic , but I feel like it will keep its shape.TL ; DR -LRB- Too Long ; Do n't Read -RRB- : A + bang for the buckB + product qualityA + shipping timeP.S . Note to anyone considering this fuse holder
 Does n't come with a fuse already and that is fine . Felt solid enough and it is the basic fuse design . I had two different 4 gauge wires wired to this fuse and if you have some extra insulated cables the weather seal will not fit over it so you just will have to do without.Does it 's job and that was all I needed .
 This is a very nice fuse holder . I think it 's about the fifth I 've had in my life , and it 's both the nicest and the most inexpensive by far . It would be a bargain at $ 10 still , but for under $ 4 you really ca n't go wrong . It has features I 've never seen on other brands like the rubber gaskets at the ends , and the inserts for 8ga . wire . I should also mention that I 've been using fuse holders for over eleven years and have never had a generic one , always units from a local audio shop like Lightning Audio , Stinger , etc. , this one really stands on its own .
 I almost bought one of these locally for 4 times the price.You can buy nicer fuse holders , but not for this cheap.Seems to be good quality.Only Con would be that it did not come with a fuse .
 Using this with an 80 amp fuse and 8 gauge wire that is sleeved and heat shrunk , the wire fits very snugly through the weather proofing seal at the end of the fuse holder -LRB- I had to enlarge the hole in the rubber grommet to allow the sleeved wire to pass through -RRB- . It holds on to wires VERY securely . I would recommend it .
 I have n't had this product very long but it was exactly what I was looking for . Product arrived in a timely manner and I was able to use it with my 4 gauge wire without taking the little black gromets off . We 'll see how long it lasts .
 I received my fuse holder fast and in excellent conditions . As always AMAZON giving excellent service and high quality items .
 No issues with this fuse holder . This is the second one I have used of this brand and both so far have held up and not cause any problems .
 These fuse holders are a nice little piece for doing some car wiring . Makes adding a fuse link , and changing fuses easy . I was n't that impressed with the quality of the fuse holder though . The terminals are a little loose in the plastic holder , and the rubber gromets are n't useable with 4 gauge wire . They work , just could be a little better .
 8 Ga stranded wire fit just fine . It was well made and compact so I could find a spot for it under the cramped hood of my car . I was only able to install it with one fastener but it 's secure .
 If you use 4 GA wire you will not be able to get the outer rubber gasket that goes around the wire to seat 100 % properly . This holder will work with 8 Ga wire and smaller as it has spaceing adaptors inside where you clamp down the set screw . Remember to order a fuse as well . The mounting base is small so you will have to slightly angle in your mounting screws . The shaft of your drill bit extenstion and body of the fuse holder will not allow you to come in at a 90 degree angle . I put a small washer around my mounting screws -LRB- not included -RRB- incase the plastic base split on mounting . Buy wire loom as well to protect your wire . Overall best price on the market and and you can use multiple ga wire .
 This is the only fuse holder I have ever needed to use , but its been going strong for over a year now.Used this on my Fiance 's aftermarket amp and subs , never had an issue yet.Only complaint is it didnt come with a fuse , but its good to have some spares anyways . Bought a 5 pack at Auto Zone for about $ 5 . Just be aware you need to buy fuses ! Other than that its been a great little tool
 This fuse holder is a great product for the price . I had an old Rockford fuse holder and remember paying 4 X 's as much for it and I believe this Scosche holder is better quality . I recommend it !
 what is there to say . it holds fuses and does it well . able to withstand the temperature under the hood
 Our thirty-year-old faucet is still working , thanks to this plastic handle that is easy to install and is a perfect match !
 I bought this product from this provider and it arrived on time and works great . I would reommend using this product and provider again .
 The knobs and pulls that I got for my kitchen cabinets have made a huge difference in the updated look to my kitchen . They were a real budget-friendly item ! They are sturdy , solid , and I would recommend them to everyone !
 You never know what you are going to get when you order a product that you have not seen in a local store . These pulls certainly did not disappoint . They are solid with a great finish .
 Very high quality frames . Am in the process of having all new window frames made using these frames . A very classy look .
 I bought this to cut holes in aluminum for aircraft instruments . Worked great . Very clean hole .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my nephew . He absolutely loved the gift . I am very impressed with the build quality of the product . I highly recommend this for a child .
 My 4 years old son wanted a tool belt for Christmas . I looked on-line and found this one . He absolutely loved it . The tool-belt is excellent quality and adjustable as needed . It will definitely last him a long time .
 I purchased this belt for my son who was turning 6 . He likes it a lot and fills the pockets with all kinds of things . It is a bit heavy and a little hard to adjust the strap so it often slides a bit too low -LRB- he is pretty small -RRB- but overall , we are both happy with it . It also seems to be very durable and well made .
 MY SON REALLY LOVES THIS . IT IS WELL ENOUGH MADE THAT I ACTUALLY OFFERED TO TRADE AN ALL LEATHER -LRB- DECENT -RRB- NAIL BAG FOR ONE OF HIS OXYS . HE DID N'T GO FOR IT ! SMART KID . GOOD LITTLE BAGS !
 This tool belt is just right . The belt is adjustable for many sizes . Our son is 5 and he has lots of room to grow in it . The compartments are great for most tools .
 Bought this for my 4 year old grandson because he was sticking his toys in his pockets to carry them about `` like Grandpa Dan does '' -LRB- with my tools -RRB- . I was fully expecting a good product when I ordered it , but was still amazed and very pleased when it arrived . It is of very high quality and could easily be used by any professional -LRB- with a longer belt of course -RRB- . My grandson loves it and plays with it frequently , especially when I am about with my own tool belt on .
 This is from the same brand of tool belts that ` Daddy ' uses as a carpenter . They are high quality tool belts . I highly recommend this child size and the adult size . My 3 year old will be able to use this until he grows into the adult version .
 This tool belt is a huge hit with my 21/2 yr old son . It is high quality and is practically nicer than my husbands . It hold all his tools and toys and he really enjoys using and playing with it .
 My son wants to work right alongside daddy , so we decided to get him this tool belt . It is perfect for his age , 31/2 , and I believe he will be able to wear this for years to come .
 My 3 year old grandson wants to be just like Papaw . So he had to have a tool belt . He loved it . I received my order very fast and was very satisfied with this item .
 My son has been wanting a tool belt for a while now , so for his birthday I researched a bunch of different options and this belt seemed like the clear winner - quality without overpricing . My Dad really wanted to get my son something he 'd love for his birthday and this fit the bill . My son , who just turned four , is rough on everything , so I wanted to be sure whatever he got would hold up . My son was so excited when this came since it is just like what his Daddy and his Uncle use , and has a place for all of his play tools . We were excited that it is made so well . My nephew also just turned four and received the Real Construction tool belt , and it does n't even compare . My brother-in-law , who is a contractor , was impressed with this Occidental belt and said that it 's just like the ones they make for adults . I would definitely recommend this tool belt .
 Same quality as the first bags we got six years ago . They fit little guys to young adults well and good quality .
 I bought these so my neices could &#34; help &#34; me with projects . They were so excited to show everyone and insisted on holding all the tools that would fit in the pouches . These are much better quality than any other child 's carpenters bags I 've seen . Of course , being Occidentals , they are well made in the USA .
 perfect size and very high quality . I would repeat my purchase if I had to choose all over again . Perfect tool belt for kids who really want the real thing !
 Purchased for my 3 year old nephew - just like his Dads , but kid size ! He loves wearing his big boy Tool Belt !
 Just P/U today -LRB- Not such an easy task at 610Lbs . -RRB- Shipping is around 750 . I also have a DJ20 ; I was made an offer for that old stand by that was to good to pass up . Thus I purchased the PJ882 . This is my first Powermatic piece of gear so I was a bit hesitant , those fears were quickly erased . Powermatic being thoughtful has 4 built-in pins under the tables that slide out so you can use straps to lift the 882 without disturbing the I & O tables . SMART ! There is no real assemble , the unit is near ready for work right out of the box . I opted for the 3 phase -LRB- because I can -RRB- , I had my machinist 24 `` straight edge , machinist square , 45 triangle , all ready for those expected adjustment . Everything looked great . After a quick wire-up I hit the start button , which by the way is lofted up on it own stand above the tables and utilizes a twit lock type stop button , very nice ! I started with an old bent , twisted 2x4 . Within a pass or two I had a square piece of lumber . No snipe , no tear out , no adjustments necessary . But if there were any needed the way this system -LRB- Parallelogram -RRB- works you can completely adjust both tables 4 corners using a cam system , again SMART!Only dislike ; very minor , but there is a plastic piece that is mounted with two screws to the bottom face of the fence , this keeps the fence bottom from tearing up , -LRB- scratching -RRB- the out feed table while adjusting , -LRB- 45 forward to 45 backward -RRB- you just need to make sure that it is not proud of the fence otherwise your pushing a piece through and it will catch . Easy fix , just be aware.Go for it ! I do n't think you 'll be disappointed . 83 '' table surface , niiiiice !
 I have looked at this jointer for three years now . It is a beautiful , heavy piece of equipment . I was actually warned by the dealer about this jointer ! He said that another customer said that the beds were not flat and much to the owner 's suprise they were off . I used a Pinnacle straight edge and it was perfectly flat . I chose this model over the Grizzly because I purchased another Grizzly product and it had a cheap switch . Everything about this machine says high quality . Thanks , Bobby Stanley.Update 12-5-08
 My husband is an electrician and does n't want ugly safety glasses . We ordered a few of these to try . He likes them and said all the guys at work were asking where he got them .
 I needed eye protection for intubating patients in the operating room . They 're light weight and have n't fogged up on me yet !
 These glasses have better quality lenses compared to many other safety gear out there . So much so that I 've started using them as cycling glasses as they are cheap to replace and I do n't care if it get scratched or lost during a ride . I use the amber colored versions for those early morning/evening rides .
 Every month i have a work and home order from Amazon , offen i check on these glasses as i use them at work and although they do last a long time they do ware out . i buy glasses by the case . please sell them that way , Oh yes i know 12 units do equal a case , but i get the price down to about half what they sell for here . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bright clear lenses , resistant to scratches . I use these everyday at the range . They are a very comfortable fit under my earmuffs .
 Just wanted to post a review because I enjoyed these glasses a lot ! They fit on my face very well and hardly leave any gaps for things to fly in . With a lightweight plastic frame and rubber nose piece , I hardly remember that I 'm wearing them even after long periods -LRB- especially because I got the clear ones -RRB- . They do n't fog up at all . They are Z87 + impact rated in case you were curious . However , the arms are somewhat thick -LRB- not flat -RRB- so it may be difficult to wear these with earmuffs or headsets . Other than that , I love these !
 ONE WORD `` OUTSTANDING `` ill be backk for more !!!!! fantastic !!!!! combat eye protection !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! seariously !! set them out take fifty paces and shoot 'em for yourself !! 22lr @ 50 ' ft !!! out freekking standing !!!!!
 Got sick of wearing the usual OR masks with eye protection that fog up and stick to your forehead to make for uncomfortably long cases . Bought these on the cheap and forget I am wearing them . Have washed blood off the front - blood that would 've certainly been in my eye if I did n't wear anything . Very worthwhile purchase . Only used for laparoscopy so far - no open cases - and dont see what the fuss was about its clarity or stuff of the sort . Got the clear ones .
 I bought several of these for me and for some co-workers who work in the operating room . So far , no complaints about them . They 're cheap , fit well , are very light , and have n't had any problems with them fogging-up . When I eventually lose these I 'll buy more .
 Used for shooting range with family for a day of outdoor fun , bought multiple pairs , worked perfectly . Not an expert but my wife thought they were fashionable as well as practical .
 I need eye protection for firearm practice . Distortion in the lenses will translate to poor hand-eye coordination -- and that 's bad for practice.After picking up Pyramex ear protection and finding it superb . I thought I should try their eyewear . To be sure , I also bought some other pairs from brands that were ` more recognized . ' Excuse the pun , but I was blown away with the quality of the Pyramex optics . My eyes are very sensitive . These glasses are clear and comfortable -LRB- unlike the others -RRB- . They clean up perfectly with dishsoap , cold water , and a piece of clean old flannel . One of the popular pairs of glasses actually magnify everything -LRB- causing misjudgement of distance -RRB- ! Not so for these .
 not bad economical for the average shooter , bought two pairs durable and adequate for indoor and outdoor ranges . comfortable and sturdy
 Glasses fit well and wear/feel good . Not really too scratch resistant but for the price that is n't really a big problem if you are fairly careful with them . I will probably buy these again when needed .
 These glasses are clear and comfortable . VERY little sun blocking , but that is not what I was looking for . You can see out of the lenses fine , but other people can not see your eyes . Not a problem , but something you might want to be aware of .
 Pretty nice glasses , if you need protective -LRB- ballistic -RRB- glasses for work or Shooting . Try them , you will not be disappointed . Very good deal for the price .
 Bought this for my teen son 's automotive class and he loves it . Said it 's comfortable and he 's wanting another standby pair , since he seems to misplace his automotive glasses frequently .
 These are excellent glasses . I wear them when performing surgery , along with the Chums cotton strap that attaches to the earpieces . They fit very comfortably , and the vented lens feature is amazing . These glasses will not fog up at all . The nose piece is very comfortable and they are light enough that I can forget that I 'm wearing them while I 'm working . Highly recommended !
 Bought them for Eye Protection for Target Practice , they are so nice now the wife wears them on sunny days . The gray glasses do n't change the colors of objects and it provides what appears to be good protection against UV rays.Good quality and appear to be holding really well .
 great price point and great fit . seem to be good quality so I am happy with the purchase so far .
 These are great glasses especially for the price . They are difficult to fog ; light weight ; comfortable and the lenses are very resistant to scratches when `` properly '' cared for.For the average sized face and structure they fit well . Of course , if your face is extremely large or small , they probably wo n't fit as well as I am sure other non-customized glasses would n't either . Also , the lenses have good UV and reflective protection . Simply Great for the Price !!
 I bike commute 12 + miles every day thru Seattle rain and in the dark . I needed a lens that did n't mute light and that did n't fog up . These definitely fit the bill for the price . They do fog a bit when it 's 100 % humidity and I 'm working hard , but most any would . The amber lens actually enhances contrast on overcast days or even night riding . They do turn all lights yellow , which seems weird at first but you get used to it . The rubber nose bridge and ear temples are nice and they are fairly comfortable . They are made in Taiwan . I would love if they were polarized or made in the USA , but I 'm sure that would raise the price quite a bit .
 Works great , I use it as my glasses on bike commuting at night and riding during cloudy/foggy mornings . So far no scratches and have used it consistently for over a month . Does n't seem to fog up easy , usually glasses will do this when I come to a stop as the heat builds up from around the face , but has n't happened to this yet . I have a small nose so fit is usually an issue with a non-adjustable bridge/nose piece , it 's not fully secure as one made for smaller noses , but it 's a good fit and has n't fallen off at all yet .
 I 've used clear and dark lenses for target shooting , as well as day time and night time bike riding . I wanted to try out the blue for something different . Sure enough , worked as a charm . Eye protection is a must with me , whether for recreation , or mowing the lawn . So it 's just nice to have a variety of colors to choose from at a great price and quality .
 I have n't worked with these , as I bought them for cyclocross racing . I have n't had too many races yet , but so far I 'm very happy with them . No fogging yet , peripheral vision is good -LRB- distortion is n't bad -RRB- , and they look good . I 'm cautiously optimistic that these are my new go-to glasses in muddy conditions .
 There are very few painting gadgets that actually work . The Accubrush is one of them . I was at a home show two years ago and saw the Accubrush in action . I thought is was another gimmick until the person demonstrating the brush had me do the painting.My results were as good as his ! I bought it right then.We have used it to paint our entire home and now I need to buy roller refills . I despised paiting because I was so bad at it . Now my painting jobs look like we hired a pro . It takes me less than an hour to cut in a 350 sq. ft. room.There are some nuances to using the tool that you have to get used to for optimum results . First , you have to work the tool back and forth but always finish with a backwards stroke for a smooth finish . I keep a damp rag in hand and always wipe the bead of paint off the bottom edge of the side shield . This keeps paint from getting on the adjacent surface . After a while , paint will build up on the brush . The build-up needs wiped off periodically as well to keep paint from getting on unwanted surfaces.I clean my Accubrush very well after each use . It has been over two years since I purchased it and we have painted the entire house with it . The two rollers and two brushes are worn out now but the tool itself is fine . I just need some replacement rollers/brush and I will be ready for the next paint job .
 I absolutely despise painting . This is mostly due to the cutting that needs to be done on edges and around trim , etc. . I bought this tool when I knew we would be painting our entire house . I honestely did not expect it to work as well as it was advertised - but was pleasantly surprised with the results . It cut our time in half!Highly recommended !
 I was super skeptical , but LOVE this product . My sister came and helped me paint and said she now wants to repaint the rooms she 's been putting off because she hates taping . The only problem I had was getting into the corners , but other than that ... GREAT GREAT GREAT product . Worth every penny .
 So simple that even I could use it . Fast and no mess .
 I am a pro . painter and when I see a tool that can save me time I buy it.I think the accubrush is a great tool . The ones who write bad reviews are the ones who do not know how to use it . If you wipe off the sheild the paint will not build up on it . Daaa .
 I ordered this item when I was wanting to paint our living room/kitchen area . I have to say that it worked great the first few times I used it . My only complaint would be that the plastic shield needs to be made of a different type of plastic because after about the 5-6 time I used the Accubrush , the plastic shield tends to not clean up very well which tends to build up paint and then it wont glide as smoothly along the wall/trim .
 I am a gadget type of person , always looking for something to to make my job as a radio tech easy . While this does n't replace a socket set or a set of box wrenches , it does offer a quick altenative to both in a tool roll or a tool belt . I have also found that it can be combined with all those bit driver kits on the market and be used as a screw driver , torx driver or what ever is in your bit driver arsenal .
 I HAD BEEN TRYING TO FIND THIS PRODUCT LOCALLY , SO I TRIED YOU AND GOT EXACETLY WHAT I WANTED AND RECEIVED IT PROMPTLY . . THANKS HAROLD
 After I found the Arrow S66PP P66 Stapler -LRB- probable over 25 years old in original box with original paperwork -RRB- it was so surprising to be able to still get Staples for it . Thank you Amazon !!
 The good thing about this one is that it is obsolete . Thank you for making it available to me . I almost thru this stapler away . I used it when I did the 2000 Census .
 I am very happy , I have tried at least a ten different stores and was unableto obtain them , I came upon them by searching the web , and Amazon had them.Please advise me if them become scare ... Thank You for the quick service . . Please do not use VANDY in the revew , I tried to edit itand couldntED
 June 6 , 2004 I reviewed my experiences with the Powermatic Model 60B 8 '' jointer and it 's lack of table flatness and other problems . Since that time the Model 60B was replaced by the Powermatic people with a new PJ882 , 8 '' parallelagram jointer . I have used this jointer for two years now and can report that it is a superb jonter . It does lack a few refinements like replaceable table lips , which the Delta 8 '' parallelagram jointer has and the knife drum is smaller in diameter than the Delta 's which affects cutting quality slightly . However , after performng a complete alignment of both tables and the knives , using Starrett and Mitutoyo .001 '' dial indicators the jointer has delivered superb results . It will remove up to 1/8 '' of material in a single pass but I have found that if I remove just 1/64 to 1/32 '' of material at a time I can consistently flaten a board or square an edge to within a few thousandths . Amazing performance . It has more than enough power , and with it 's heavy cast iron base , is very smooth and vibration free in operation . When we checked the tables for flatness and for coplaning we were impressed at how flat they were . Using a long Starrett edge ground straight edge , checked on a granite surface plate for a precise , true and straight edge , the out feed jointer table was absolutely flat in all directions . The infeed table had a slight .002 '' dip at the mid point that went all the way across the table but extended just 4 '' along it 's length . The fence has a very nice plastic insert on it 's bottom edge to protect the table surface and the fence angle adjuster is acurate once it is calibrated . It is also very smooth and precise in it 's movement . A joy to use.Tthe only problem was the fence itself . It was not flat . In fact it was curved almost .060 '' from one end to the other . I called the Indiana distributor and was told to lay it on a flat surface and carefully hammer it with a small hammer and that it would eventually straighten . WHAT ? Only an idiot would do that . This is a great way to damage a cast iron fence . Instead I took it to an excellent machine shop with a large surface grinder and had it ground flat while it was fully supported so pressure from the grinding operation did not change it 's shape while it was beng ground . Now the fence is within .001 '' from one end to the other and from top to bottom along it 's full length . The only improvment I would make to this jonter is to add replaceable table lips and increase the diameter of the knife holding cylinder to the same diamter as the top of the line Delta 8 '' parallelagram jointer , the DJ20 XL . When I compared the table flatness of the PJ882 to the DJ20 , the Powermatic PJ882 was significantly better in both axial flatness and coplaning . It really is an excellent jointer and I am very pleased with it . I would definitely purchase another one if I needed two .
 This item was exactly what it says it is . We were able to make it fit our door pretty easily . Just be very careful when placing the magnet or else it wo n't latch well . Our dogs were able to run in and out with it shut because we did n't have it latched right .
 Bought 2 of these sinks for a bathroom remodel . Placed them side by side on a double vanity -LRB- total width 66 inches -RRB- . They look great and I still have plenty of counter space . I was nervous about the ` wading pool ' description - the wading pool sinks I have seen in the big box stores are all pretty shallow and I did n't want to experience a ton of splashing and be constantly wiping up the counter . But the sink is deeper than it appears in the picture , I have n't had any splash issues so far . I highly recommend . They look super high end bc of the sleek silhouette and the cast iron . Do it .
 I love this Kohler sink , it was the perfect addition to my bathroom renovation . It is so sleek , unobtrusive and yet stunningly decorative and functional . If I could I 'd hug it .
 really nice sink that everyone comments about . needs a special drain because of no overflow opening like conventional sinks but that is not an expensive issue to solve .
 We love this sink . I wanted to do something different in our new home in the main floor bath so I chose this sink . We paired it with the Pfister Jadia faucet and even though it took forever to find the the required spout reach was 5 &#34; for this sink . The faucet we chose has no problems at a 4 &#34; reach . As long as there is good pressure 4 &#34; reach is perfect . We set in granite and its beautiful .
 I just had the kitchen remodeled , deciding to not change out the cupboard but to update the knobs instead . These are as described in the picture . They are large enough on which to get a good handhold . I purchased 48 of these to complete the look in my kitchen and downstairs bath.When I ordered them they arrived well packaged -LRB- each in it 's own baggie with the screw bagged seprately -RRB- so that there was no chance of them becoming scratched in transit .
 I purchased 11 of these knobs to change out the hardware in my bathroom . I love the way they look , and they seem to be a quality product .
 I ordered 6 of these for the bi-fold doors in the linen closet and laundry room . They are really sturdy , solid feeling in your hand and they are very pretty in person . Amazon 's price of $ 1.71 each was a third of the price in the local stores !
 These black and copper knobs and handles are especially good looking . They blend so well with my Cherry cabinets . I would certainly buy from Amerock again
 I bought these knobs for a kitchen remodel . They are beautiful ! The look is classic and traditional . I know that I will never get tired of these knobs .
 These knobs are the same brand & style you would find in the hardware department of superstores & big box stores . The only difference being up to a 75 % discount ordering online , depending on which you 're buying ! The price for these can be unbelievably cheap on Amazon.They are substantial , meaning heavy in your palm . A lot of people look for this in hardware -- and do n't like the lightweight knobs -- so I thought I would mention it . These are very solid.The copper highlights are just enough that it shines in the light or from different angles , but is not overbearing or enough to take away from the oil rubbed bronze look . On the smooth surface of the knob it is a brushed look with the copper slightly showing through the bronze . There is an elegant contrast between the two colors.They do NOT look cheap at all ; they look very expensive , well made and the colors are rich and beautiful . They do not look `` painted '' ; they look like they just are the way they are . Hope that makes sense ! Keep in mind these are standard sized knobs -LRB- 11/4 in . -RRB- so measure it out before you so you wo n't be surprised when they are not as large as you expected from the photo -LRB- which is enlarged to show detail -RRB- . Top quality product for a very low price . Shipping was extremely quick . They come individually packaged , with another packaged screw inside the package with the hardware so as to not roll around and scratch it up . The sticker says lifetime warranty . Would not hesitate to order again or recommend to others .
 I was very pleased with this product . It hard to know exactly what you want but they were just what I wanted . Thank you
 I purchased an older home and it had a closet in the kitchen ... you had to leave space to open the door ... which took away kitchen space ... I put this door in its place and it works wonderful and I have received many compliments on how it blends in with the paneling ... and it open easy and is very convenient ...
 My new home is too big & will cost a fortune to heat this winter . This was the easiest , cheapest , way to get doors on some of the rooms fast so I can close off rooms I do n't need to heat , & keep the cats out of some rooms.But it only took the cats 5 minutes to figure out the magnetic catch latch is n't strong enough to keep them out . They pawed it right open . I added a hook & eye latch near the bottom to keep 'em out . It worked ... and they know how to open the kitchen cabinets & use doorknobs . But a hook & eye is beyond their comprehension.The doors match my wood floors & do n't look bad .
 Very easy to put up . You would need someone to help you put it up though . It took less than one hour.Pretty nice looking folding door : -RRB-
 These accordian doors are great ! Whoever said they are n't sturdy enough is nuts . They 're sturdy , well-made , and look good . They arrived fast and with a phone number to call for support in case needed . It 's true that the magnet closures are n't very strong , but if you need really strong closures , you can place a strong flat magnet over the plate magnet . It 'll cost about two bucks . But for most people , the weak magnet holds the door closed fine . I recommend the product and the seller . Craig .
 I have two of these doors now , which i used to replace old doors inside of my trailer . They match my wood paneling beautifully . They do n't take too long to put up , it 's mainly a bunch of screws and then just snapping the things on . They 're well worth the price : -RRB-
 hubby installed this door last weekend . easy to install and cut to size . looks nice in my living room . its used as a closet door . replaced my old one . color is much better than my old one also . i 'm satisfied .
 I was waiting this Accordion door -LRB- I looked it up using this tag Accordion door -RRB- after the installation of my new AC in my living room in my little Apartment in Takoma , MD. I just opened the cover and see the product , it is perfect in the way of explanation of how to assemble , and I was happy to finish it in less than hour , it is so easy and my wife said -LRB- it is homey and great -RRB- , it really adds some decor to our living room , as well as a great privacy isolator and also create a siege to the air from the AC in the living room ! I love it and she loves it too ... Thanks Amazon , Thanks the company who made this LTL -LRB- I really appreciate you -RRB- ... Every Apartment should have this accordion door
 This is going to be fast and simple . Just like the accordion doors I just hung . All it took was a hack saw to trim and a screwdriver to hang them . How much easier could you want a project to be . They are light weight and easy to handle , if an ole lady can do it anyone can . Good luck on your project . Oh yes , remember these are not going to be the best made for the price we are paying . They are nice and just what you are paying for . NOT high price wood !!! Just vinyl , put together pretty good and will do the job for a closet door or a divider for a room or hallway .
 was just what i needed to fit there thanksordered another one for another door cant wait to get it and see how it works
 This was the second of these doors that i purchased . I really like how easy it is to install these doors and they look really good . i would purchase again if the need arrived .
 This door is extremely functional , but labelling it flimsy is an understatement . Installation is relatively easy but durability I 'm not so sure about , time will tell .
 Easy install did the job for my sons room he is very happy only downfall is the end where the pices meet we 're not in but did n't not want to ship back so far so good
 for the price I was paid the door works relatively well ... I wish it was durable to keep the dogs out . other than that we paid for what we got ... it was the relatively good price and it was delivered on time
 This is a great cheap door that is easy to install . I have seen reviews that said it isa cheap made product . I bought 5 now and how can you beat the price of between 29 to 34dollars for this door . What do the people buying it for this amount of money think theywere going to get . This door looks good and works well for the money . Well worth the price .
 We love this sprinkler . We had a newly hydroseeded yard and a dry first week and after moving several `` cheap '' circular spraying sprinklers around for the first two days and spraying the lawn manually - the delivery truck arrived and brought this awesome invention ! The settings are really easy to use and although it looks like a lightweight plastic sprinkler , it performs like an irrigation system !! The distance it can cover is phenomenal and just but adjusting the height of the inner ring in various places around the sprinkler , you can adjust the distance of coverage . Perfect for unusual shaped yard or if you only want to target certain areas . WE LOVE IT !!
 I have used all sorts of adjustable sprinklers to water my lawn . None were as efficient as the Pattern Master . This sprinkler evenly waters my triangular-shaped lawn without wasting water on the side of the house , driveway , fence , or garden areas . Not only can you adjust the range it will spray in any given direction , but you can also set it to water a section of lawn or in a full 360 degree pattern.If you have a large irregular shaped yard that will require you to move the sprinkler around , you may instead want to buy two of these sprinklers . Once you have the highly adjustable plastic disc set to perfectly water a particular section , it is a pain to adjust and readjust it for another area.The sprinkler is very light weight and made almost entirely of plastic , however , it has outlasted two similar metal sprinklers I bought at the same time last spring . I would suggest keeping the sprinkler in your garage during winter to improve its longevity .
 I have owned 2 Gilmour 996D for over 2 years . Now that I need to replace them , one because I dropped it and the other because of my neighbors car , I am happy to see that someone still sells it . After traveling around the city looking for one and all of our home and improvement centers not having it I resorted to the net . Thank you Amazon.I did not know what I was going to do without this amazing piece of technology . It is so easy to use and so versatile . No other sprinkler comes close to matching it .
 Great concept that works as advertised . The range is very dependent on water pressure -LRB- you should use 3/4 '' hose for best results -RRB- and not hook it in series with other watering items . The UV rays will damage the red adjustment circle over time -LRB- making it thin and crack ; Gilmour did replace under warranty -RRB- so it 's best to cover it with tape or make a `` hat '' for it . Also if the adjustment levels go immediately from really low to really high it can get caught .
 I bought two of these after struggling to find sprinklers that would cover my yard without wasting water.What I love about these is that you can adjust the pattern to fit your yard almost perfectly . I 've had both of these for just about a year and they have held up great . I store them in the garage when they are not being used , which is what I would recommend so these are n't exposed to the sun all the time . It will just help them last longer.I took the two for my front yard and wrote `` Front Main '' and `` Front Side '' on them with a sharpie , this way I know which one goes where and can keep the settings permanent . Sometimes you have to tweak if you 've got particularly windy conditions , but not a big deal.The only suggestions I have for these is 1 -RRB- some short spikes on the bottom to help them dig into the ground , or make the base heavier -LRB- I 'd gladly pay more if they had some brass hardware on them -RRB- . They have a tendency to move around every now and then . And 2 -RRB- a more vertical adjustment so you could adjust to cover a shorter distance.Other than that , these are great . I 'm going to buy two more for my back yard .
 I read the reviews and a few people had trouble getting it to work . Because most of the people loved it I decided to order it . Well I got one that would n't keep going around . It did great when the ring was pushed all the way to the top but when it went downhill on the ring it just could not go back up the slope . I called Amazon for a return . Boy that was easy , you just go on to the net and print a postage free return label . I received the replacement before they got the one I sent back . It works great . You just have to remember that the instructions still say to push the black ring up or down but it is RED .
 This is the best sprinkler i 've ever purchased . do n't believe the trash talk . i have owned mine for over four years and it works great . i use it for garden , lawn , and flower beds . has a small screen in the connector to catch any large dirt to prevent clogging . i would definitely suggest the purchase .
 This is the best -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- yard sprinkler out there because you can adjust the water spray for any shaped yard . As the sprinkler head rotates the red ring can be adjusted to send the water long or short -LRB- by moving it up or down -RRB- . It 's a very good invention .
 As we have a patio and plantings that create an uneven shape in our backyard , I was looking for a sprinkler that would save me from moving it several times a day or having to use multiple sprinklers . This sprinkler handily did the trick . The adjustments are easy to make and the base is very stable . It 's even easy to make adjustments while in operation without getting wet . A nice fact is that the speed and distance correlate - when set to longer distances , the head rotates more slowly , allowing the lower volume of closer in drops to collect , promoting even watering .
 I think this gives as much control over water as you can expect , my yard is prettysmall it would do well in a larger area 50 ' X 50 '
 Being in the plant business most of my life , I have tried many sprinklers for my personal use at home . This one is definately the best ! I just love the way that it is fully adjustable to any area that needs watering . No other sprinkler has the features that this one has .
 This is a good product for the money . Allows you water odd shape areas and easy to set up .
 This is a gem of a water sprinkler because it can be adjusted to cover any yard no matter what shape . It is rugged and easy to set and made of good quality materials . It can be located centrally and made to cover both long and short distances in a 360 degree sweep by means of an adjustable track . Works like a charm .
 I love the way this sprinkler sets up . I provides excellent water coverage , and after experimenting with it , I found it easy to adjust and set up . The only problem I really find with it , is that it is fairly fragile , and broke when my Basset Hound ran over it . I purchased 2 when I ordered , and would buy the sprinkler again .
 I first used this sprinkler several years ago . I loved it for its versatility , and my heart was broken when it finally , after years of service , cracked at the inlet . The place I bought it was no longer carrying it , and I was forced to go almost an entire season without it . To say I missed it was an understatement . My yard , like many yards , is very irregular , and normal sprinklers just ca n't `` curve '' around shapes.Then the light finally went on , and I did an online search and found it again . So , I bought two . The design has been improved a little , but its functionality is the same . I love this sprinkler .
 I bought this sprinkler to water my 40 ` x20 ' garden . It took a few minutes to calibrate it exactly to the shape of the garden -LRB- for some reason , whether to press down or up on the red ring was opposite of what I felt it should be -RRB- , but now that we took some time to play with it a bit , it works perfectly for us ! We paired the sprinkler with a timer on the hose and now twice a day , our garden gets a 30 minute shower . Given the crazy large size of our plants and the abundant yield of veggies , I think everything is getting pretty evenly watered . When the plants got too large , we did need to put the sprinkler up on a 5 gallon bucket . We hung bricks from each handle of the sprinkler to keep it on the bucket while it watered . The handles have held up well under the weight of the bricks , and the sprinkler continues to water well in this new position . I highly recommend this product , especially given the low price !
 Love this sprinkler - the customizing possiblities are perfect for us . We started over with our backyard -LRB- tore down garage , ripped out trees , built a deck and fence -RRB- . We have three pine trees in a row , so we ca n't plant grass underneath -LRB- needles -RRB- . This left us with a `` C '' shaped yard that needed steady watering since we planted seed for the new yard . On top of that , our outdoor water pressure is only strong enough for one sprinkler at a time - ca n't use a chain of sprinklers . This is the only thing that worked . We are n't watering the deck/house/neighbor 's yard anymore . I love it . It took about 30 minutes to establish the pattern and I do n't move it so the timer just goes off 3/day and the yard is basically maintenance free . The new grass looks great !
 I have recently purchased two Gilmour sprinklers and am quite pleased with them . Directions came on the back of the box and were not very detailed , but through trial and error I learned how to set the pattern and the type of spray . My neighbor was quite impressed with the diameter capabilities of the sprinkler . While setting the sprinkler up , it was shooting water across the street and he asked if I was opening a car wash . Great purchase .
 Easy to set and is wonderful for watering irregular shaped beds . Each plant can be watered without watering the sidewalk or driveway . And I have never drowned myself trying to set it like other sprinklers .
 I have a front yard that is narrow and wide and could n't fine one sprinkler that would work , but the more sprinklers I used the smaller area they would water . I does do the whole area with no problem , I glad I found it .
 I bought this item based on the existing reviews here . So far , it is performing excellently . It is indeed very easy to adjust the circle pattern to fit one 's yard shape . For me , I have a very large yard
 I 've been using this sprinkler for 2 years now , and I still love it . I 'm back at Amazon to buy another sprinkler for a different part of my yard . It takes some experimenting to get it setup for perfect coverage , so you might want to buy a second or third sprinkler for your yard .
 My first sprinkler like this I bought from Walmart , but have n't been able to find it there since . It is priced very well , and is easy to set . My only complaint would probably be that it is made of plastic , so will break if run over by a bike or a stray basketball bounces on it . But although there are pieces that can break off , it still works through a lot of damage . It would be nice to have more adjustment ` pegs ' . I recommend this product , and now that I know where to find it , will only use this sprinkler . It saves me money and time , because for my small yard , instead of placing the sprinkler in 4 different areas , I can get it all at once .
 I bought the second sprinkler at this point and am very happy with it . Gilmour sprinkler has several important features . One of them
 Easily the best lawn sprinkler we 've ever owned ! We 've gone through several different types over the years , but none worked as well and easily as this one . Worth every penny , and it was n't even expensive !
 We buy several of these sprinklers at a time because the neighbors have decided they like them too . They water the lawn and garden in a regular pattern that I set each time . I can manipulate water to go far and then in the next instant be short not hitting the house and then back to longer without hitting the fence . The only problem we have had is putting them away for winter and being unable to find them in the Spring . There is a problem too if you step on them the collar breaks , hence the reason we buy more than one at a time . We highly reccommend this sprinkler .
 Works great - just like the last one I purchased years ago . Good quality and at an affordable price .
 This is by far the best sprinkler I 've ever owned . It 's extremely adaptable to odd-shaped lawns or gardens , and as a bonus , I really get a kick out of ` fine-tuning ' the spray pattern to get within one blade of grass without hitting the driveway . -LRB- OK , I 'm exagerating a bit , but not much . -RRB- My dad gave one to me and it lasted for years until I broke it by dropping it on the sidewalk . I 've had the replacement for years since then and recently gave one as gift to my son-in-law .
 I am reasonably pleased with the product . There are not as many adjustment settings as the ad stated , but for my needs , it does n't matter . So far , the sprinkler has worked as promised . However , the transition from short to long pattern and back is a little rough . There is still some over-watering , but not nearly as much as with a traditional sprinkler . I have not used the sprinkler long enough to determine if it was a good value for the cost .
 We are now the envy of the neighborhood ! Our lawn is evenly watered all over now that we have this sprinkler . We never were very good at setting our watches to drag a sprinkler all over the yard to ensure we got every spot . Now we just set it out in its designated spot , turn the water on and watch our neighbors drag their sprinklers all over the place!It 's extremely simple to use too . With one hand you can either pop up or down sections of the middle ring to adjust the distance of the spray . I now curve around my landscaping , but also make an extra shot out to the mailbox to water the petunias without having to water the entire sidewalk.So simple , yet brilliant ! And I do n't have any fears of this sprinkler breaking or wearing out like I have with other sprinklers .
 I own two of these sprinklers , one for each part of my backyard . Before I bought the first one , I read the online reviews and thought it sounded like an interesting concept . Well , it delivered everything as promised . I have a square backyard and an alley . The square part is too big to water with ordinary sprinklers . Now I put this sprinkler right in the center of the lawn and set the adjustments -LRB- only need to set them once if you do n't change them -RRB- and it waters everything . It shoots all the way to the corners -LRB- about 40ft -RRB- , but then does n't shoot over the fence or hit my patio when it gets to the shorter distances . The one for the alley is adjusted to shoot all the way up the alley -LRB- about 30 feet -RRB- and then it arcs toward my fence and shoots a 4ft . spray . These sprinklers do a great job . One thing to keep in mind
 The pattern master sprinkler is the closest thing to installing a sprinkler system , without all the labor and costs associated with the usual in-ground system . I am about to buy my third Gilmour pattern master . One was involved in a vehicle fatality , and the other two finally gave into South Texas weather conditions . However , the two surviving sprinklers dedicated three - four years each to keeping my yard green . I have a front yard divided into four individual squares by sidewalks . To complicate matters I live in San Antonio , where water restrictions are a year round issue . This sprinkler allows me to water accurately , eliminating accidental watering of sidewalks and the front porch . The back yard is wide and long . This sprinkler allows me to water the entire yard , and adjust the spray so that I do n't water the storage sheds or plants not requiring any water . The only draw back is that with our water pressure , if you place the sprinkler on a flat surface - example driveway or sidewalk - it will travel on you . I just weigh it down with a brick or stone that I have in one of my planting beds .
 I bought two of these sprinklers , one for the front yard , and one for the back yard . These things are great for anyone who does n't have a perfectly round -LRB- rotary sprinklers -RRB- or rectangular -LRB- sweeping sprinklers -RRB- yard . They 're really easy to calibrate and re-calibrate . I found myself tweaking the setup frequently to get just the right coverage -LRB- it varies depending on the wind of the day -RRB- , and I found it very easy to move the sprinkler to different areas of the lawn and set it up to hit them just perfectly.I 'm buying a third one now . Apparently , these sprinklers are n't quite sturdy enough to withstand the wheels of a car . But when my neighbor accidentally ran one over and bought me a non-adjustable Gilmour sprinkler as a replacement , I did n't hesitate to order a new adjustable one myself -LRB- it was a kind gesture , and I guess it was n't obvious from the mangled bits of plastic -RRB- . : - -RRB-
 Had thought this sprinkler was no longer available ; but a net search lead me to a link through Amazon , where the price was fantastic . This sprinkler allows you to `` program '' the watering pattern to maximize water use . It can water short and long distances in one rotation depending on your needs . Sounds tricky , but is easy with clear directions and `` user friendly '' mechanism on the sprinkler . Well worth the money . Delivery time was very quick .
 I have used this sprinkler now for two months . It 's great . It solves the problem of watering a rectangular area with a sprinkler that waters in an arc . It does this by allowing you to adjust the spray distance throught the entire arc . No other pulse sprinkler does this . Takes a bit of playing with to get the pattern right , but once set it distributes the water right where you want it , without overspraying some areas and underwatering others . Very affordable too !
 Set up this little guy this morning . Very impressive . While I do not have an `` odd shaped '' lawn I do have one little area that was always missed by every other sprinkler and this one hit all the spots . Perhaps best is the distance control that allows me to avoid drenching the cedar fence . I see that the picture on this site shows a mostly green and black unit . On the one I received the distance control rings is red . The instructions on box still refer to the `` black ring '' ... thru me off for a moment . One last thing , I set mine up to sit on the patio ... the unit tends to slide around a bit so I did have to weight it down . Very happy with the purchase .
 I have an odd shaped garden on a slope , with wood fence and deck around it . I wanted to water the areas but avoid the wood . I bought 4 of these . I used two sprinklers for the top 2 tiers , and 2 for the bottom 2 tiers . I adjusted the length of spray to avoid the wood . I could only use one set of 2 at a time because of water pressure . It worked . I connected the two hose ends to a water faucet switch so I only have to toggle on the hose I want to use . For each set , one sprinkler is attached to the hose , another is attached from the first sprinkler . I am getting better watering now and much less on any wood . The only data I wanted it did not have was how short I could make the spray go ; the data was for the maximum only . I have a lot of overlap but it is OK . I almost have a good tailor-made watering system for the odd shaped garden ; I had been dragging a hose around every day . Things are much simpler now . I had tried many different type of sprinklers and found the adjustable area one on the Internet - this one . I never saw it in the stores where I was looking . Watering is no longer a pain in the neck . I am no longer losing plants to lack of water .
 this is by far and away the best programable sprinkler on the market . i would rate it a 10 if the rating went that high . it is so precise that within a radius , you can program it to shoot various lenghts at different spots to totally customize watering the things you want to without wasting any water watering the things you do n't . it 's the most efficient sprinkler that i 've ever seen . you wo n't be disappointed
 This sprinkler operates as advertised . Other than an underground sprinkler system , this is the way to go . It puts water in the shapes of the yard .
 I set up a poor man 's sprinkler system with 3 of these and a timer.The Gilmor is great because you can set a pattern and only water the places you need.I have noticed you need to over-aim the area and the very end of the sprinkler is ' t enough to water fully.Hard Water and the heat from the sun are making them a little worn and brittle but overall these are the first sprinklers on my list to buy
 This is a most ingenious sprinkler , the best I have ever tried . It will evenly water the most unusual shapes with ease , and the wind does not affect it like many sprinklers . I have now purchased 2 of them , one for the front and another for the back . Easily worth more than they want for this gem !
 Most versitile sprinkler . You can adjust the range of the arc and the distance of the stream to water the oddest shaped lawns .
 Kudos to the engineers who designed this sprinkler for coming up with a creative solution for all of us who have non-circular yards ! It offers the long-distance spray of an impulse sprinkler combined with the ability to shape the spray to rectangular and even irregular spaces . I 've been using it for several weeks and am very pleased with it.It does n't have quite the range of the old-fashioned stick-in-the-ground impulse sprinklers I 've used . In my yard it can spray a maximum of about 35 feet , or 70 feet in diameter . Presumably the `` XL '' model has a stronger spray if you need more coverage.Others have noted that once you have it adjusted properly , you want to be able to move it out of the way and then put it back exactly where you had it . I agree , and came up with one way of solving the problem . I cut four pieces of 1/2-inch dowel about 8 inches long , and pounded them into the ground at each inside corner of the sprinkler base , leaving them sticking up about an inch above ground . I then spray-painted the ends with bright red paint so I could find them easily . They work perfectly as locating pins so I can place the sprinkler in exactly the same location and orientation every time , and they 're low enough so I can mow right over them . They also keep the sprinkler from rotating during use , which I noticed it did very slightly before I installed the pins.How long will it last ? My guess
 I 've had one of these for three years . It really works as advertised . The sprinkler pattern can be adjusted to keep the water on the grass not on sidewalks and fences . I would give it 5 stars but the hose connection is plastic and prone to stripping .
 The product requires no assembly . I was replacing my older one that I left outside this past winter - not recommended ! The winter took it 's toll - the plastic ring broke.This sprinkler lets me adjust for the different flower beds I have around my house , watering corners by making the corner long and the sides short . It 's the most versatile sprinkler I 've ever used .
 I now have two of these and both are a pleasure to use . Especially when you figure out that you can grab the head and prevent it from soaking you while you adjust the pattern ! My only suggestion for improvement ? An elevated style . Maybe mounted on a tripod or a spike , and then this would be as close to perfect as I can imagine for a plastic sprinkler .
 I 've spent the past 3 months trying to find a sprinkler set up for my oddly shaped yard , went to home depot and lowes , they both gave me crap recommendations that cost me several hundred dollars and weird 10 hose configuration setups that left me watering the lawn from 5am to 10am ! At least they have a good return policy ... heheI did a little research online and of course , Amazon , my one stop shop for real reviews.My only qualm is that there was no instruction manual , granted with a little brain power plus trial and errors I was able to get it set up just right.Really does save you time and money , I have it coupled up with an orbitz -LRB- sp ? -RRB- timer and now I water the yard for 30 minutes total -LRB- pretty big yard , corner lot -RRB- , and my lawn looks great . Fantastic device , also fantastic for being lazy about watering the lawn .
 Just got this product . It works quite well and the adjustments were quite easy to make . The sprinkler does exactlty what it claims it will do , which is perfect for me since I have a strangely shaped front yard space to water.Before I bought this product I read the negative reviews , so I 'll add my comments to those . Some people said the sprinkler would move around and they had to weight it down but I have had no such issues . Others said that when exposed to prolonged bright sun the plastic became brittle and the ring eventually broke . Obviously I have n't had the sprinkler long enough to evaluate that one , and , actually , based on that review I am moving my sprinkler to a shady , covered area after use to try to avoid such an issue . I have n't tried to use it in a series , but I may order another one and see how that works out and add to this review at a later time.Thusfar I am very satisfied with the sprinkler .
 Got to tell you this is the best sprinkler I have ever purchased . My husband bought 2 of these 17 yrs ago . I 'm not kidding . To this day I have one unit left which just died on me . Looked last year and could not find replacements . Well , today I was lucky enough to find them . I have very different areas in my yard to water . These guys work great . I just hope these last as long as my others . Little silicone spray on the plastic and it works like bran new . Thanks Gilmour ! No one else can compare to this sprinkler .
 I now own two of these . They do a great job . I think they do better with short and medium distances , but can get the job done if you need the full distance they offer . I 've read a couple of reviews that say these did n't wear well . I 've been using both of mine several times a week since April and they have held up very well . They seem durable enough for plastic . I have no fear that they will last a long time if I take care of them . These also handle low water pressure better than any others I 've tried .
 I have used this product for 15 years . I need it because my yard is irregular shaped . Works well for 6-7 years using 2 times a week . Then the little red band wears out . I buy another nothing else on the markets works as well for controlling the water pattern . I set it up watch the first couple of rotations adjust it if necessary .
 Just tried for the first time . I really like the way you can set the spray for different areas of the lawn . Just pop up or lower the levels and its easy to adjust . It also has a second adjustment if you have a tight space . It works great . Very happy I purchased this . It also has a cut off valve so you do n't have to shut off the water to move the sprinkler or adjust the spray .
 This sprinkler is really awsome . It takes all the work out of watering because you only have to put it in one spot and set the settings to your area . I put it on my garden and I did n't hae to move it like I use to with all the other sprinklers . I really love this sprinkler !!
 Fun to play with ; the distance ring and thorough watering pattern work well . it is impossible to say how long the Plastic Gilmour Pattern Master will last , but the idea behind the device is interesting and the product does what it claims to do . I have noticed that it takes about 45 psi of water pressure to function properly and too little pressure at the hose end will not enable the head rotation and distance settings .
 It finally broke after years of use -LRB- grandchild may have had something to do with it -RRB- Had to get another , other sprinklers just wo n't cover to the corners and short sides ... . I 've been using this style for years & love it ! Reasonably priced too
 I have a couple of these sprinklers now , and love their design . They hold up to tough yard work , and the flexible spray pattern is so great . You can fit the sprinkler pattern into whatever shape area you need to water ! I love saving water . There is something about that tic-tic-tic sound of a sprinkler int he summer ... Every Gilmour product I 've gotten has been superior . They honor their lifetime warranty too.I tried out the larger version , but I did n't have the water pressure to handle it .
 Very easy to use , does a great job I would buy another one . Only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because of the cheap quick connector . Ended up buying a good brass one , other than that a good buy .
 Gilmore sprinkler gives you a lot of control of how far the water shoots and the shape of the circle . I have been using it now for two weeks , and I am very pleased with its performance . This is my first sprinkler of this type so I got a bit soaked figuring out how to set it up exactly as I wanted , so I am adding detailed instructions and photos of the controls.My goal was to set up a 220 degree semi-circle , leaving a small wedge where I can exit the basement and approach the sprinkler without getting soaked . The distance of how the sprinkler head rotates to the left or the right is control by two red levers around the head . The lever on the RIGHT hand side control how far the head rotates to the LEFT , and the lever on the LEFT hand side controls how far the head rotates to the RIGHT . -LRB- see photo -RRB- The distance of how far the spray shoots is controlled by a red ring which pushes on the back of the head . The higher the ring is lifted the shorter is the spray , when the ring is at its lowest the water shoots the furthers away . How high the ring is lifted is controlled by the pegs that you can reach beneath the sprinkler -LRB- see photo of the sprinkler upside down -RRB- . When you push on the pegs from below they raise the ring . When you push on the ring from above , you lower the ring . You can control each individual peg , so you have a lot of control and can create a pretty intricate shape for your watering needs.If you need to the sprinkler to make 360 circle , you need to pull the medal clip towards you.I have been watering the newly planted lawn twice a day . The sprinkler is working very well . I am pleased with precision of the watering I was able to achieve avoiding various areas that should not get wet yet getting water to everything I wanted to water .
 This is a good product that if need is a good item to have so buy it and you will like
 I have used this new base 100 's of times know and could n't be happier for owening it . It is great if you owen a router table too . Leave the old base mounted under the table . Know you can unlock the motor , drop it down and install it into the plunge base . For the price of the router and the new base you have a great combo . The only reason I could n't give it 5 stars is the plunge body is a little hard to push down if you are not right over the center arms .
 This open ended wide belt sander is a real gem of a machine . It 's a tremendous upgrade from any drum sander . You can easily change sanding belts/grits quicker than 48 '' wide belt machine or any drum sander . The sanding belt guide system works well and acts as an oscillator to minimize scratch patterns . The 5 HP belt drive motor powers through just about anything but it 's not a planer.I compared this machine side by side with similar bargain brands and noted considerable differences . Powermatic pneumatic and electrical systems are first class . The belt roller support bearings are larger and can be greased . The table raise/lower is extremely accurate with a double reduction jack that moves the table only .014 per handle rotation . I have made veneer as thin as .030 thick + / - .005 tolerances . Other brands use a single reduction lifts that raise/lower approximately .120 per handle rotation . I am not sure how accurate or repeatable those other sanders are but the Powermatic is right on . Some of the bargain brands use a short length belt with a single contract point roller , that can lead to wood burning and belt filling/plugging like a drum sander . The Powermatic uses a shoe just like the expensive 48 '' models . I have yet to burn wood or plug the belt on this PowermaticThe optional digital readout helps get you to size fast but it is pricey . You may be able to find an after market digital thickness gauge for less . When you are close to the final size , send the board through the machine a couple times without raising the table height anymore . That works with any drum sander too.I have used for 5 years without problems . I added a Delta mobile base and replaced the front lift wheel with an angle iron to connect the lift/trolley from my Laguna bandsaw . I can easily move the sander into the middle of the shop to handle long broads . I also 3/8 '' tapped the end of the table lift hand wheel shaft and locked in a bolt , which lets me quickly raise/lower the table with a small impact driver . This is not the safest thing to do but I am a one man shop and very careful not to get it moving too fast .
 This open ended wide belt sander is a real gem of a machine . It 's a tremendous upgrade from any drum sander . You can easily change sanding belts/grits quicker than 48 '' wide belt machine or any drum sander . The sanding belt guide system works well and acts as an oscillator to minimize scratch patterns . The 7.5 HP belt drive powers through just about anything but it 's not a planer.I compared this machine side by side with similar bargain brands and noted considerable differences . Powermatic pneumatic and electrical systems are first class . The belt roller support bearings are larger and can be greased . The table raise/lower is extremely accurate with a double reduction jack that moves the table only .014 per handle rotation . I have made veneer as thin as .030 thick + / - .005 tolerances . Other brands use a single reduction lifts that raise/lower approximately .120 per handle rotation . I am not sure how accurate or repeatable those other sanders are but the Powermatic is right on . Some of the bargain brands use a short length belt with a single contract point roller , that can lead to wood burning and belt filling/plugging like a drum sander . The Powermatic uses a shoe just like the expensive 48 '' models . I have yet to burn wood or plug the belt on this PowermaticThe optional digital readout helps get you to size fast but it is pricey . You may be able to find an after market digital thickness gauge for less . When you are close to the final size , send the board through the machine a couple times without raising the table height anymore . That works with any drum sander too.I have used it for 5 years without problems . I added a Delta mobile base and replaced the front lift wheel with an angle iron to connect the lift/trolley from my Laguna bandsaw . I can easily move the sander into the middle of the shop to handle long broads . I also 3/8 '' tapped the end of the table lift hand wheel shaft and locked in a bolt , which lets me quickly raise/lower the table with a small impact driver . This is not the safest thing to do but I am a one man shop and very careful not to get it moving too fast.One word of caution when changing the belt , make sure to get the sanding belt in between the guide control fork in the rear of the machine . Failure to position it right will destroy a belt in seconds . Do n't be in a hurry , open the back of the machine and double check it !
 Although my bottle arrived taped beyond belief and took about 40 minutes to unpack and was all full of glue from Midway the product itself is awesome . Perfect to remove rust and prevent it.I actually put some on a trailer ball and hitch I had sitting on my car that was full of rust it removed the rust and since then about a month later seemed to stop new rust . Also still is lubricating the hitch every other lube usually is gone two weeks later . Also used on some tools I had really loosened them up .
 I think this lubricant is great stuff . I use it on all my guns and I do not have to worry about them rusting between hunting seasons . I also use it on all my tools . It works great on a table saw top . I would have given it five stars , but the spray bottle is junk . The best way to apply this stuff is with a fine spray . The bottle it comes with just squirts out large amounts and it leaks on everything . I put it in a small spray bottle with a fine spray and it works great . I have never been able to remove rust like other reviews have reported . I tried it on several rusty knife blades and nothing happened , but after polishing the blades with a good compound , CorrosonX was applied to keep the rust away . I highly recommend this product .
 The product seems to work pretty well . I have applied it to my mailbox , A/C outdoor unit , and several other tools . The only issue I have is the trigger bottle and how it can not be used to `` mist '' the contents in any way . It has the same stream , no matter what the setting is . In hindsight I should have bought the aerosol can for best application . I will have to buy a spray bottle with a good difuser attached , so as not to waste any of this precious substance ! It does appear to be making a difference to the rust on everything I have applied it to . Hope this info helps someone . Thanks !
 This is the first time when i took my time and wright a review for the any product . couple days ago while fishing from the shore from san diego i accidentally drop my 2 months old samsung galaxy smart phone . phone end up 2 feet under water . i removed it quickly from salty mission bay water and removed the battery and sim card from the phone hoping it will still work . unfortunately after 4 days dipped in sillica packs all moisture was gone but phone was gone -LRB- no response -RRB- . yesterday i decided to try one last thing . i look in my radio control boat box that i still have a half of the bottle of corrosion x i used to use for servos and receivers . i opened the phone removed all boards and starts cleaning with brush dipped in corrosion x. after 30 minutes i clean an exes of corrosion x with rubbing alcohol and put phone together . i was very skeptic about results . i could not believe it when i turned on my phone and a display and welcoming screen lit up . this staff is great . corrosion x is now my favorite product on the market . i only hope that my phone after coupe weeks stop smelling like oil :-RRB- recommended to everyone
 Product use for me so far
 A friend told me about this product for use on my guns for long turm storage.It works great and stays on unlike a lot of gun oils .
 This stuff works great as a rust inhibitor and metal protector . I used it in conjunction with Evaporust to first remove rust with extremely good results . I wish I had known about these products years ago .
 worked good im using to water proof my rc electronics in my brushless rc cars used on mamba monster speed control
 This product was recommended by another boater so we gave it a try - works great . We re-ordered as a gift for another boater .
 I use this to prevent corrosion on my motorcycles . It is the perfect product for that purpose . It is the best product I have found for this purpose in 50 years of
 This showerhead is just what I needed . Because of my disability , it is nescessary to shower using a transfer bench and I was wasting a lot of precious water ! This is only a SHOWERHEAD and does not include a hose , but it hooked right up to my existing hose . It has a fixed spray pattern , but feels just right . On pause , it allows only a small trickle of water to flow . It is of very good quality -LRB- Delta brand -RRB- and construction and I 've already dropped it onto the tub floor quite a few times with no damage to it ! If you need a good showerhead with a pause control , I highly suggest this one . So buy it and save that precious -LRB- and costly -RRB- water !!
 We purchased two . One goes on a laundry tub hose attachment and the other goes on a tub/shower hose attachment . The threaded fitting attaches to the hose as it should and the on/off feature operates as it should . These things need to be relaced periodically because the small holes get calcified and they can not be dismantled for cleaning . You go to the big box stores and all the have is a bunch of expensive fancy stuff -LRB- hose included -RRB- that I do n't need .
 I needed to find a solution for reducing our water bill . Watering out lawn and showering seem to be one of our biggest water usages . This shower head allows you to set the water temperature to your liking and pause it while shaving , conditioning , etc. . The button is simple to push on or off - arthritis friendly . The spray setting is fixed -LRB- no other selection -RRB- . It is standard - full shower medium to hard spray . We like it .
 I wanted a replacement shower head that was not overly expressive , if you know what I mean . Other products I can get from local Walmart was either packed with a hose or to extravagant-looking . Although I think $ 13 is not so much of a &#34; bargain &#34; price -LRB- hence one star off -RRB- , this shower head is simple and easy to use . I simply screwed it onto the hose I had and it was done . Water pressure of the spray is modest . I would n't ask much more for a replacement stuff . -LRB- Although I wonder if I 'm going to use the water stopping feature very much -RRB-
 After buying a vacation home , I needed to fix the shower-head in the master bath . The existing one used the pin/pole system , and all I could find in the home improvement centers were complete replacement kits . I needed only the head to replace the original owner 's Alson which was full of lime accretion that could not be removed . The new Delta head is perfect , and increased the pressure of the shower -LRB- the whole house is set to a lower pressure -RRB- . It was easy to install with no tools required . My only complaint is that the new button -LRB- which slows the flow of water to a trickle -RRB- is much more sensitive than the old one was . Otherwise I would have given this item five stars .
 This adjustable sprayer makes it possible for us to bathe our great dane at home . Water flow turns on and off with a flick of the switch and with an extended hose we can easily bathe our big girl at home in the bathtub .
 My husband recently underwent a knee reconstruction and prior to his surgery , I reviewed his post operative care requirements and realized that he would be in a full leg brace accompanied by a tens device and was instructed to keep all water away from both . I anticipated that bathing would be quite challenging so decided to purchase this not for the aesthetics but simply because it offers a button that allows you to quickly minimize the water flow.This item was a reasonable price that comes with only the shower head itself -LRB- hose extension sold separately -RRB- and arrived quickly . Installation was easy &#8211; peazy although did require a bit of &#8220; elbow grease &#8221; to tighten the nozzle to where water would not leak from the original shower pipe . This does not completely stop the water flow however , has a convenient button which immediately slows the flow down to a soft trickle which we found really helpful . I did elect to purchase a grip to hold the spout , otherwise when not in use , the hose would be left to hang down freely.As an unexpected use , we have two dogs -LRB- 80 pound boxers -RRB- who are not exactly water dogs and this device has really simplified their batching process to where it is less stressful -LRB- for us all -RRB- !
 This is a very handy tool to have around.I remember buying this at Walmart about 3 years ago and it has n't disappointed me at all . Heavy duty scissors like will cut what other regular cutters ca n't . The busiest time this tool sees is Christmas with all the kids presents . Opening up some of the boxes , twist ties , straps , plastic clips is no match for this . It sure beats using a knife or regular scissors to get their toy out.As for a home job use . I 've used this to cute thin metal , heavier duty plastics and the other likes . I just used this today to measure and cut some thicker weather stripping for our front door as winter is near . I was quite surprised there was no other reviews on this so I decided I would write one up.SUMMARY
 These are not a large or big size of hand snips , but I wanted to get something that was little smaller or lighter to handle or hold because the larger snips sizes get heavy to use or hold onto after a while when using with trim work on a house or with coil cutting out fascia for a house . So far no problems , I have used these once to cut 50 ft of metal coil into 6-8 inch wide and 4-6 ft long pieces of house fascia and the cuts are clean and perfect , looks good after a cut . And these snips cut very easily not hard to use at all , and can hold and cut with one hand without getting tired .
 I work with aluminum sheet metal . These shears are perfect , not as big as some of the shears out there . They make clean cuts that require a minimum of clean up/smoothing .
 This is a great sander with all the attributes of its bigger brothers in a space saving machine . It 's very precise once the digital read-out is set up which is easy to do . It 's a heavy duty machine that is built to last , it is very heavy though , so it 's not really made for a mobile base like those cheap light duty sanders on the market . Changing belts is a snap , and it has the oscillating feature that runs off compressed air that virtually prevents straight lining on your sanding projects . I 've owned other powermatic products that I 've been very happy with , so I thought I 'd give the 1632 sander a try after looking at all the other cheap small machines out there . I 'm sure this machine will outlast the competition hands down , no cheap parts here . Perfect for the artisan with limited space . Highly recomended
 This open ended wide belt sander is a real gem of a machine . It 's a tremendous upgrade from any drum sander . You can easily change sanding belts/grits quicker than 48 '' wide belt machine or any drum sander . The sanding belt guide system works well and acts as an oscillator to minimize scratch patterns . The 5 HP belt drive powers through just about anything but it 's not a planer.I compared this machine side by side with similar bargain brands and noted considerable differences . Powermatic pneumatic and electrical systems are first class . The belt roller support bearings are larger and can be greased . The table raise/lower is extremely accurate with a double reduction jack that moves the table only .014 per handle rotation . I have made veneer as thin as .030 thick + / - .005 tolerances . Other brands use a single reduction lifts that raise/lower approximately .120 per handle rotation . I am not sure how accurate or repeatable those other sanders are but the Powermatic is right on . Some of the bargain brands use a short length belt with a single contract point roller , that can lead to wood burning and belt filling/plugging like a drum sander . The Powermatic uses a shoe just like the expensive 48 '' models . I have yet to burn wood or plug the belt on this PowermaticThe optional digital readout helps get you to size fast but it is pricey . You may be able to find an after market digital thickness gauge for less . When you are close to the final size , send the board through the machine a couple times without raising the table height anymore . That works with any drum sander too.I have used it for 5 years without problems . I added a Delta mobile base and replaced the front lift wheel with an angle iron to connect the lift/trolley from my Laguna bandsaw . I can easily move the sander into the middle of the shop to handle long broads . I also 3/8 '' tapped the end of the table lift hand wheel shaft and locked in a bolt , which lets me quickly raise/lower the table with a small impact driver . This is not the safest thing to do but I am a one man shop and very careful not to get it moving too fast.One word of caution when changing the belt , make sure to get the sanding belt in between the guide control fork in the rear of the machine . Failure to position it right will destroy a belt in seconds . Do n't be in a hurry , open the back of the machine and double check it !
 This open ended wide belt sander is a real gem of a machine . It 's a tremendous upgrade from any drum sander . You can easily change sanding belts/grits quicker than 48 '' wide belt machine or any drum sander . The sanding belt guide system works well and acts as an oscillator to minimize scratch patterns . The 5 HP belt drive powers through just about anything but it 's not a planer.I compared this machine side by side with similar bargain brands and noted considerable differences . Powermatic pneumatic and electrical systems are first class . The belt roller support bearings are larger and can be greased . The table raise/lower is extremely accurate with a double reduction jack that moves the table only .014 per handle rotation . I have made veneer as thin as .030 thick + / - .005 tolerances . Other brands use a single reduction lifts that raise/lower approximately .120 per handle rotation . I am not sure how accurate or repeatable those other sanders are but the Powermatic is right on . Some of the bargain brands use a short length belt with a single contract point roller , that can lead to wood burning and belt filling/plugging like a drum sander . The Powermatic uses a shoe just like the expensive 48 '' models . I have yet to burn wood or plug the belt on this PowermaticThe optional digital readout helps get you to size fast but it is pricey . You may be able to find an after market digital thickness gauge for less . When you are close to the final size , send the board through the machine a couple times without raising the table height anymore . That works with any drum sander too.I have used it for 5 years without problems . I added a Delta mobile base and replaced the front lift wheel with an angle iron to connect the lift/trolley from my Laguna bandsaw . I can easily move the sander into the middle of the shop to handle long broads . I also 3/8 '' tapped the end of the table lift hand wheel shaft and locked in a bolt , which lets me quickly raise/lower the table with a small impact driver . This is not the safest thing to do but I am a one man shop and very careful not to get it moving too fast.One word of caution when changing the belt , make sure to get the sanding belt in between the guide control fork in the rear of the machine . Failure to position it right will destroy a belt in seconds . Do n't be in a hurry , open the back of the machine and double check it !
 What a great product . Good fit and function . Operates like a dream and has the horsepower to do the job .
 This is a game changer for anyone who is interested in taking a tree from standing to board . If you havent gone online and looked at videos of al the stuff you can do with this , you should , then come back and get one . They are an amazing tool and literally a `` game changer '' if you are at all interested in building with timbers .
 I bought this for a plant to climb up indoors ; the branches were getting out of hand and looking so messy . This has created a shape and the plant is very happy now .
 I recently purchased a house and wanted to do some simple remodeling and redecorating . Being a 65 year old female , I needed tools and techniques that would n't tax my strength , energy and ability . The Black and Decker Project Mate worked great especially in refinishing my kitchen cabinets . I especially appreciated the ability to get into corners with the sander and having the ability to put a new corner sanding strip on without changing the entire sanding strip
 The only problem I have found is the screwdriver attachment is a bit cumbersome for tight spots - it worked well putting up curtain rods , but had difficulty putting in child safety locks in drawers and cupboards due to tight spaces.Sanding and scaping functions well , overall a very nice value .
 This tool works great as a drill and screw driver . It has the potential for additional tasks with the included attachments which I have not used . I like that it is versitile , easy to change from bit to driver and a great find at the Amazon price . I recommend this tool for anyone that has to maintain their home .
 Like Black & Decker ` sCordless Powered HandiSaw , theAlligator , theirCordless Power ScissorsandCordless Screwdriver with Articulating Head , Black and Decker has another winner with this set . The Black and Decker Project Mate is one versatile , compact set of tools ! Perfect for those times when I need smaller sized tools to get into confined places . It comes with a tool bag that holds everything in the set with room to spare . I added my B&D ; Handisaw , so everything I need is in the bag . ~ The Boss
 I bought this item to primarily use as a paint scraper . In that function it does very well . I expected it to work in a reciporicating motion but found it works in a vibrating motion -LRB- so it does n't appear to be moving too much -RRB- . When I first turned it on I was apprehensive , but once I put it to the paint it seemed to work well . The sanding attachment seems to work well also . The drill attachment ? I do n't know ... I have n't used it . I have plenty of other drills I prefer to use .
 I got this for my sister for Christmas and she really liked it . She loves to rehab homes in her spare time so I think she will use it alot .
 I have used this tool twice since I got it a few weeks ago . I purchased it for myself so I would n't be dependent on my husband to lend me his -LRB- very heavy , professional -RRB- tools or to do simple things for me like drilling holes and putting up screws etc. . It is easy to set up and to use and comes with a convenient storage bag that holds the main body and all of the attachments . I have n't used the paint stripper attachment , and am not sure I ever will because I do n't think I 'll be stripping any paint , but I will probably look into other attachments and my husband has given me a set of different size drill bits that will fit in it and expand the scope of what I can do with it . I recommend this tool for light duty work and it might even be good for heavier projects . My big problem now is keeping my husbands hand off it !
 I got this and used it with my daughter and son-in-law . We all found it easy -LRB- and fun -RRB- to use .
 Fans were very easy to install . Nice for bedrooms for the price . Much nicer than fans you may buy at big box stores for about the same price . Gives off very appropriate amount of light for the room . I bought 4 of these for each bedroom in my home and only had to balance one of them . The only thing I may have changed would be that the pull chains come down through the glass globe and you have to make sure they are perfectly lined up .
 Good price and product is as expected . Works with my Ideal punch tool and after a thourogh search of the net this was the best I could find .
 Very solid slides . I mounted a piece of heavy stainless steel on these to make a shelf in our kitchen , and they feel solid enough that you could stand on them , extended . The drilling is flexible enough to allow for lots of mounting points for both the shelf being supported and the surface you 're attaching to . This is an outstanding product and feels and operates well .
 Hard to get too excited about a hacksaw , but this one truly is different.First it gives several different ways to hold the blade which really comes in handy for tight spots.But the low profile angle selection has to be the best thing about this saw . Most hacksaws are really tough to get started in the cut , espically when working with metals . Even if you have the tension right it 's hard to get the right angle and still put wieght behind it . The low angle makes starting a cut a breeze . I cut through hardened round tool steel that would have most saws skating across the steel without a single skip.The storage makes it easy to have 2-3 spare blades on hand wherever you take it , the handle is comfortable to use , the tension is easily adjustable to hold the blade rock steady.Yeah it 's more money than the economy saws , but spend the money and save the frustration
 This was very easy to grip . The blades were easy to remove and lock in . I loved the storage , for the blades , within the handle . Did the the job !
 Purchased this as a gift for my son and he says that this isreal good saw .
 With the Hot Knife tools , the dual power selectibility and the excellent base station with holding clamps , this is excellent for use in my R/C Airplane hobby .
 the interchangable tips are perfect for many craft projects !! i have never used it for soldering , but for all the applications that i have tried it works great . the sponge is useful , but if you use it often expect to replace it soon . the stand is very useful and keeps me from burning myself , my table , or anything that i dont want heated . however after 3 months of pretty heavy use it has ceased to heat . i did not purchase this through amazon and have had some trouble getting the company i purchased it from to replace it . but even if they dont i will intend to buy another one . i have found no other craft iron on the market that even compares to the features and usability of this one . i just wish my local hardware store carried it .
 The arms made to assist you holding objects while working on them are much better than I expected . The product is as advertised .
 the only thing I found that I did n't like was that the knife blade fall out when used . But other than that every thing else works good . Used it on several things , plastic , wood , metal . Just because the knife wont stay in I still think it is a wonderfull product -LRB- Black & Decker dual - temp sodering and craft iron -RRB- . I enjoy it a lot . . Thank you
 This is without a doubt the absolute best soldering tool I have ever used , and I am really OLD.Thank You for the best product.Thanks Ernie
 I use this to swap out parts on electric guitars and it works wonderfully . It heats up quickly , does the job , and is easy to use . I have n't even tried the other tips yet . My only improvement would be for the clips to come off and be reattached . They could work as heat sinks as well as to hold components .
 The Black & Decker Dual-Temp Soldering Iron is an ideal utility soldering tool . It provides high heat when needed and the lower setting is perfect for those more sensitive jobs and it heats to temp rapidly.The base unit is just the right size , stabile and the storage box is ideal as well . I would recommend this to anyone who requires a utlity soldering iron for household jobs .
 Burns softer woods -LRB- bass -RRB- like butter ! Have to let it get really hot for harder woods like birch though .
 Length :
 I give this 4 stars for the only flaw with this item , one i think that manufactures should already see , the base although over all good , would be even better if a little heavier . The spring could have been a little stiffer . With that said , the base has a hidden drawer in the back that is nice for the extra bits . The flex arms work great -LRB- but remember not a great amount of weight can be held here due to base -RRB- The iron fits nice in hand and stays cool the indicator could be better not really a necessary item . I like this iron and if you need a good iron on your bench or need for your craft work I would not hesitate to buy this one the iron is sturdier than others regardless of the base . I feel B&D used good sense in the construction of this item even to putting a wet pad tray to clean tips right there on the base this is vary handy
 This was a gift for my son-in-law . I am not sure that he has used it yet but seemed pleased with the purchase . He was excited that it solders both plastic and metal .
 I have had this kit for a few months now and it is great ! I so special soldering for wires and this item it great ! The tips give me many options and the Soldering stand keeps me from accidental burning.But i must say a con is that the wire always gets in the way . There should be a way to stop it because i have burned it a few times and now there is alot of electrical tape around those spots.Besides that this item is great !
 I love this soldering set . It was just what I needed and I did n't have to break the bank to get it . Does everything that I need it to do.Would buy again !!!
 I bought this table saw 3 years ago . Used it to put in my Pergo flooring . Since I only paid $ 80 for it , I was ok with the quality and performance . Here are the issues : When you first turn it on there is a a huge inrush current spike to the point where you can smell the motor getting too hot at startup . So I bought a router speed control for $ 30 to give it a slow start . That helped out quite a bit . Also the blade is not exactly square to the edge so your cuts are a tiny bit off .
 The Ryobi Saw performs well for my application . It is very light weight . It cuts well and comes with a great blade . Table is small and requires some creativity to cut large pieces of material . All in all is serves me well at the price I paid .
 Good for a basic table saw . Used it for laminate flooring to make the lengthwise cuts . Worked well even for factory reconditioned .
 It works like a charm . Good quality for the price . Hope you get free shipping , though , because this one 's heavy !
 Shipped in good time and was the correct material of construction I was looking for . But the screw holes are too far apart to fit my shower stall .
 It is hard to write a review for this product as I hope to never need to use it , however it installs easy with the included bracket , it has a charge dial , and it is just the right size -LRB- not too puny as be too unless and not too big to be hard to handle -RRB- . I installed one near my kitchen and one in my upstairs closet . The piece of mind of having it is worth the price .
 My husband and I tried to install a wood burning stove on the cheap -LRB- terrible idea ! -RRB- , and I 'm just glad that I insisted that we buy a fire extinguisher first . About 15 fires in , it got a little too hot and the sealant on our flue system melted / burst into flames . Hot , burning sealant was dripping in our living room ! Luckily , my husband grabbed the extinguisher and put the flames out quickly . This extinguisher worked just as it was supposed to . We had no permanent damage to our home . We 've since gotten a more professional installation for our system , but you can be sure I keep our extinguisher close by . We just got ours refilled , which only cost about $ 7 .
 The units were delivered in a short period of time and were exactly as advertised . I will continue to business with this merchant as he makes me feel like a valued client .
 I bought this for my apartment upstairs , and I am sure it will work great ! -LRB- hope I never have to use it , but feel safe having it there ! -RRB-
 Great service , arrived early and everything was in perfect condition . Would definitely do business with them again .
 I used the HYDE TOOLS # 45200 Window Open Tool to open three windows that were painted shut on a 60 + year old house . On a prior attempt I used a standard utility knife , a putty knife , and a wood chisel without success . At a loss to open the stuck windows a professional house painter told me I needed the right tool for the job . I bought the Hyde tool on line from Amazon . After `` on the job '' training I began to make headway . The tool had a spear point with `` saw teeth '' on the edges . A sawing action cut the old layers of paint on a wooden window frame . The blade is thin enough to work between the window and frame to cut through glue like old paint holding the window shut . A word to the wise , it only cuts paint , it wo n't take abuse from prying . The metal handle on mine cracked above the rivets . I used a borrowed `` wonder '' type blue pry bar to pry the window open , I do n't remember the brand but it a more useful design than my old model pry bar . I used the excellent Bessey folding utility knife to cut a groove in the paint to start and finished up with the Hyde tool . I would buy another HYDE Window Open Tool without hesitation .
 The standard use for this product is to cut loose painted shut windows . And I assisted in this standard use . But I also use it for an alternate use.Weeding . Slide the triangle shape blade just under the surface of the earth under the weed and push . The weed is cut loose from its deep roots and is easy to pull . Works great.The tool is well made and rugged and it works great for its intended purpose also .
 We needed this tool for work while in another state . It was impractical to get the one from home . We prefer the old style with the handle made of wood . We could n't find one of those so chose this as next best . The cutting part still works as expected .
 You just have to have one of these . I 'm also using them as I wear them out to cut through caulking around casings as I tear out old windows to rebuild them . I find it easier to control in some situations than a utility knife is . But for opening windows ... the best . Do n't use a scraper . This is a million times better , and gives you a better finished product .
 As an amateur home improvement enthusiast -LRB- obviously very amateur since I painted my windows shut -RRB- I was amazed at how easy this tool is to use . Would recommend to anyone , very easy to use . You will probably need to do some touching up after you use it but at least your windows will open . This freed a stuck window in a matter of minutes - will not be struggling with a putty knife anymore .
 The case is nice and should last a long time . I 'm not a medical person , but I would have given it five stars if it contained a tooth saver . I hung it in the garage because I work on cars and other stuff a lot .
 As the title says , this is great for the car or a boat , even in a barn or stable . This was given to me as a present , and , if you know me , you know why !! Amazingly , I have yet to use it . The metal box is great , I have already stepped on it , dropped it in a parking lot and it tumbled out of the car and plopped into a good puddle , yet the contents were safe . Almost everything you will need is in the metal container . The only addition I wll be making is an ace bandage , probably the single sticky version , but I think there should be an ace bandage in every first aid kit . If you have a van or truck , it is able to be mounted inside of the vehicle , but the case fits just fine in the hatch of my PT -LRB- along with ALL sorts of other stuff -RRB- . So , 4 stars because it is what they say , minus one only because , from my past experiences I feel you should have an ace bandage in every first aid kit .
 Superior first aid kit for car/truck with extra room to add a few items of choice . Larger size is waterproof and seriously industrial for high strength . This is one fo the best first aid kits I 've seen on the market at this price point .
 I purchased this Medique # 807M1 as a sturdier water and dust resistant replacement for a plastic first aid kit that had developed weakened/unreliable latches over the years . Keeping in mind that it 's a large case , the metal is much heavier than the old plastic case . I immediately replaced some of the items included in the Medique kit with supplies from my old kit
 Just what I need it for my air compressor , prompt delivery and great price . I 'm really happy with this.Thank you .
 It has a VERY long reach and at its full extension it is still very stable and does not flex at all . Lets you paint very precise because of that . Great quality too !
 I ordered this and recieved it fast . This extention pole is very well made , will not bend , and very thick -- NOT LIKE a broomstick handle . I bought a brushto attach to it . Where I live we got tons of snow this winter and my metalawning on my patio partially collapsed due to the fact I did not clear the snow off . I will use this to clear the snow off in a heavy snowfall.Of course it can be used for anything . This pole can attach to a paint rolleralso .
 This was very easy to hang and is made of a sturdy/strong material . There are a nice variety of signs and colors on the border which go well with an a outdoor/camping theme . The seller -LRB- Paper My Walls -RRB- had the best price I found on the internet and in stores .
 I 've needed a saw saw for awhile for those jobs in close quarters with no room for a regular saw or hacksaw . Choose the DeWalt heavy duty corded version because I have other DeWalt tools and reviews were good . I was leery of battery powered big tools because too may reviewers complained about cordless tool batteries giving out in the midddle of a job . If you have power on site , recommed you stay with reliable corded tools . It made short work of cutting a dryer vent tube inside a wall . Easy to control and not too heavy . One issue - the adjustable shoe lock loosened from vibration and the shoe fell off , but I kept on without it . I also bought the DeWalt 6 blade kit . I received the saw three days after order and the blades in five days .
 I purchased this item as this years Christmas gift for my son-in-law . I 've owned this exact saw for over four trouble free years when I started an extensive shrub , flower garden , and patio project using 4x4 timbers for the frame that I had to cut to appropriate sizes . I also use it to prune heavier branches on trees in the yard . One of my neighbors had a huge tree blow down in the wind . This saw made short work of it and I used the logs to burn in my chiminea . I just ca n't emphasis how useful this tool can be . I bought my son-in-law a skill saw last year and a dremel before that , all from Amazon since I find I get the best or at least a compareable price , free shipping , no tax and no hassles . And I like that . ` Nuf said .
 I ordered this Reciprocating Saw for my son , who just bought a few acres in Oregon and a fixer upper home . He was ecstatic when he received it - as a surprise from me . I know nothing much about tools , but had read all the reviews and they were all good . To save on cost , I ordered a factory reconditioned saw . He tells me it is working wonderfully for them and was as good as new . This 12 Amp is a very good size for the work he and his wife needs to do.DEWALT DW310K 12 Amp Heavy-Duty Reciprocating Saw Kit
 I bought this saw for remodeling work . It was very efficient at cutting the materials that needed to be removed for the new wood to be placed in over the rotten parts . The only thing I did n't like is that a blade was not included in the kit .
 With an overall cost of just $ 94.00 , -LRB- including a $ 25.00 DeWalt discount -RRB- , I could n't go wrong . This is one powerful machine and does what is expected . I was going to get the 18V DC385 cordless model to replace a Craftsman , but could n't pass up the price . I am very happy with the quality reliability , and feel of DeWalt tools .
 I bought this Reciprocating saw on May 08 , 2011 just to work on a project and to save money . First , I went to my local Home Depot store to compare price and specification . It turned out Amazon was cheaper than the Home Depot , no tax and shipping cost . If you want to save money this is the way to go and I love my Reciprocating Saw , it give me enough power to tackle any project?Richard Ouk . Columbia , MO
 I am doing a whole basement job . This reciprocating saw definetely gets the job done . I would recommend this saw for anyone who is serious . I have used this product quite a few times since I bought it . It is a very rugged saw and I love that the blade it so easy to change compared to other reciprocating saws . I love this product .
 This is a heavy-duty piece of equipment that every handyman should have . Works great and can be used for wood , metal , etc. . Plenty of power .
 These adapters were lifesavers in a recent car repair job . I bought this product from Amazon.com LLC for $ 4.66 along with some other tools needed in order to make a car repair . While working on my vehicle , I noticed bolts were getting harder to remove with a 3/8 ratchet.I remembered this set had a 1/2 to 3/8 reducer adapter , so I quickly grabbed it , and got to work on the stubborn bolt with my 1/2 socket ratchet instead of my 3/8 . Being able to use the 1/2 ratchet with my 3/8 sockets , allowed me to apply more torque and I removed the bolts with ease . It allowed me to use a bigger more powerful ratchet and saved me from a couple cuts and knuckle bruises from struggling with a measly 3/8 ratchet under my vehicle.I am happy I spent an extra $ 5 with my order . This set is a must have for any ratchet/socket set . Great quality and product . TEKTON delivers once again .
 Held up to my cordless 1/2 &#34; impact wrench , which is what I bought them for . Not really too much to say about them .
 I gave 5 stars because as soon as I received this set I used it and it held up very well.I like the fact that it was very affordable and I 've used Tekton tools in the past.I highly recommend this set to friends .
 Used 1/2 down to 3/8 today to remove stubborn wheel studs - with a long breaker bar !! great quality . . wished it came with a little box but thats nothing , hate to lose one ! excellent set to combine any kind of socket / ratchet . Low low price and great quality .
 Wish I could have found these for a better price in a bigger grab-bag of bits and fittings . But , had to get em , and they work -- easy to release , fit snugly , have employed these while attacking some bolts that have n't seen daylight in 30 years , did n't warp or shear off , what more can I ask ...
 I 've been using this for a while now and they lock very well and i love having them i am a technician and its hard to find good items at a good price
 What can I say about these ? I 've used them a couple times since I 've gotten them -LRB- mostly for non-impact use -RRB- and have n't had a single problem with them . They seem very strong and I ca n't imagine breaking them like I 've broken some non-impact adapters . This set of four covers pretty much all my adapter needs at a great price .
 Very sturdy and excellent price . Ca n't always find a set that converts 1/2 to 1/4 . Completes my impact set nicely .
 Great price for a quality product , . Performs and meets or exceeds all OEM specifications , I would definitely recommend this to others .
 perfect i am pleased with this product . will be buying more from you guys . thanks , you saved me from looking all over for this .
 These things are great when you have multiple sized socket sets but you do n't want to carry a 1/4 &#34; , a 3/8 &#34; AND a 1/2 &#34; driver . Now I can use just a 3/8 &#34; and still use all of my sockets , as long as it does n't require more ft lb than a 3/8 &#34; driver can handle , but I have yet to run into that problem . So for the average user , this is a good set . Very strong .
 Do n't know if these will ever be used , but they might come in handy some day , and they are heavy duty .
 This is a set of nice black finish -LRB- not black chrome -RRB- adapters . I find these convinient when working with U-joints , with a small electric impact -LRB- to put lugs on while the car is in the air , dont forget to tighten with a torque wrench ! -RRB- and just generally useful for low torque applications . I feel like these will last .
 very handy when using different sockets & do n't ever have to change ratchets thats why I chose the different reducers
 These are high quality adapters that i can see lasting me up until i lose them . I suggest anyone who works on cars and has a large assortment of ratchets buy these . no more hunting down a different wrench for different sized ratchet heads .
 For the price this a good quality set . I use them all of the time and will keep using it .
 I should have gotten this set sooner . Like most typical toolbox owner , I have the metric and standard 3/8 '' socket set with a 1/4 '' adapter for the smaller sizes . However , when it comes to big jobs , you really need the 1/2 '' socket set . But how many of us can afford to carry another 1/2 '' socket set ? Problem solved with this adapter set . I can use the bigger 1/2 '' rachet -LRB- for better leverage -RRB- with the 3/8 '' sockets without buying a full set of 1/2 '' sockets.I should have bought this adapter sooner instead of buying loose 1/2 '' sockets that cost more . Now , I 'm ready to tackle the big rachet jobs -LRB- and the small ones -RRB- .
 I 'm very pleased with this Tekton 4957 impact adapter & reducer set . Look like good quality product . I did not have chance to use it but look good to me .
 This seems like a high quality set of adapters . It should last a long time . Happy with the purchased and the price was excellent .
 This product is exactly as described . It worked as intended too . It looks like a good quality product with a nice finish to it . I used the product in the low to medium torque range with no problem .
 This seems to be a good quality tool . I have only used it a few times so far , but I would recommend .
 item has not been used as of yet , so hopefully when it is used it will for for the job
 I needed a set of these for very little use . These were cheap and exactly what I needed . They seem to be of good quality . Have n't used them yet.I will update if they are bad .
 I bought this set of adapters last year and was very happy with them until 2 of them broke after moderate use . Being disappointed I posted a somewhat negative review of them here . Within a couple days I was contacted via email by a Tekton customer service rep apologizing for my bad experience and offering to send me a new set in the mail . I think it speaks volumes about a company when their reps read their own product reviews and take proactive actions like this to make sure their customers are satisfied . Because of this I 'll definitely Tekton tools again . Thanks again for the outstanding customer service !! A very satisfied customer , Zak
 Fits great and the sorted sizes work perfectly to attach sockets and ratchets with sizes 1/4 '' , 3/8 '' , 1/2 '' in every possible combination .
 Great set , only used a few times . I think this set is well worth the money . If you are looking for something to use in a shop every single day you may want to purchase something name brand . I use these weekly working in my garage , around the house , and on my cars and motorcycle . I have not had any trouble and the bits seems very durable .
 quality seems good . no moving parts , so thats a plus . does what is intended to do . great alternative to paying top dollar for name brand tools
 there cheap they works and they are in the sizes i need last cheap set i bought they half to 3/8 broke under heavy load with my impact theses how ever a great they were cheap enough that i abused they -LRB- tightening on full load till bolt snapped off -RRB-
 This item has just about everything I need in the way of a reducer or an adapter . I 'm just a home type do it yourselfer , and it nicely fits my needs . Good price .
 Good product , but you can not use for heavy duty ... . I would say not over 150 ft/lb ... I tried to use it to unsrew a very tight bolt that is most likely over 150 ft/lb in my car , and it broke ... . I think it 's a good product , but I probably used it passed its specificactions ... overall good product , a bit surprised that it broke though ...
 only thing i wish these had was a small carrying case as i tend to lose them in my cluttered tool box . take abuse well and have not broken one .
 You are asking me to write a review and I 've not yet had a chance to use . The adapters see just fine and will more than the job I want them for . Thank You , Otis
 These are like all products made by this company which I have used , very good quality . I use these with my impact driver which is powerful with great success .
 i do n't have an impact gun , but these are the cheapest i found for ratchets anyway , so far love them , tekton seems to be a pretty good company .
 So far these have performed as required , if they hold up than the price paid makes them quiet a steal . 4 stars because long term reliability can not be determined , but short term results are very good .
 These have definitely stood up well using them a dozen times on my pneumatic impact gun , although I much more frequently just use them on my hand wrenches . Have had no issues what so ever with them starting to `` twist '' or show any signs of failure . Included are the most common sized adapters you 'll need - 1/4 , 3/8 , 1/2 . For the price you ca n't beat this for a 4 set of adapters , especially one that will withstand the torque . I would probably consider a beefier set if I was going to use these regularly on an impact gun or heavy use -LRB- just like you would with most tools -RRB- , but these definitely work great for occasional use and a home garage .
 I Rely on these reducers for those many times when I just want to get it done and do n't want to pull out another tool box . These are a great addition for my impact drill box that goes to every job I 'm on . So far they take a pretty good beating . Easy to use but may fit as to what seems tight . But I find they wear less when they fit tight .
 This TEKTON 4957 Impact Adapter and Reducer Set , Cr-V , 4-Piece tool pack is being used with my portable drill to enhance the capabilities of this power tool and to save me the trouble of needing more power tools than I would ordinarily use . The tool set is well made and the price is low . They are a good buy . If anyone wants to spend a lot of money for a super tool set like these , there are businesses that will fill their orders .
 worth every penny . I mainly use them on my ratchet . I check out a bunch of other ones , I highly recommend these .
 Should be in the toolbox for those special occasions where you do n't have all the sockets you need that fit the driver . you can interchange them to make a matching set of sockets when you have different size sets , like 3/8 and 1/2 .
 Must have set of adapters for impact tools or regular tools . I 've had to use these frequently when I cant find the right socket . ; -RRB-
 Using adapters always risks applying too much torque , but keeping that in mind , these are the handiest thing you could keep in a tool box with only one socket wrench . While you still have all four they even click together for storage .
 We received the rack and started to put it together when we realized the comany had sent us two left pieces of the upper bat/club holder and no right piece . I called the 800 number and the customer rep was very apologetic . She sent out another complete sports equipment storage rack and we recieved the entire rack three days later . Now we have two , one for the garage for summer sports and one in the basement for winter sports . -LRB- minus the right piece -RRB-
 I needed a good rack for some of my sporty/crunchy things in the garage and this one fit the bill perfectly . Starting from the bottom up , the lowest rack works great for rollerblades , running shoes , and even a light bike rack . I 'm using the next basket for mountain biking gear and the two nets are holding helmets in one and will be nerf balls and yard toys in the other . The side hangers are nice to hang water bladders and camel backs from as well.The package came a little beat up from Amazon and I was missing a single net . However , I called the customer support 800 # at Racor and spoke to a very helpful rep who is having one shipped to me . The whole call took less than three minutes . Awesome!Works as advertised and inexpensive to boot .
 I recently ordered the Racor X-Rack Organizer and I love it!I assembled it myself without difficulty . It is well made and a good size to hold and organize most of our sports items . I would buy this again and highly recommend it to others .
 Great price for a great organizer . It 's strong and light weight . I bolted mine to the wall instead of setting it on the floor and it covers a decent amount of sports equipment . If you have a lot of stuff you may need 2 .
 Product is great . It 's very sturdy and relatively easy to put together . I bought two ; one for sports equipment and one for shovels , pails and other kids stuff . We use the bottom of the rack as a bike rack . What a great solution for organizing the garage .
 Awesome organizer for all our sports equipment . Looks great in our garage and very tidy . It came with a missing net but I called the company and they mailed me one out promptly . Great service if there 's a problem .
 We decided to try the racor x-rack to help us with organizing our kids outdoor gear to free up space in the garage . It is a great product - delivered as promised . Our garage now has more space and the kids can easily find what they need . They can also easily put things away . The unit was very simple to put together - 15 min tops . It is also light weight , easy to move around . Amazon had a very good price on the unit , the box did come beat up some , but the product was fine . I would order from Amazon again . I highly recommend this product if you have a lot of toys , sporting gear , etc cluttering up your garage .
 I had anticipated more problems assembling this based on a review here , but I did n't have any . My only comment is that threading the bolts to attach the basket would have been easier with a second person.The product is sturdy , holds lots of equipment , and is easy for the kids to use . This is a great product !
 I read the only other review on here and was hesitant to purchase this item . I ended up ordering two and I 'm glad that I did.I have 5 children and live in the northeast and needed something to hang and store my children 's winter clothes on and these are great!It sounds like the previous reviewer was putting the rack together upside down . You have to follow the directions and make sure that the holes for the metal basket are on the bottom . Not all holes are perfectly aligned , but if you screw them in part way and then tighten altogether it should workout fine.I now have two X-racks full of winter clothes that are able to hang dry in my playroom . I put two boot pans beneath the racks to keep our carpets dry . They work great!I almost ca n't wait for summer to come so we can store our bats , balls , gloves and nets on them .
 A little flimsy , but I think it will hold up . Holds quite a bit of stuff . Package was missing some items -LRB- caps and 4 bolts -RRB- and one of the nets was torn .
 This is great . It 's cheaper to buy from Amazon than from Target . It 's a bit difficult to install but great product .
 We used the storage rack to clean up the sports clutter in our garage and it passed the test marvelously . Our favorite thing about it is that it 's so versatile and allows us to store so many different kinds of equipment - both the big boy and little boy stuff . I do n't have another storage system to compare it to , but perhaps that is also testimony because it got the job done . A great buy from our perspective !
 I read the reviews before purchase so I knew that there might be problems with assembly . Mine arrived in a very worn box that had several rips to it . It did not damage the integrity of the parts , but several nuts/bolts were missing . The problem was that those parts are measured in mm rather than inches , so it was more challenging to find replacements at Home Depot , but we were able to.Putting it together was a bit of a challenge . As others have noted , the holes do not always line up correctly . So , it took my husband and I working together to get it assembled . As long as you have patience , you should be ok . It does work very well for the job and makes finding all our sports equipment easy ... we keep it by the front door , so it also encourages the kids to want to play outside more .
 Great storage product . We use ours in the garage - it 's sturdy and fits the kids ' baseball and soccer equipment and shoes well .
 This sports rack is made well with the exception of the netting . The only problem is the nets started to fall apart after two years . Not sure how I 'm going to replace them . I looked all over to buy a sports rack in a b and m store but could n't find one so of course I turned to my best friend Amazon .
 Provides great Organization to my cluttered garage . Little un-sturdy but so far no issues with it tipping over . Would recommend this product to organize all your sports equipment .
 This review is about the 6-to-12-foot pole . I had to order it twice . The first shipment was never delivered . It disappeared from the UPS tracking system . Amazon sent a replacement promptly , but it arrived damaged . The extension pole would not lock in place . I 'd guess that the pole was hit during shipping and the internal locking pin broke . The pole was packed merely in a plastic bag , without padding . I recommend buying this item in a store . The pole itself seems well made .
 When you push in the handle lever , the pole extends from both ends . It has a very comfortable foam cushion grip on most of the pole . It is built solid from aluminum . When a professional painter came over to paint my house I let him use my tools , and this is the one tool that went missing . I guess he liked it . I bought another one because the comfort and adjustable reach helps increase endurance on lengthy painting projects . I found the 2 ' to 4 ' length most practical . With the standard threads on the end this can be used for more than just paint rollers ; it can be used for many cleaning attachments as well .
 This unit features some up fits that explain the price .1 . the variable speed dial . . allows you to pick a speed and stay there no matter what the trigger preasure .2 . the ability to turn off the orbital action for more fine cuts that trac straighter and for cutting other sensitive materials like pvc or such3 . the power and build 13 amps is huge and handy in the extreme for demo and framing.All this , a nice case , and a great reliable unit.cons - do n't really like the blade change system . It has a tight and stable lock but it is a pain with gloves as it is a knurled twist lock and worst yet with a hot blade it can be down right pain -LRB- or burn as the case may be.on the whole its a minor inconvience and I solved th issue for myself by finding thin well fitting framing gloves that I leave in the case for use with this tool when needed -LRB- such as when removing old cast waste pipes or such that can really heatup and eat blades -RRB-
 I bought the DW311K to replace my old reciprosaw . I had looked closely at Milwaukee since that what I used on the job most often years ago , but they are nowhere near the same quality product they were back then and I have heard about way too many problems with the gears and clutch mechanisms failing on their newer saws , so no thanks.This 13-Amp Dewalt has plenty of power for anything I 've come up against.It 's nowhere near as smooth running as the old 4.5-Amp Milwaukee , but the vibration is certainly no worse than the older Porter Cable Tiger Saw or Makita JR3000 that I also used frequently in the past.It has a 1-1/8 '' blade stroke as opposed to the newer Milwaukee 's 1-1/4 '' stroke , but I do n't really see that 1/8 '' as much of a factor when chewing through wood , especially in the orbital-cut position . It cuts through PVC , steel pipe and EMT easily in the straight-cut position.The speed control is a separate dial located on the side of the D-handle , instead of in the switch itself , so you do n't have constantly maintain your finger position or keep it mashed down to maintain the cutting speed you want.The two-position , quick change blade clamp ring mechanism is made of stainless steel and is fairly easy to use . You can put the blade in upside down for easier flush-cutting into a corner . The tool-less adjustable shoe is easy to use and IMO , should be standard equipment on any reciprosaw.The only thing I do n't care for is that the storage case is n't big enough to place the saw in with a blade installed , so you need to remove the blade to fit it back in the case . I guess Dewalt figured this would n't be a problem because of the quick change clamp , but I think its lame.Other than that minor gripe , I like this saw and would have no problem recommending it .
 This is the third Dewalt saw I have owned in 11 years . Being hard on tools when using them comes with my job . These stand up to what ever I have done . Cutting plaster and metal lath ceilings , oil tanks , steel , copper and brass pipes . You name it . When looking for a fast tool built strong this is the only tool of choice .
 I 'm really happy with the saw itself . I 'm a heavy DIY type and use this for a variety of projects.The only complaint that I have is that the case is a joke.It is just to small . It requires alot of extra effort to get the cord in while you close it.Also the orbital switch on the body of the saw pushes or dimples out the side of the saw case when you close it.I would expect this from a case from a cheap $ 30 saw but when you pay a premium price the case should match .
 I long been a owner of DeWalt tools and the need for a larger Reciprocating saw I need not think of any other brand . The DW311K 13 amp saw gives the power needed for the type of work I do .
 Gave to my husband as a Christmas gift , he really liked it . He been using it in his workshop regularly .
 This -LRB- Dewalt 13-Amp Reciprocating Saw #DW 311K -RRB- was a Christmas gift for my father and he loves it . The only negative is that it did n't come with any blades so you ca n't use it right out of the package . Thankfully , when purchasing , I received a $ 25 credit for buying Dewalt Tools via Amazon and used that to buy the blades .
 Works very well , but seems cheaply made . I do n't think it would fair very well in a fall .
 The item I ordered -LRB- as pictured -RRB- , was not the item I received . I returned the item they shipped as it was not the item I wanted . The surf racks I wanted -LRB- as pictured -RRB- are made by Rocky Racks . They shipped a different brand and style .
 I had purchased one of these several years ago and when I needed one for a second bicycle I was a bit disappointed from reading the product review . But I went ahead and made the purchase . No problems with the rack whatsoever ! The arms are strong , assembly was easy , and my Trek is now hanging from my loft . I used the provided assembly hardware and a bit of wood glue just for good measure . Again , no problems at all . It 's an attractive-looking little rack for a single bike .
 I like this light fixture 's design and materials ; however , it has a smaller visual impact than I wanted . I have it on a dimmer switch and used 12 watt LED bulbs . This arrangement really kicks out the light so it does the job of lighting the area over the kitchen island very well . I did use a contact gell on the screw in base of the light bulbs to avoid any possible corrosion issues since the light fixture has aluminum sockets . I have received several compliments on the light so not everyone thinks it is a bit too small .
 It 's a little expensive but you get what you pay for .
 Completely satisfied with this light fixture . Very good looking ! Great Value . I love it !
 the lights are lovely , a great bargain , easy to install , and i was impressed with what a difference they made to the attractiveness of my entry way .
 I now only use Kreg products ever since I found the Kreg Jig a few years ago.Amazon is the just about only place I can find to buy these screws , they are becoming scarce anywhere else . the washer head is perfect , the bit that comes with the jig fits in the washer-head just right and it never slips for me . I have yet to have a screw strip on me . These screws make a = every project quick and simple .
 These , as with all Kreg screws I 've tried -LRB- which includes at least 7 size/thread type combinations -RRB- , are top of the line screws . I 've never had one break , and I 've really torqued some of them -LRB- with an impact driver -RRB- harder than they were intended . In contrast , I 've broken several generic home-center screws ; the heads tend to twist right off unless you 're driving them into a waxed pilot hole in white pine . Not Kreg screws - they 'll pull themselves into anything that your driver has enough torque for . I still tend to use pilot holes in harder woods , not because the screw wo n't make it , but because the wood will most likely fail -LRB- crack -RRB- before the screw stops or breaks.I use these occasionally for pocket holes , and of course they 're excellent in that application . More often , though , I use them for general-purpose fasteners . The square recess drive is much more solid and reliable than philips , which was DESIGNED to cam out before you can put too much torque on it . Also , the screws tend to balance on the driver bit , so you can work a little easier one-handed . Kreg 's threads are well-formed and very consistent - you just do n't see squished tips or mal-formed threads like you do with generic screws.I also like to use them in walls to hang pictures , tools in the basement , etc. . The flat head and partially-smooth shank make them ideal as small hangers.And finally , Amazon 'd bulk prices ca n't be beat.Highly recommended !
 These are a great value for the money . Genuine Kreg brand . I can get 1000 with free ship rather than 500 from a home improvement store . Just plan ahaead a little bit so you dont run out like I sometimes do . Just fill up my old box with a couple of hundred and use them for the reserve supply .
 I have n't used my pocket hole system yet , but I will . What can I say ? You got ta have screws to do the job !
 They are screws with square heads , what else do you need to know . They work , they hold two pieces of wood together .
 I 've found that the fine threads are more versatile than the coarse . These work in all hardwoods , and most softwoods as well . BUT BE CAREFUL -- these tighten down very quickly , so you 'll want to either use a handheld screwdriver or a cordless drill/driver set to medium torque . -LRB- Hardwoods like Oak can take a higher torque , but if you use the fine threads into pine or any type of plywood -LRB- including birch and oak -RRB- , these will tear through on higher driver settings -RRB- . This size works for all Kreg joints involving 3/4 &#34; to 3/4 &#34; workpieces . An unbeatable price at this volume .
 these little screws go with the KREG joiner kit they work fantastic , why did n't I think of that ?????
 I really like the Kreg system for assembly of cabinets and face frames . These screws , being aimed at hardwoods , are used on the faceframe . They are specifically made for the system and seem to hold very well .
 Great quantity and quality . Excellent price . Note that these are not square drive , they are phillips head ... I bought an extra square drive which was unusable but had a longer Phillips driver head so all was good . I do like the way the square drive mates with the screw heads better , less slipping .
 very high quality and inexpensive.easy to use and saves time and glue . using the pocket hole screws makes for shorter clamping time and speeds up assembly
 Wow , I just checked the price of these as of 04/07/12 , and a price drop , wow you ca n't go wrong . . HD sells these as a 100 count for four bucks . so you ca n't go wrong buying in bulk . . I do n't see why not . I got my screws in a nice timely manner , I did the super saver shipping so ... . The screws arrived in great packaging , no complaints . The screws are phillips head style screws with the square hex design in the middle . You can use either , I use the square . Not really much else to say other than a good product , that is well worth the value if you are into building projects for home ... Also look into the corse screws .5 stars ...
 I built shelving using Kreig joints and they worked extremely well . However , I found the coarse screws had considerably better holding strength compared to the fine threaded versions .
 Jig works great . I love face frame construction . Screws are great , no pre drilling . Easy to use and to be accurate with . Works with several thicknesses . Very tough construction . Looks as though it will last and last . Replaceable bushings gaurantee it . Kreg makes fantasctic products .
 Kreg screws are like most of their other products , well made . I have used about half of the box and have not had any issues . They are all sharp and cut correctly . The box is even stout enough to not worry about it falling apart before the screws are gone .
 I can now produce custom cabinets on-site with half the equipment previously required and in a fraction of the time , Excellent for small projects where time is an issue , carefull screw selection is important or you can split the wood otherwise no problem with this tool
 Do n't buy the generic brand -LRB- or any other brand for that matter -RRB- of Pocket Hole screws . I 've been there and have been greatly disapointed . Kreg screws are the best quality on the market and WELL worth the little extra cost . They are stronger and better in all aspects . I 've used the Kreg Jig for about 7 years now and have tried the rest in an attempt to ` save a buck ' . I 'm trying to save you the trouble.If you do n't have the Kreg Jig - Get one ! Its one of the most used tools in my shop . I would highly recommend it to the most experienced cabinet maker and to the home woodworking enthusiast . You will thank me .
 I use these screws to build face frames , cabinets , and boxes from hardwood -LRB- maple , oak , etc -RRB- and they work great . I have never had a piece of wood split from driving the screws in , due to the drill-points . And they work perfectly with the pocket hole jig . Highly recommended .
 I 'm on my 50th or so pocket hole and gaining much confidence as I go along . These screws are top notch , receiving all the torque the square drive can delivery . Highly recomended product .
 A Good bargain if you plan on building lots of frames using your kreg jig . These screws are made specifically for the Kreg jig tool . It 's hard to find these screws locally or they come in small bags or multi size packs . This is the size I use the most so I stocked up .
 inexpensive and effective . Much cheaper than buying at the local woodworking store .
 I 'll start by saying I 'm a home hobbyist , and my projects are getting more and more complex as I go along . I 've used mortise and tenon joinery for most of my furniture to this point , and any DIYer knows how difficult it is to make these joints perfect . I had bought a Kreg jig a few months ago but had n't used it yet . I am in the middle of making a dresser out of solid cherry and poplar , and one of my dust frames -LRB- with mortise and tenon joints -RRB- ended up twisted and unusable . I decided to redo it with pocket hole joinery.And boy am I glad I did ! It took about 1/10 the time -LRB- probably less -RRB- , and using the jig was so much easier than I was expecting . The frame is absolutely perfectly straight . The joints are flush and strong -LRB- I still use glue ... sorry , I trust Norm Abram -RRB- . Will I ever use mortise and tenons again ? Well , probably , but only on a through-tenon or one where the joint will be visible . Otherwise , I 'm sticking with pocket holes . I love the self-tapping screws and pan head . If you 're on the fence about getting one , get one . The price is right -LRB- $ 12 for 1000 screws ... that 's about a penny each ! -RRB- and even the basic jig is only $ 30 or $ 40 . GET IT .
 Every Kreg product I 've ever used -- and I have most of them -- is superb .
 Email from Dan Fisher , Product Support Specialist | Kreg Tool Company in response to my query about a recent shipment having a bright zinc rather than a bronze colored finish , `` The old screws that you are referring to have a dry lube coating . The new screws offer a zinc coating which makes them appear with a silver color . The screws themselves have not changed at all . Only the coating has changed between the two . The reason for the change was due to customer complaints about the oil leaving a residue on materials . With the new zinc coating this is resolved plus the screws last longer and drive easier . ''
 These -LRB- and the coarse option SML-C125 -RRB- are by far the only screws I reach for if they could be accommodated for my work . These are extremely well-made . The square drive prevents any slipping while driving with the correct bit , and the self-tapping works every time , removing the need to pre-drill a pilot hole .
 The Kreg SML-F125 's are the best `` washer head '' screws for a high torque glueless situation . Best I 've found anywhere . So there 's no confusion the `` SML '' are washer head not pan head .
 My wife uses this light for going out to our barn to feed minature horses and donkey 's . Ordered this extra bulb with the lantern it was broken in shipment , emailed Amazon and they very quickly sent another one , They are an excellent company to buy from .
 There are no `` non-mfgr '' replacement bulbs that will fit . Disappointed that ours got actually broken when lamp/lantern dropped onto the floor . At least Amazon had value price with free freight . Quality is what we always expect from DeWalt & fit just fine & packaged well .
 It replaced the original . It works great with no problems . I can recommend it to anyone who wants or needs one .
 This is an excellent , but very expensive , bulb for the Dewalt lamps.It is nigh on impossible to find the 6500k rated bulbs made by anyone else , so if your trade is that of a painter / decorator or a plasterer -LRB- drywaller in the USA I think -RRB- then you will really need these over the more common 4100k rated bulbs as these higher rated 6500k bulbs have the brilliant white light which really shows up any slight imperfections in your work enabling so you to rectify them before finishing a job.Its far easier to shine this lamp around a room than bother with the cumbersome mains powered site lights .
 i am satisfied with these products . it is pretty hard to rate a replacement part until you actually use it , which might be years from now . i do n't have time for this ! thank you for your concern .
 This light bulb works great ! After the original light ran out of juice -LRB- a LONG time after original purchase -RRB- I bought this one to replace it with ! Great item !!
 Needed a replacement for my Dewalt light . Works like it should could ask for more , what else can I say ?
 Find the part number and buy the Sylvania part . Sylvania makes this lamp and DeWalt packages it . If you get the DeWalt version , you will pay about double the Sylvania branded lamp . They are exactly the same , so why send more money to DeWalt than you have to ?
 Could n't find one locally . . ordered from my phone in the store while waiting to buy some other stuff :-RRB- Never understood why a company sells the light the bulb goes in , but no replacement bulb .
 Purchase went smoothly , product arrived in 2 days ! Awesome . I will most definately use Amazon again for future needs . I think the 20 work minimun is redundant .
 Strong , Solid , Provides Good Lighting , has -LRB- 4 -RRB- Pin-Plug contact points on the Lamps base for secure electrical contact that will not fail you during usage . The Lighting effect is good white light , and the 18V . DeWalt Florescent Light itself with this lamp make a great combination . You wo n't regreat buying it , and Amazon has great pricing on it .
 Can not review this item because i have n't used it yet . It is still a stored replacement .
 I bet you are thinking that someone who would write a review on a replacement light bulb is not very bright . Now that I think about it , you are probably right.This bulb is just like the one that was in the original product . What more can I say?Now that we can put links in reviews and what drove me somewhat crazy in the past is that I would get to a product page like this one that is a replacement part and then have to search/hunt for those other product pages to make sure that it was for the product I owned and this replacement part was the one I wanted . So in trying to be helpful to others , the links to the products this works in are : Dewalt DC527 Heavy-Duty 18-Volt Ni-Cad Fluorescent Area Light , Bare ToolDEWALT DC528 Heavy Duty 14.4 V / 12 Volt Fluorescent Area LightAs a side note , seriously , the reason I wrote this review is that I feel bad for products that do n't have a customer review written for them . Imagine if you were a product , living in the Amazon product catalog , seeing all the books , movies , watches , toys , DVD players and millions of other products that people so eagerly write a review for them out of love for those products ... and imagine no one would write a review for you ... if that was me , it seems like over time you would think you were not important and mentally fall into a dark place ... so hopefully in writing this review , I have brought some light into this products life in a small way ...
 This review is about the 6-to-12-foot pole . I had to order it twice . The first shipment was never delivered . It disappeared from the UPS tracking system . Amazon sent a replacement promptly , but it arrived damaged . The extension pole would not lock in place . I 'd guess that the pole was hit during shipping and the internal locking pin broke . The pole was packed merely in a plastic bag , without padding . I recommend buying this item in a store . The pole itself seems well made .
 When you push in the handle lever , the pole extends from both ends . It has a very comfortable foam cushion grip on most of the pole . It is built solid from aluminum . When a professional painter came over to paint my house I let him use my tools , and this is the one tool that went missing . I guess he liked it . I bought another one because the comfort and adjustable reach helps increase endurance on lengthy painting projects . I found the 2 ' to 4 ' length most practical . With the standard threads on the end this can be used for more than just paint rollers ; it can be used for many cleaning attachments as well .
 I love having a 25 ' cord on my saw , now most of the time I do n't need to hassle with an extension cord . The quality is better than the original cord I had .
 Bought this cord to replace a broken 8 ' cord . The 25 ' cord is perfect . No more having to use extension cords for the sawzall . Even if your original 8 ' cord is not broken , I recommend you buy the 25 ' cord . You 'll be happy you did .
 When my 8 foot cord on my Milwaukee hole gun began showing wear , I decided to replace it . I shopped around and found lots of options but really did n't know that a 25 foot version was available . I purchased the grounded -LRB- 3 wire -RRB- version in hopes of eliminating the need for extension cords . It certainly does that but I wish Milwaukee had decided to use heavier gauge wire on the cord . Technically , 18 gauge wire is within specs and Milwaukee has added plenty of insulation to make the wire more substantial and a bit more rugged . Still I would have rather seen a larger gauge wire at a 25 foot length . It works well though and the motor does n't seem to be heating up more than normal with extended use . I would have gladly paid more for a 12 AWG version though - so , no 5 star rating .
 for many smaller projects it lets me eliminate one more plug to get kicked loose .
 Quick lock cord does what it says . Very handy if you need to be around 25 feet from a wall receptacle . Just what I needed to extend the length of my Milwaukee drill . The $ 29 price however is outrageous . You can get a 25 foot heavy duty extension cord for around half the price . I bought this Quik-Lok 25 foot cord because I wanted my drill to look professional and neat . I am glad I bought it even though it was expensive . You only live once so have a ball .
 The product was high priced , but I could not get it locally . They had what I needed . A fuse type I use in my home furnance . Shipping was fast .
 I used these hole saws on vitreous china . The job was done neatly and quickly . I had started with a carbide grit hole saw , but , after hours of slow progress , decided to purchase these . The diamond dust hole saw took only minutes to complete the job . The carbide saw showed obvious signs of wear . The diamond dust saw looked as good as when I unpackaged it.You might note the lack of a pilot bit and wonder how to center your hole . I used a small piece of plywood into which I had cut a hole to the size of the diamond dust hole saw I was going to use . I centered my template and secured it with duct tape . Once the hole was started , I was able to remove the template and continue.Keep a spray bottle of water handy and frequently squirt the saw and material to keep it cool and lubricated .
 Great product . I used them to cut holes in 3/8 '' thick porcelain tiles . They take a while but they cut a nice clean hole without breaking the tile . Make sure to create a plumber 's putty berm around the area you are cutting and fill it with water . This will make sure that the saw stays cool during cutting .
 My wife saddled me with task of drilling through glass blocks for a Christmas craft . After breaking a block using a cone-shaped tile/glass bit , I found and bought these . They sliced through the glass like butter -LRB- make sure you use a plumber 's - putty berm to hold water around the drill site to keep things lubed . -RRB- These hole-saws are a real bargain , and work very well .
 Great product at the price . I 've only tried one of the bits so far but , it worked flawlessly .
 I bought these to install faucets and vessel sinks in granite . I drilled about 20 holes in kitchen and three bathrooms and saw no dropoff in cutting ability . I noticed some reviewers have complained about no pilot drill but you do n't need one . Just carefully start drilling by angling the drill onto the surface . Slowly tilt to vertical until you get a ring started . Take plumbers putty and make a ring around the hole and fill with water . Drill through the water filled circle gently rocking the bit . In no time you will have clean perfect hole
 I have used these so far only on ceramic tiles , they worked very well . At first , I was a little skeptical on these cutters , but to my surprise they worked great on ceramic .
 I have drilled 4 1-5/8 holes on a marble slab , it was great . Worked like a charm . And it does not slip around on the surface .
 Used these on granit and travertine and no issues . I do n't drill enough holes to see how they hold-up but they seem solid and so far do n't seem to have lost much diamond dust .
 Man These Blades Are Really Good Butter On Tiles Did ' t Had A Change Very Strong Need More Like Them Around Period .
 This timer works great . Easy to install and reasonably priced . It is also easy to program . I recommend this product .
 Nice timer and eas to use for first timer . It has a setting for time zone , day timers . Cover keeps controls dry , nice quality .
 great timer!easy set up right out of box would buy again highly recommend . wld be better if could program seperate outlets
 Works great . Remember that there is only one timer that you can set and all outlets operate off that at the same time . No individual times . Would be a big improvement to be able to program outlets seperately .
 After a lot of internet searching , I found this product and could n't be happier ! More than enough outlets , the timer feature worked flawlessly and easy-to-understand instructions included . What a difference from having to go outside and unplug the outside holiday lights every evening before bed . Timing options saved energy and my electric bill ! Quality product !
 Length :
 This timer works great and would get five stars if it only had different timers for each of the timed receptacles . Apparently I misread the description , because I thought each of the timed receptacles could be set for different starts and stops , but that is not correct . Other than that , I have only praise for it . It has gone through several rains now and continues to work perfectly .
 Installed in 15 minutes - I use it control the operation of a set of rope lights around a backyard deck.Used the Zipset programming function - just input your zip code for activation at sunset . The ` On ' time auto updates to follow the changing length of days.Has worked fine every since - uneventful.This is what I want from a product like this - install and forget it .
 I think the timer is excellent for the money . . there is only one thing I would like different and that is a better censor in it or whatever it is that turns this one on and off by using your zip code . It comes on a little too early and therefore turns off too early , but other than that , it 's great ... I would buy it again .
 used timer for outdoor christmas decorations and it works fantastic , i am considering purchasing another one . would recommend this timer to anyone
 Wonderful quality , and works great ! Built for the rigors of a pool pump , it 's built to handle the current surges . Easy to program and I like the programming options available .
 I do not need the automatic area code dusk dawn feature and so have it turned off . Doing so required some careful reading in order get the programming right .
 I got this for my above ground pool pump which is a very long season here . I have also used it for a mosquito zapper and holiday lights . It has been out in the South Georgia weather the whole time and it still works like a charm AND it is still on the first set of batteries . Despite being unplugged for days on end and several power outages and lightning storms it has held it 's program . Now , if only you could set different programs for each outlet .
 Brought this to use in a short film . The tape truly looks authentic . Does n't look like the cheapo caution tape at Walgreens . A 1000 ft roll may have been too much . Although , in some cases , its best to have more than less .
 This light out-shone my expectations ! It is a lovely blaze of light that shimmers through the crackled globe , illuminating the path beautifully with its height . The battery lasted about a year .
 I could not be more happy with this light . I have had ours for approximately 7 years ; it has survived two 500-year floods , at which time the entire unit was under water . It is still glowing away each night . Wonderful product .
 I was looking for this exact flashlight.I need an all plastic flashlight with smooth surfaces and a reliable switch . Why?All plastic because I am an electrician , and do n't want a flashlight that might conduct electricity . The smooth surfaces and tapered form makes it easy to slide in and out of a flashlight holder or a back pocket . The switch is a decent push-button on and off , not the silly sliding type that gets out of alignment after being dropped a time or two.Added features are a focusable beam , krypton bulb , and the back inch or so is small enough that it will allow you to stand the flashlight up in the hammer hole on top of most ladders . This is a nice feature when you need the light to point up and you are working in the dark on a ceiling junction box.I purchased three of them to get the free shipping .
 I use this surge protector for everything in my entertainment center . It is the perfect size to accommodate all electronics that I have .
 On July 7 2007 I received from Amazon the Monster Cable MP AV600 Power Protector and the Belkin SurgeMaster Superior Series 8-Outlet Surge Protector -LRB- 6 ' , 1770 Joules -RRB- . They both sold for about the same price . The Monster is vastly inferior . The Belkin has three times the Joules rating . The Belkin is much more attractive and well designed . The Monster is just a squarish standard strip that felt very cheap compared to the Belkin and worst of all the Monster had a bad rubber stink and the cord felt gritty . The Belkin had a smooth white power cord . My other mistake was to get the Belkin with the 6 foot cord , I realized a 12 foot cord was available after ordering . You will be MUCH happier with the Belkin . I will post this exact review with the Monster at 1 star as well . Last time I gave something 1 star Amazon did not display it . Maybe the higher end Monster models are nicer .
 For the money it 's agreat buy . Not bulky , has enough outlets for all the electronics and computer/peripherials we needed it for , including the phone lines . Another nice feature is that it has a clip to keep all the cords from tangling together . We 'll be buying another one for our enterment/video game center .
 This has worked well for me . I use it on my home entertainment equipment . Lots of plugs for tv , dvd , game , speakers , etc. . No problems so far . Buy one if the price is right .
 Bought it for the protection warranty , it came in a pretty plain cardboard box with one sheet of paper , not the box shown in the picture . Hopefully if something ever happens to my tv and computer connected to it I will still be able to use the protection warranty .
 I am very satisfied with this product . If you need a surge protector and some extra outlets , this is a very good option .
 This surge protector is an excellent value with 8 outlets . A sliding protecting mechanism deters unsuspecting children from putting themselves in a dangerous situation.A line splitter for the telephone jack is integrated into this system.I trust this system to protect my television and peripherals attached to it -LRB- bedroom and den -RRB- . Overall , for the price , this is a great value .
 Just enough bells and wistles to protect my electronics . Design is perfect to manage todays plugs . Highly recommended .
 item was as described and it was amazing how fast it was here i think it was here the day after i paid .
 Brought this to use in a short film . The tape truly looks authentic . Does n't look like the cheapo caution tape at Walgreens . A 1000 ft roll may have been too much . Although , in some cases , its best to have more than less .
 I had so much crud floating around in the air until I bought these . Up until this purchase , I had bought the 3 pack from a local home center store . The `` Ace '' appealed to me because I could get them in a a greater quantity . This turned out to be a really great thing as I need to change my filters every 3 weeks . Luckily no one has allergies in the household , but when your air filter has little dust bunnies on it after a month , it shows you how well it is taking the stuff out of the air . Even though there is n't a MERV listed in the description , the ones I received have MERV 8 stamped on the side of the filter . I will definitely order these again .
 what could one say about air filters ? They fit , they do their work , good quality .
 Brought this to use in a short film . The tape truly looks authentic . Does n't look like the cheapo caution tape at Walgreens . A 1000 ft roll may have been too much . Although , in some cases , its best to have more than less .
 I 've been borrowing my dad 's C7 for 35 years , finally bought my own . His looks exactly the same after 40 and more years of use and nothing cuts like it . I would wait a week to do a project if dad was out of town to use the C7 rather than try another tool .
 Grubs can cause extreme damage to your lawn in a short period of time . My lawn last spring started getting the round brown patches that start getting larger and larger . When you pull on the grass stems they just come out of the ground as the roots have been eaten off by the grubs . You can see the white grub right under the grass and if you are unlucky they are everywhere . -LRB- Like mine was getting -RRB- It is best to apply this product and water thoroughly within 24 hours of the application . This product worked perfectly on my lawn and helped to save my grass as the grubs were almost immediately gone . The lawn quickly recovered as this product not only kills the grubs but feeds and helps strengthen the grass roots.Spring is only a short time away and if you have grubs you need to apply this from May to August . Local stores in my area ran out quickly as it seemed everyone had a problem so make sure you order it early .
 Lawn responds after one application.product was delivered as expected.I am pleased with the result.I would recommend this for grub worms in lawn
 So far the batteries have a charge and worked great . Ca n't beat the free shipping .
 EVEN YOU NO NEED ... YOU MUST HAVE IT !!! I have also -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- and this little guy is terrific -RRB- -RRB- !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- AND MAKE SURE ALL YOUR IMPACT TOOLS ARE CR-MO alloy / CHROME-MOLYBDENUM / . . IF NO - IT IS NOT IMPACT !!!
 This actually my shaper I have and it has continued to be a solid performer .
 My wife has literally 100 lawn decorations that she sets out during different seasons of the year . Every year she repaints a lot of them to keep them looking like new . She used this Gloss Candy Pink color on a couple of small bird houses . She does a great job painting with these cans of Rust-Oleum spray paint and they look like they were done professionally.She likes that the can will spray at any angle and she just lays the item she is painting onto cardboard and paints away . It is a fast and easy way to touch up your painted items for use both inside and outside of your home . This is a good quality product and you will like it . We both recommend it to you !
 I bought the Gloss Jade and on my screen it looked blueish with a tint of green . When I received the product , it was a green color , not at all blue as I hoped . I really wanted the color I saw , but sadly I ended up with an ugly teal-green color .
 I am not sure if it was ever intended for this use but I used it to resurface a 40 year old fiberglass pool slide that was showing considerable wear . I applied four coats over several hours and it has performed better than good over the entire summer with moderate use and many of plus 100 degree days . Very happy with the quality of this paint . If you have ever priced pool slides -LRB- $ 300 - $ 1100 -RRB- you can see why I chose an alternative route . I used Krylon K02329000 Fusion for Plastic as a base coat and then the Rust-Oleum Painter 's Touch Spray as a top coat .
 This came quickly , and works great . The best thing is the any angle spray , which means no more turning it upside down and wasting paint to clear the nozzle .
 The color of the paint is absolutely lovely and I could n't be more happy with that aspect . Unfortunately it ran out much too fast .
 The actual color is identical to the one advertised on the packaging and it is so easy to use . Just make sure you cover a big area cause a thin film of paint can make it very far when sprayed . The best part is I got it only 2 days after placing my order !
 I used this to transform a boring dark brown ceramic flower pot into a pretty pop-of-color piece . It worked beautifully , has a fantastic gloss to it , and everyone is always shocked when I tell them I spray painted it !
 This was perfect to make an ugly old dresser beautiful with a `` modern '' touch to it . It looks new , rather than someone 's beat up donated dresser . Easy to use . Looks great . We did it 2 years ago and it still looks great , even afte rhaving water cups on it , etc. .
 I am new to spray painting . I plan to spray paint everything and anything whenever I want a fresh new look for some things in my home . This color is beautiful and the gloss is great too . I have used this item and the actual paint color absolutely matches the cover of the can . So pleased ! Another brand of spray paint I 'd used before did n't match the color of the cap which was very disappointing .
 ... a painter friend of mine has a client who needed this color of paint for some outdoor furniture . I was able to find it within seconds on Amazon and my friend completed the project shortly after the paint arrived .
 This is definitley one of those - `` I knew I should have started here instead moments '' ... My Delta 50-850 dust collector is about 6 years old , so it 's older than these pleated filter canisters and orginally came with a 5 micron bag for the top and a plastic bag for the bottom . About 2 years ago I decided it was time to upgrade since the bag was losing it 's efficiency and I was spending more time cleaning it than using it . The cost of the cannister was so much though that I decided to go cheap and just buy the new 1 micron bag set that is available for less than half the price . That was where I made a mistake.The 1 micron bags do a great job of capturing more of the finer dust we have to worry about in a shop but they clog almost instantly . Connecting this thing to anything producing finer dust particles resulted in only a few minutes of run time before I 'd have to completely disassemble my collector and clean the bags . It became such a hassle I found myself using the collector less and less just to avoid having to spend my shop time cleaning bags.I sprung for the cannister about 6 months ago and have been giving it a pretty thorough workout . Connected to all my tools so far and it 's doing a wonderful job of keeping suction up while collecting the vast majority of the dust . I 'm back to filtering down to 5 microns with this , but they make other tools like air cleaners that can handle the < 5 micron crowd . When I see suction start to taper off I give the handle a spin to clean the pleats and I 'm back in business.It fit my old 50-850 perfectly without adjustment . Since I 've had it in use I 'm seeing an improvement to the % of debris the collector is picking up at my tools . I have some tools connected via ductwork and others that I direct connect to the collector - in both cases I 'm seeing less residual dust on and around the machine after use , than I was with either my 1 micron or my old 5 micron bags . Since the filter is much easier to clean I have much less downtime with my collector than I have ever had - the price is it only filters down to 5 micron - but I can live with that and just turn my air cleaner on .
 I have used this canister filter for over a year now replacing my optional one micron bags . I prefer the canister over the low micron bags mostly due to the bags never inflate fully -LRB- which is normal -RRB- . Visually the low bags would catch my eye when I was wearing hearing protection and I would become pre-occuppied looking at the bags instead of spinning saw blades -LRB- not good if you wish to keep all ten fingers -RRB- . With all the addtional pleated filter surface area there is no noticeable exhaust air movement . And the heavy particulate agitator seems to do the trick in keeping the inside of the filter from clogging . It is a very expensive giant air filter but it works great .
 I replaced the 30 micron bag on my Delta 50-850 dust collector with the 50-750 2 micron filter . Installation was simple , just a bolt on . It fit perfectly . I truly believe there is a perceptable difference in air quality in my small home shop . Not inexpensive at about $ 243 , but a good investment . You only get one set of lungs .
 This filter may be pricey , but it dramatically improved the dust collection of my machines and reduced the escape of dust I had with the cloth filter bag . A great improvement
 I needed a new battery for my drill and since the drill is so old Hitachi does ' t offer a replacement . Its the best small cordless drill I 've every had so I went online and found this replacement . It has been rebuilt and last as long as the new one that came with the driil . I recieved the product in less than a week and very happy with my experience at Amazon .
 My wife has literally 100 lawn decorations that she sets out during different seasons of the year . Every year she repaints a lot of them to keep them looking like new . She used this Gloss Candy Pink color on a couple of small bird houses . She does a great job painting with these cans of Rust-Oleum spray paint and they look like they were done professionally.She likes that the can will spray at any angle and she just lays the item she is painting onto cardboard and paints away . It is a fast and easy way to touch up your painted items for use both inside and outside of your home . This is a good quality product and you will like it . We both recommend it to you !
 I bought the Gloss Jade and on my screen it looked blueish with a tint of green . When I received the product , it was a green color , not at all blue as I hoped . I really wanted the color I saw , but sadly I ended up with an ugly teal-green color .
 I am not sure if it was ever intended for this use but I used it to resurface a 40 year old fiberglass pool slide that was showing considerable wear . I applied four coats over several hours and it has performed better than good over the entire summer with moderate use and many of plus 100 degree days . Very happy with the quality of this paint . If you have ever priced pool slides -LRB- $ 300 - $ 1100 -RRB- you can see why I chose an alternative route . I used Krylon K02329000 Fusion for Plastic as a base coat and then the Rust-Oleum Painter 's Touch Spray as a top coat .
 This came quickly , and works great . The best thing is the any angle spray , which means no more turning it upside down and wasting paint to clear the nozzle .
 The color of the paint is absolutely lovely and I could n't be more happy with that aspect . Unfortunately it ran out much too fast .
 The actual color is identical to the one advertised on the packaging and it is so easy to use . Just make sure you cover a big area cause a thin film of paint can make it very far when sprayed . The best part is I got it only 2 days after placing my order !
 I used this to transform a boring dark brown ceramic flower pot into a pretty pop-of-color piece . It worked beautifully , has a fantastic gloss to it , and everyone is always shocked when I tell them I spray painted it !
 This was perfect to make an ugly old dresser beautiful with a `` modern '' touch to it . It looks new , rather than someone 's beat up donated dresser . Easy to use . Looks great . We did it 2 years ago and it still looks great , even afte rhaving water cups on it , etc. .
 I am new to spray painting . I plan to spray paint everything and anything whenever I want a fresh new look for some things in my home . This color is beautiful and the gloss is great too . I have used this item and the actual paint color absolutely matches the cover of the can . So pleased ! Another brand of spray paint I 'd used before did n't match the color of the cap which was very disappointing .
 ... a painter friend of mine has a client who needed this color of paint for some outdoor furniture . I was able to find it within seconds on Amazon and my friend completed the project shortly after the paint arrived .
 The adhesive is strong and the foam is strong and durable . Make sure use select the right size for your job since if it is too thick it can get damaged and peel off leaving the adhesive alone .
 Bought product to weatherstrip door that leads from house to attached garage . Easy to install . So far weatherstrip performing up to expectations . Only remaining question left is how long it will last .
 I put this paint on a fireplace insert over 20 years ago and there is not even the tiniest spot of peeling . It looks today the same as it did when I put it on . I have used other high temperature paints on barbecues , etc but they have all eventually peeled . This stuff may cost more but not having to redo so often is more than worth it .
 These are the most confortable sandals i 've ever worn ! They are super durable . Would n't get anything other than reefs . Also look into their bottle opener sandals !
 Compr&eacute; estas sandalias para un regalo de cumplea & ntilde ; os de mi hermano , y cuando las recib&iacute; me gustaron mucho son de muy buena calidad y muy c&oacute;modas bastante suaves , el cuero el da un buen estilo . Las recomiendo yo quiero unas !
 Light and confortable style , leather look , strong design , also , arrived pretty soon ; they look bigger than they are . Good deal .
 First time wearing these I spent all day walking around Boston . Super comfy , and no issues . The last time I bought sandals I broke them in walking around Philadelphia and ended up getting blisters . Not the case this time , they even got wet and are still going strong .
 I received exactly what I ordered . They are of same quality of Reef 's that I 've bought in the store.My husband has worn them for over a month now and he has no complaints .
 It 's good to know that if you 're considering this particular sandal , that the soles are thinner than some other Reef 's out there . That said , these feel and fit great as expected !
 Comfortable while walking , but bit soft sole and good apperance too , if u like soft sole i would recommend this
 They look great and should be even better once I break them in . They are on the smaller size when it comes to length . If you where a size 11 , your heel will be very close to the edge . So if you prefer to have a little bit more space between the heel and the back of the flop I would go a half size bigger . For me I prefer my heel to be almost flush with the back so I am happy with the product .
 Purchased for my son ; it 's a good looking slide that looks good on his feet . Great for easy days around the house or beach .
 The flip flops are fantastic , we love this brand . What 's not to like ? Comfy and casual - great year round footwear for Florida .
 not the exact color I thought it was but they are my favorite type of sandals.The only thing that would make it a 5 is if they added a bottle opener and a secret key compartment .
 I 've worn leather sandals for years that ranged from $ 10 at Target that last about 6 months then fall apart to nicer Rainbows at $ 45 that last a year or so . These sandals are by far the most comfortable I 've owned and have lasted 6 months so far with no problems ! Great purchase with years of use to come !
 Exactly what I thought I ordered . Very nice sandals . Had to exchange for a bigger size but this was my mistake .
 These flip flops are divine . The name is n't misleading at all -- the footbed is as smooth as can be . The straps are short enough that your feet do n't really `` flip '' or `` flop '' when walking , and durable enough that they do n't stretch . I have been complaining about stretching issues with reefs for years , but these do n't have that problem . Overall a great buy.Note
 This is my first leather sandal by Reef and it is growing on me . You need to break it in , unlike their other Reef sandals that are really comfortable from the getgo . This one is becoming more comfortable as I wear it . I am still not taking long walks but it might become one of my favorites .
 Really comfortable sandals . The bottom is sort of falling off though and I 've only had them for about three months .
 What more can be said about Reef Flip Flops ... Excellent quality , comfortable , looks great with shorts or pants . Ca n't go wrong . Perfect fit .
 I bought these for my husband ... he has n't worn them yet -LRB- they 're a Christmas gift -RRB- , but I 'm really hopeful that they 'll hold up to his abuse ! LOL : -RRB-
 The most amazing flip flop a guy will ever wear . I wear a size 12 in other flips , but got a size 13 in these . Right out of the box they felt awesome - a few days of wearing and they were AMAZINGLY AWESOME ! They are so darn comfortable it is unbelievable . Plus the styling goes so well with both shorts , or in the cooler weather a pair of jeans.Don ' t waste money on more expensive flip flops when these guys go the distance . Remember guys , order one size up for best fit .
 Just got my pair and I love them . Well made , exactly the same color as I ordered , and they 're some of the most comfortable shoes I own . Ca n't go wrong here , so I 'm not sure where the negative reviews are coming from . I hesitated before buying because of some of the weird feedback on this site , but I 'm glad I went ahead with it . Great purchase . I wear size 10.5 , ordered size 11 , they fit perfectly . Love them .
 The slippers are true to the size and really comfortable . I only buy reef slippers because there good quality and last a long time .
 These sandals are just as better than my last pair of Rainbows at half the price . They look and feel awesome , and they are super comfy . The fit is exactly the same as a nike running shoe .
 Reef sandals are the only way to go ! Comfortable and stylish ! Great transaction ! Great price , product , and service . Amazon is a great place to shop !
 I ordered the Bronze/Brown leather Reefs to wear while working from home . They have a lighter-colored tread which does n't leave marks on our lighter colored carpet . They are very comfortable and very well built . I went with the recommendation of ordering one size larger than I normally wear . I usually wear a size 12 Asics shoe . Therefore , I ordered a size 13 reef sandal . They fit perfectly !
 I bought these for my boyfriend , who loved them . They do run a bit small . He wears an 111/2 and the 12 fit comfortably . Attractive and stylish as brown flip flops go .
 These are very nice flip flops . Several people have told me how cool the design looks on the shoe . I would say you might want to order a size up . Because I had to go one size up , and even then it was a close fit .
 I 'm your typical Californian . Lived up north in Santa Cruz , CA for a while , and learned how to really wear shorts , t-shirts , and sandals . Now I 'm addicted ! I ca n't walk around without sandals and shorts anymore , just does n't feel right.Anyhow , I ordered these guys because my old pair was wearing out . -LRB- The strap actually broke while I was driving , super lame . -RRB- These are pretty nice , casual sandals . Very lightweight , thin , and stylish . They do n't require any breaking in , they feel really comfortable at first wear . They are n't stiff , and bend nicely with your foot.I 'm giving them 4 out of 5 stars because I actually prefer a slightly thicker sandal . This will probably wear out within 2 months of everyday usage . They are definitely worth purchasing if you want something simple and stylish to wear around .
 This is a great all leather sandal . Very comfortable and perfect fit by size .
 Great leather flip flops ! Bought them for my husband and he really likes them . Great look , great fit . I wear Reef 's Ginger flip flops and want a pair like this too !
 Like the sandals , but unless you like them short and narrow SIZE UP ! I typically wear a 10.5 in most shoes . I sized up to an 11 and they were too small . Returned them and ordered a 12 .
 This is the second pair of the smoothies I have owned . I have nerve damage in my feet and many shoes cause my feet to ache . These are always comfortable from day one and the way the conform and fit my feet causes them to feel relaxed .
 These look like a good quality flip flop . It 's still winter , have n't had a chance to try them out yet .
 Just what I was looking for ! They look great and they 're very comfortable ! Sizing seems true to size . Not too big , not too small .
 I have loved Reef sandals from the womb , but I finally convinced my husband to try them ! He was comfortable from the moment he put them on and even said they are the only flip flops he will buy from now on also !!
 Im very happy with this sandal . Soft and confortable . With sandals its different size chart . if you are 10.5 you have to purchase 10 not 11 .
 This was ordered for a 18 year old teenager , who loves them . They were delivered on time , and kept me informed with emails from the time I paid for until they were delivered to my door . Would order this product again .
 I was so happy when I found these flip flops for so cheap . I looked around the malls and searched store to store and found nothing close to this price . I bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . He wears them every day . I am so happy .
 These Reef Sandals are probably the fourth pair that I 've owned . I got my first pair as a gift from a girlfriend and I 've liked them , ever since . This pair has been the most comfortable pair that I have owned so far . They are extremely lightweight . This pair may not offer the same support as some of the thicker , heavier plastic sandals but , the lightweight and smooth leather insoles more than make up for it . They just feel great to wear . They are great sandals and they are extremely versatile . You can wear them anywhere and they look stylish and comfy . So far , all my Reef Sandals have proven to be comfortable , stylish , durable and relatively long-lasting . If they get a little dirty , just wash them , let them air-dry and they look almost new again.I recommend Reef sandals / flip-flops for guys and girls . There 's a great selection of girl 's and guy 's Reef Sandals . They also look great on the girls and they seem to love them too , especially here in FL where they can basically be worn year-round . They make a great gift for that special girl in your life . You ca n't go wrong by buying a girl a pair of shoes , they can never have too many pairs , right ? LOL : - -RRB-
 I have sweaty feet and have found that this is the only sandal -LRB- Reef Smoothy -RRB- that my sweaty feet will not slide out of when it is hot and I am walking . Plus they are comfortable , durable , and last for years . I have had one of my pears for seven years now and still wear them .
 im the kinda guy who wears flip flops 24/7 even in winter and these things seem very durable and fit to your feet well and i have very flat feet . However there are very obvious marks where my toes are they just look like wear and tear of leather and kind of add to the look i think . all in all these are aweesome flip flops and i would recommend them to anyone
 The drain grate is light weight metal but strong enough to not bend if stepped on.It keeps the soap from going down the drain and keeps you safe from the drain monsters . That 's about all you can expect from a product like this .
 Excellent product but you should posess a little skill and some common sense . Contacts in connectors are not great , but work perfectly if you scrape a tiny bit of insulation off the wire where the contacts engage it . Replaced my old lousy low voltage hockey pucks with these . Size and light output are almost identical but these seem far more sturdy . The low voltage units might have burned less electricity , but they burned through expensive bulbs like crazy .
 Received this unit and even plugged it in to try it . Seems like an excellent value for what 's intended . However , I needed it for through the wall -LRB- horizontal -RRB- and while the item description does not mention it , the instruction sheet with the fan says it 's made for vertical ONLY . Plugged it in -LRB- Why this comes with a plug at end of 3 '' wire lead when installation would be hard wire is beyond me but that 's easily remedied -RRB- , the motor did not sound good in the horizontal position so it was n't some senseless warning . So , had to return it . Also beware that while the item description says 60 cfm , the box says 50 cfm .
 Ordered the grille to replace damaged one on a bathroom fan . Was pleased to find that it was exactly the same size and fit as the old , and since the fan was in excellent condition , it made it like new .
 This fan would be easier with new construction , but I have access to my attic and so I was able to use it in a remodel situation . So far it works well and it is quiet . I would order again if it fit my needs .
 This was to easy to install . Hole + duct + power = working exhaust!I thought this was gon na be a pain but it was a little to easy .
 the air vent is exactly as described on amazon . I have it in the bathroom and is just right for the location . Item was received on time and packed well . would use this supplier again .
 I had many small projects to do and this drill came in real handy . I 'm so happy that I bought it plus the Black and Decker name is one you can believe in .
 Ease of storage and usage . Perfect with individuals who have arthritis and \ or tendonitis .
 We went with the Pur 3-stage water filter after much research into what would be the best filter for removing chlorine . The community water at our new home is heavily chlorinated . Moving from a home that had wonderful clean well water , the chlorine smell and taste was not acceptable.The faucet filter is easy to attach but changing the filters themselves can be a little difficult . Much pressure is built up behind the filter which makes taking the little cap off the front a chore sometimes . The only other complaint I have is that the filters do not last but a little over a month which makes them quite expensive to change regularly . Also , once the filter life is done , the water just trickles out the spout and runs down the back of the filter housing which makes it difficult to use.Other than the two above complaints , the filters work wonderfully well and completely remove the smell and taste of chlorine . I can usually find good deals on the filters through Amazon .
 Yes it 's made from ABS plastic ... it is not THAT brittle as a previous shopper stated . The silver finish is pretty durable too but it does seem pretty cheap but you get what you pay for ... Easy to install , snaps onto a supplied rubber disk . Looks real nice on my wall.I also have the other hansgrohe items and installed them myself
 Could not find a better wall angle . Easy to install and looks great . My customers always love it .
 I bought these , not for upholstery , but to secure my magic mesh door panels . They work better that the pins they came with at a very reasonable price .
 Found just what I needed to complete a message board project . Perfect detail . The shipment came promptly without problem or delay . Cost was minimal .
 I have looked aa over for a black tac and could not find them in any hardware store retail store.Only thing , I should have bought more .
 Solid , fits perfectly in hand , great resolution , just what you want if you want to carry only one tape for metric / english .
 After weeks of looking for a replacement fan and light configuration in brass I finally settled on this Westinghouse fixture . This is a truly beautiful fixture and the lights are stunning . The lights can be installed either facing up or down , your choice - I installed mine with bulbs up . My only advice regarding this whole unit is it is large at 56 '' from paddle tip to paddle tip and you need really a minimum of 9 ' ceilings and a fairly good sized room so it does not overwhelm the space . This went into my master bedroom that is approx . 18 ' x 22 ' with 9 ' ceilings so give consideration to the size of room you want to use this fixture in otherwise you might not be happy . Even though the literature on the fan and light say that it is easy to install I hired an electrician and he took a while to get it in . It is also very heavy and solidly built ... no cheaply made paddle fan is this unit ! It is quiet and beautiful and I could not be happier !
 I was very impressed with the quality and beauty of the light and at a great price too . I highly recommend this . I received many compliments . A great design . What more could you want.Irene F.
 I originally had the plastic type of heated buckets with the element separated from water in the bucket by a layer of plastic -LRB- made by Allied Precision -RRB- but these have all failed the test of time and have been discarded because the plastic interior of the bucket cracked and the water leaked.I replaced them with 2 of these heated rubber buckets from Farm Innovators and they have been working perfectly for the past 4 winters . The plastic guards which snap over the heating element have come loose and been lost over the years but the horses do n't seem to mind amd we have not had any burns or broken elements . I do make sure that the buckets are plugged into a GFI outlet.I recently bought another heated rubber bucket through Amazon and it works just as well as the old ones . The price was very competitive , especially when I factored in what I would have paid for shipping elsewhere . Highly recommended !!
 I love these Colonial Sconces . I think they look great but beware they are not great quality . In fact , not even good quality , but they really look good . Had to superglue a screw into place and some of the glass pieces did n't fit just right . Even with these problems , I am really happy with these sconces at $ 12.67 a piece . Definitely a great buy at that price .
 I got these fixtures for the front and back porches of my parents ' house . I bought 8 of them for $ 7 each . I thought when I bought them that the quality and/or workmanship would certainly be suspect . Man , was I wrong ! When we opened the first box we could n't believe it ! They were just the right size -LRB- I thought they would be much smaller because of the price -RRB- . The metal was a much thicker gauge than I expected . There was n't anything cheap about them that I could see . My sister and I hooked them up that afternoon . The screws and parts were all there and easy to assemble . The bracket to fix it to the wall was better than the one on the original fixture that was put on the house 35 years ago . It was a snap!My parents ' house has long porches on both sides . These fixtures were the perfect style and really added some class to the house . Thank you for offering such a great deal on them.I am a scrounger . I find deals on things for me and my friends all the time . It takes heck of a deal to impress me most of the time . I do n't know how I could have found a better deal than this . I love doing things for my parents . They were so pleased with the results . They keep telling me how nice it is to sit out on the porch in the porch swing at night . Those stories make me so grateful to you for offering such a great deal.Thank you again - Sam
 Not the best quality money can buy but they look very nice . I paid $ 7 each and you can not beat that price anywhere ! I am very happy with this purchase .
 I Love this light . It is great . Just what I needed for the side door .
 This is a durable chisel , and I 've used it to break up my foundation for new sewer lines . The item is a good buy for the money , and the 18 '' lenght is easier on the back IMO .
 I had no problem using this attachment . I do wish it was longer . It is certainly strong enough to be able to be longer without compromising strength .
 I have used this bit for the same job breaking up 4 inch concrete slab . The bit was a great value and worked well for me . I would have no problem buying in the future .
 Awesome product for this price . Sure will buy again Hitachi tools .
 Parallel clamps are incredibly sturdy and useful . There are n't any bargains . A good parallel clamp is difficult to make , and I 'm only aware of premium lines . I own some Jorgensens , and I 've looked at Bessey and Gross Stabil . It 's hard to go wrong with any of the brands , but I think Jet clamps are the best . They are easy to adjust , and the head stays put until you squeeze the trigger . Trigger-operated heads are appearing on more brands of clamps , and Jet is the first to put them on a parallel head clamp . I highly recommend them .
 Great Clamp , works like it should . If you have n't used a good parallel cabinet clamp , treat yourself to a pair !
 This is a good Clamp . I compares favorably with any similar clamp sold and I prefer it to Bessey , as quality of clamp heads appears to remain superior and not lightened in making . Strong .
 The new Jet Parallel Clamp system works great . I have had the Bessey Clamp for many years and like them very good , at one time that was the only Parallel Clamp on the market . But now you have more to pick from.I think the new Jet Clamp will make Bessey look up and take notice . This New Jet Clamp will make Bessey rethink how they got into the clamp field.Tom McCranie
 If you need a parallel jaw clamp you ca n't go wrong with this one.Its fit and finish are great . The large jaws work well and the oversized handle makes it easy to apply the right amount of pressure.These clamps are only slightly higher priced than others like it , and in my opinion much better . When compared side to side with the Bessy these really shine .
 I purchased two of the 40 '' clamps just to compare to Bessey . I have about 20 Bessey clamps & felt they were the best on the market . However , the Jet clamps are better - Bessey is going to lose my business . The jaw faces are longer and wider . The handle is bigger and easier to grip and the release lever works great . I plan to buy more .
 I purchased the Jet 40 inch Parallel clamp and took it out of the package and put it right to use . It is a very strong clamp and you can get a lot of leverage with the turn screw handles . They have ridges and are a good size to fit your hand . The clamps can exert a lot of pressure and do not deflect or ride up on your project . The finger release works great once you figure out that you do n't have to pull it all the way up ; just a little movement releases the clamp . I would recommend these clamps without hesitation .
 Recognize I 'm a demolition amateur ; I do n't do this for a living . But this thing in my Bosch , I could take down the house . It 's tough , stays sharp even in concrete or breaking up large stones . Sometimes you just have to have the right tool . If you 've ever tried to poke a hole in concrete block for a large plumbing or electrical penetration by hand , you will appreciate the elegance and power of a bull point chisel in the right tool .
 We have been using these exact tape measures for over 25 years in my custom cabinet and furniture shop.Still using a couple that are at least 20 years old.We have tried all the other brands and none come even close to lasting as long.They can really take a beating.They stay calibrated with repeated snap closings.The problem is they are getting hard to find at retail stores.I hope Lufkin keeps making them .
 Lufkin makes the best tape measures , to bad more and more stores are not carrying them .
 Had a # 1 and # 2 hinge go on one of my door edges . Replaced with this companies hinges ordered thru Amazon . Worked perfectly and quality seemed to slightly exceed what I was replacing .
 Somehow the door hinge broke on my garage door . At first I was upset , but when I found I could buy a replacement for under 5 bones on amazon ? Done . Swap out took a few minutes . Hinge is better quality than what was on there to begin with .
 I 've worked with Bessey and Jorgensen parallel clamps , and I 've looked closely at the Gross Stabil clamps . For me , the Jet parallel clamps eclipse everything else . They 're all solid clamps , and they 'll all do the job for which they 're intended , but the Jet clamps have some nice advantages.The chief advantage is the head lock . To release or lock the heads on the other clamps , you pivot the handle . Sometimes , when you 're working with a tough glue-up and gravity is against you , it can be awkward to pivot the handle and turn it to tighten the screw . And when you arrange most parallel clamps vertically , the head almost always slides down , which can be a nuisance or even a nuckle-basher . Those sliding heads are heavy ! In any case , when gravity has its way , the head will be at the bottom of the bar , which is n't necessarily where you want it.On the Jet clamps , the head locks in place unless you squeeze a trigger . This means you can pre-set the gap , a task that is made easier by the inch markings on the bar . Then , you position the clamp , the head stays where you put it.Minor advantages of the Jet clamps are the dogs that screw into the stationary jaw and a bracket that clamps to the bar . You can insert these dogs into the 3/4 '' holes found in most workbenches , thus preventing the clamps from moving or falling over while you 're preparing your glue-up . Do n't be too deterred by the cost . You can use parallel clamps for nearly all your clamping jobs . They 're heavy , but they 'll do almost anything a bar or pipe-clamp can do . For awhile , I 've been buying one clamp a month . -LRB- I use Amazon Prime , which I would n't live without , but all these clamps qualify for free ground shipping , so there 's no penalty in spreading things out . -RRB-
 I bought my first pair of 40 '' Jet Parallel Clamps nearly a year ago , and at the time I thought the price was too high . I had been using old bar clamps like my Father used , and thought I 'd try something new . After several successful projects where completed I decided to replace all my bar clamps with Parallels . I picked up a pair of the Bessey K-Body Clamps , which work okay but do not site upright and level quiet as well as the Jets . Then Woodcraft came along with their version of the Bessey K body , cheaper , and not as well made as either the Jet or Bessey , but I tried out a set of them anyways , much to my disappointment . So this weekend I found a sale on the Jet Clamping Kit , and jumped on it , for eighty nine bucks , the price was right . I wish now that I had spent the money on the Jets in the first place , and I 've learned my lesson the hard way ... as usual .
 The clamps work well - as expected . Got them at Amazon for $ 29.95 and free freight but Amazon 's price seems to be a lot higher now . Try going to Amazon through a shopping site and maybe you can get them for $ 29.95 . I 'm not sure , but it seems to me prices vary depending on how you get here . I bought eight clamps and Amazon shipped them by UPS one at a time ! Eight separate packages that arrived over three days . What a waste !
 I now have 8 Jet Bar Clamps . I have used Bessey clamps and pipe clamps , but I find the Jets to be the best . The positive stop actions , the smooth clamping screws , and the graduated bars are all improvements over other clamps I 've used.I just finished making an entertainment center , all of solid wood , and the clamps were invaluable for gluing up panels and clamping panels together .
 I just received a set of 12 '' and 24 '' versions of these clamps . These are the best parallel clamps I have seen and are far superior to Besseys . I have not used them except in trials but measured them exactly at 90 degrees under pressure . Awesome .
 I bought two of these clamps -LRB- 30 '' -RRB- and found them so useful that I bought two more -LRB- 24 and 40 '' -RRB- even though I 'm just an amateur basement woodworker . The design is well thought out . The jaws are 1.5 '' thick so they work well with 2x4 's . The jaws are also easy to move , easy to grip , and are powerful and parallel . Their construction is solid and spilled glue does n't stick to it . The squared edges make it easy to set on a surface . I 'm even using them just to hold objects that I 'm working on . It may be hard to spend $ 40 to replace a $ 5 pipe clamp , but the first time I used them I was glad I did . After all , I do woodworking for the joy of it .
 I have used this clamp for assembling a few drawer boxes , and I am completely satisfied so far . It is heavy and solid , and the clamping faces stay parallel . The square flat bottom and extra support foot make it fairly stable as well , especially when used in combination with others .
 This is a nice lamp - however the shade is not as bright as it appears in the picture , it is more of a pinkish beige
 My office is done in Art Nouveau style and I needed a replacement for what was the perfect Art Nouveau amber banker 's lamp that I realized was n't UL-listed after it tried to electrocute me . I did n't think I could find anything in that style that I liked as much , but after a long search I found this one and may even like it better . It 's compact enough to use as a desk lamp , and plenty bright enough to read by while still delivering soft , warm light , even with CFL bulbs . One warning
 I am so pleased with this lamp . I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the Arts and Crafts style for their decorating . It 's VERY heavy !!! A wonderful addition to our home .
 If ever there was a piece of woodworking machinery that required precision engineering and solid construction it 's a shaper . The spindle must be perfectly balanced , straight , substantial in size , and must be at absolute right angles to the tabletop . In addition to a solid structure for the spindle , the raising and lowering mechanism for the spindle must be very precise and finely threaded . This allows dead accurate motion up and down in measured intervals i.e. one full turn of the hand wheel equals 1/64 of an inch spindle movement with no `` slop '' in the action of the wheel . The fence on a shaper must also be accurately made and rock solid to withstand the force of a feeder pushing against it.Of all the machinery made by Delta that I have experience with , this shaper meets all of those requirements with flying colours . This is a well-designed well-made machine that is built to last . Mine has a fixed 1 '' diameter spindle although I wish I had a 11/4 '' diameter spindle as most shaper heads are made for a 11/4 '' diameter spindle . Delta makes interchangeable spindles from 3/4 '' to 11/4 '' diameter , but you must purchase the model that allows spindles to be swapped out to take advantage of this . Delta also makes a spindle with a collet on top that allows you to use router bits in the shaper . However , this machine has a maximum speed of 9,000 RPM , which is considerably slower than most routers , so I ca n't imagine how you would get proper performance out of using router bits in a shaper . I 've always questioned the logic of swapping spindles as anything that can be removed is subject to wear and/or damage . Shaper spindles are the last thing I would want to risk damaging for both accuracy and safety . Mine has a `` deluxe '' fence and since I bought mine Delta has introduced a `` micro adjustable '' fence . The biggest advantage to the newer fence is the ability to have very fine in/out adjustments on both fence plates ; mine has one side fixed and the other adjustable . The fence on mine shipped with removable MDF fence plates , not the greatest but I have made many specialized fence plates over the years for various purposes . I 'm not sure if you can attach your own plates on the newer fence or if you 're stuck with using only the aluminum fence plates which would be a significant disadvantage.Two items that I really have to be critical of Delta on relative to this machine . Number one is the `` dust collector adaptor '' . This part is VERY costly for what it is -LRB- a piece of plastic that resembles a flange used in plastic plumbing pipe -RRB- AND it reduces from the opening in the back of the fence down to 21/2 '' . Trust me , your shop vac with a 21/2 '' hose will NOT be able to draw out shavings created by the shaper . So connection to a dust collector on a shaper is essential and I had to buy a second adapter to go from 21/2 '' back up to 4 '' in diameter . Hello Delta , if your going to make a `` dust collector adapter '' you might consider making it to fit a dust collector ! Just a thought.Second is the fact that I had to drill holes for my Delta stock feeder myself -LRB- I 've reviewed the feeder too -RRB- . As I said in my stock feeder review , I can understand why Delta does n't drill holes in table saw tops by default , but a shaper ? These holes would not interfere with anything even if two sets of holes -LRB- to allow for alternate locations for the feeder -RRB- were drilled at the factory . Not that drilling these holes was a big deal , it 's just one more thing to do and the position I used for my feeder required one of the holes to be tapped -LRB- which required the hole to be very accurately drilled -RRB- . If you are looking to buy a shaper you ca n't go wrong with this one , but a word to the wise , put a stock feeder into your budget . Working on a shaper without a stock feeder is risky and in my humble opinion a shaper is perhaps the most dangerous machine you will have in your shop , so do everything you can to lower the risk of accidents . The feeder also gives you the maximum benefit from using a shaper over a router , maximum control and pressure against the table or fence and a consistent feed speed results in dead accurate profiles . If your planning on making frame and panel doors , accuracy in the profiles is essential and the feeder will make your life easier and the quality of your doors much higher . Another word of advice , prepare yourself for `` sticker shock '' when buying tooling for your shaper ... especially if all you have ever bought is router bits . Choose your shaper tooling carefully and try to get maximum benefit from everything you buy . Replaceable carbide is the way to fly , but these cutter heads generally cost significantly more than cutter heads with the carbide brazed on . However , the carbide used in replaceable cutter heads is a different composition than carbide brazed onto cutter heads and in my observations is actually sharper and holds an edge longer.I have worked on other shapers significantly bigger and more powerful than the Delta , but in a small to medium sized shop that does not run this type of machine everyday the Delta is an excellent choice . Similar to every other machine I 've reviewed I would also recommend getting the mobile base . Highly recommended .
 This welder was purchased for the production of an art installation that was built in the Golden Gate Park . -LRB- PanhandleBandshell.com -RRB- . It 's a great welder that is portable and strong . It is heavy duty enough for any hobby welder or artist . It 's not an industrial production welder . You ca n't weld with it continuously for hours . But if you are welding 30 minutes of every hour or less , your going to love it .
 Works very well outdoors . Connectors stay dry and excellent timer device . Overall construction and design is excellent . No device like this could be found in my local home supply store , but I found it online for a very good price .
 I have used this unit for 2 years for decorative lights on my deck . The multiple outlets are placed well and there is ample room to curl cords .
 I absolutely LOVE this item . I have used it TROUBLE FREE in my back yard for over 4 years to control my pond and patio lighting . The only trouble is that I now would like another one for another area in my yard and can not find one anywhere . Ca n't understand why since it is such a good product .
 Used this for outside X'mas lighting . Used this for one season and everything worked as advertised .
 If you run out of reflective tape for your Photo Tach Tool ... here you go ... it works so what more can you say right ?
 Very reflective and has stuck with no peeling for over a month on my babys stroller . It adheres very well through out this cold new england winter month along with getting wet .
 I typically use another type of reflective tape , but it wo n't conform to a 2 &#34; thinwall steel pipe . I 've seen the Scotchlite used in similar applications , and it has proved quite satisfactory - quite reflective , and it sticks like a leech to a clean , contoured surface .
 12 year old with a newly refinished bike , regular reflectors look dorky . so I put this on the rims , and in strips on the bike.Seems to work ok . Its looking good but not sure they are going to stay through the rain .
 I 've looked at &#34; reflective &#34; collars for the dog . Expensive and not very reflective . I wrapped a collar , tagged the leash and have lots left over .
 I bought this reflective tape because I had used it in the past . I wanted the two inch wide strips , but I accidentally bought the one inch instead . The tape does what it says it does , and it has a good bonding adhesive backing too . I really like this product .
 This is a great deal -- just like you 'd expect , it reflects light . I 've paid more before for reflective material to stick on my bike at a bike shop and/or ordered from the sports department at amazon , and it 's been less sticky and more expensive . This stuff is stickier and cheaper . Good deal !
 In my metro area there have been several post-sunset car-cyclist collisions because the cyclist was wearing dark clothing , one was a fatality . This is inexpensive protection when you consider the consequences.As a hard core ultramarathon cyclist I can find myself riding after sunset and in some events I may be riding solo though the night on rural roads . I have been told by other cyclist the strips on my bike make me show up for a considerable distance before they actually see me.Just 10-12 inches strip of the reflective tape on the each seat stay gives a -LRB- passive -RRB- brilliant reflective notice to approaching vehicles that there is something in the road ahead . The remaining product distributed in small pieces between the spokes on the rims can give a pulse effect as a car approaches.I also intend to reflectorize my older model snow-blower
 Not as reflective as SOLAS tape but works as white reflective tape for marking sea kayak hull . Seems to adhere well under wet conditions -LRB- if applied dry -RRB- .
 I purchased this tape along with a couple of other reflective colors to create a geometric pattern on my otherwise simple black bicycle helmet . I cut the tape as desired , applied it without issue , and the result was everything for which I 'd hoped . The helmet gets many looks and has had several compliments . The helmet looks much more expensive than its actual cost . PLUS , over an entire season , including time beneath a rain cover , the tape has not lifted ! Not to mention , of course , the safety factor , since this tape DOES reflect light very well .
 The tape is advertized . It stick good and is an excellent reflector for my bike . the more surface it is used on the better the reflection .
 Very reflective , just like a car license plate . Easy to cut , easy to peel the back off and apply . Very good adhesion.Purchased this through Amazon because I could n't find anything like it in an auto parts store , bike shop or hardware store .
 Great product - high visible and easy to apply . I purchased for my son since he rides his bike to and from work in the dark these winter days . This makes me feel better as he says it helps him be more visible to cars .
 This product worked very well for the application I had in mind.Which was to keep cars from hitting a brick island in the middle of a neighborhood street.Expecially the silver/white tape .
 I have had the 3HP pm66 in this configuration for 4 years and love it . The 3hp I guess has been replaced by the Tiawanese pm2000 ? Now the 66 is only avaliable in 5hp but the price for 5hp is actually lower now then it was 4 years ago for the 3hp ! Same trunion and castings -LRB- you can put the 5hp motor in my saw but I dont need it -RRB- Any way in my small custom shop I have hit it with every big dense hardwood I can think of , Jahtoba , Qrt 12/4 white oak , Wenge etc. . Always accurate , never fails . Easy to set up and maintain . Router lift works great for my needs , hard to beat Jess em for router tables . In a small one man shop the router in the outboard table option is beautiful and you see guys add them all the time . This one works well . If you are 2 + people and this is your only saw it could get wierd when guys compete for machines that are connected . I guess you have to decide if you need that option . If so this version is competitively priced and well done.I have used 5hp PM66s for years in bigger comercial settings and with constant daily use in multi person shop 5hp is a must . But at this price why not go for it any way . I own and enjoy many delta tools and have used uni-saws but I never got that solid confident feeling from the unisaw that my pm66 gives me . Call me crazy but the pm 66 seems quieter , its light whir with blade at full speed seems to say `` I 'm ready boss '' while the unisaw 's whine says `` here we go again `` If you are debating between cabined saw and contractor saw dont . I waited 2yrs saving to buy this machine because I had used contractor saws and cabinet saws and never wanted to use a contractor saw again . If you have the rescources and the space the cabinet saw is vastly supperior in basically every way . It never stalls under normal use with good technique and stays accurate , not rattling itself constantly apart . You dont see many of these used because once they have one nobody ever gives them up !
 I bought the Powermatic 64A as a replacement for a 12 year old Ryobi BT3000 after research on Delta , DeWalt , Grizzly , Jet and Sears Craftsman saws . My key requirements were a 120V contractor saw with a table and fence that stay square and true . So far , I have n't been disappointed.The saw was easy to assemble until I got to installing the fence . The wrong rear fence rail was sent with the saw and the bolt holes did n't line up with the table . I chose to have the rail replaced rather than drilling new holes . I contacted Powermatic directly at Amazon 's instruction and a replacement rear fence rail arrived within a week.I did three things to the saw to make it work better for me
 I am setting up a REAL basement workshop for building furniture and needed a top notch solution to allow indoor sanding . This machine is what you would expect from Delta -- very substantial and solid . Decent air flow , combined with the curtains , directs the dust to the removeable dust filter . At 31 '' by 31 '' , and with the moveable dust curtains , you can handle almost anything in the realm of furniture . If you loved Erector Sets as a kid , you will also love assembling the 50-855 -- with some 75 sets of bolts , nuts , and washers -- straightforward , but 1 to 2 hours to set up . Overall , a great addition for any woodworker who recognizes the importance of dust control !
 NOTE
 An excellent tool along wiht the Bosch Hammer Drill.Would love to see a variation with a little wider chisel and longer shaft to save the back and knees.It 's a three person job . 1 to operate the demo hammer , one to pull up the mesh and mortar and 1 to remove the demo material.One of the best tools I 've ever purchased and previously rented on many occasionsWell worth the money if you remove old ceramics.I 'm waiting to try it on other applications.A lifelong investment . It wo n't let you down.Maybe I should be working on the Bosch sales team.I am a Dewalt man but this is the first time I went `` Blue '' . I will stick with Bosch.Bosch Produkte , immer besser , immer starker .
 Con mucho gusto recomendaria . la calidad precio , y rapides de entregay productos de muy alta calidad , . gracias .
 I have used the bit extensively for the past six months in my demolition business . This unit in conjunction with a rotary hammer will break down brick , tile , or cinder block with ease .
 Removing hard wood flooring glued to a concrete slab is not an easy task , but with the Hitachi 724966 SDS Max chisel and a hammer drill it made the job a bit easier .
 This product is very good cuts very well . A + it is easy to handle and can work a long while before needing to be sharpened
 Ok . have n't really used it yet . fits and seems to be decent quality . It will be handy for chipping up tile and smoothing out rough rocks in our yard .
 They strap stuff down just like they 're supposed to ! The ratchet is nicely constructed and they have wider hooks than the bargain ones . Great to own if you haul anything with a flat bed trailer .
 My Grizzly band saw uses blade length of 131-1/2 inches . After -LRB- 2 -RRB- Grizzly blades , I am trying the Magnate version . I had to adjust the top pulley location to take up the slack caused by the Magnate . Now I do n't know if the Griz is a bit short , or the Magnate is a bit long.No matter , if you know how to adjust for this on your saw it runs OK.David
 I have used this bit for a good amount of digging but have retired it for a much better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- DeWalt bit.Don ' t be fooled by the shape -LRB- thinking that a pointed one will dig better , cause this one wo n't -RRB- , this is an ok bit but requires a large hammer to be effective -LRB- since its so big and BLUNT -RRB- . My dewalt bit is way sharper and cuts through soil much better . This is a very heavy spade also and does not dig near as good/fast as others I have usedI would recommended purchasing another spade bit , unless you have a very large and powerful hammer , even though this one is n't necessarily bad .
 This spade is no joke ! The blade is over 1/4 inch thick steel and will probably survive anything short of an atomic bomb blast . As another reviewer noted , the blade is also blunt . To a certain extent this is because of the thickness of the blade . This can be partially remedied by judicious use of a grinding wheel to sharpen it . I have the Milwaukee 5315-21 1-1/2 - Inch SDS-max Rotary Hammer , and it drives the spade well . In hard packed clay , it takes about 5 sec to penetrate the full depth of the spade blade . A regular spade would only penetrate an inch or two even if I jump up and down on it .
 I have the more rectangular shaped Milwaukee clay spade and this Hitachi model and it 's possible that this one will dig even faster because it 's more pointed . In any case , all these clay spades are great and I highly recommend any of them .
 Another reviewer complained that their power strip was not shipped properly , and it broke in transit . Maybe the seller learned their lesson , because mine was double-boxed and was fine . I have only one outlet on my patio , but with this unit I now have six outlets that are protected from rain . Plus , all the outlets can be controlled with the flip of a switch , instead of having to unplug anything . I am not using the spike , but instead have mine mounted to the wall -LRB- it comes with brackets on the back of the unit , but you have to provide your own screws -RRB- . It also has a `` dawn to dusk '' setting which will automatically turn the power on at night , and shut it off in the morning .
 This is such an easy product to use and it really does what it says . How have we lived without this during prior holidays ?
 This is not a cheaply built unit and it works very well . I wish I had the one with the timmer in it as well as the photo cell . It would work great for xmas lights except they would have to stay on all night without a timer to turn them off .
 I had the same problem regarding shipping as RM . Manufacturer 's box was not placed into a cardboard box prior to shipping . Manufacturer 's box was totally destroyed during shipping and UPS placed contents into a sack . Fortunately , the power strip arrived in good condition with all of its components . I emailed Amazon with my concerns , and they promptly forwarded my complaint to the shipper . I received a response from the shipper the next day apologizing for their error . They indicated that shipping the power strip without proper packaging was an error on their part , and they expressed concern regarding the condition of the item when delivered . After checking the power strip thoroughly , it was apparent that the item was not damaged in any way . They volunteered to make things right by refunding the shipping costs plus a little extra . The company that shipped the item did everything possible to make things right and ensure that I was satisfied with their product and service . Because they proved themselves to be truly committed to customer service and satisfaction , and the fact that I really like the product , I gave them an excellent rating . I would not hesitate to order from them again .
 I 'm sure this works for lots of things , but I had this as well as a special tool designed to remove ceramic tile from concrete and this was cheaper and a better tool for the job . No wear showing after using it on tile and a brick wall . Worked fast with a Bosch hammer drill . If you can use this tool , you probably already have the device to drive it .
 This is a really nice piece of steel , and it gets the job done when it is on the right powered hammer tool . The price is excellent . I understand it ships from an Amazon fulfillment facility . When it showed up at my door , the tool was floating loose in a flimsy box , which was actually open enough to shake the bare tool out onto the floor . I wonder how much time and money are wasted on righting the situations where the tool falls out on the way to the buyer ????
 I used this chisel with a Makita 1203C Hammer to break up my pool deck . The job is finished and the chisel is still in good condition .
 Damlow Prices cancelled my order with no explanation . Anyone would be foolish to order anything from them .
 This device feels cheap ; the plastic shell feels flimsy , and you can feel the back flex when you hold it . It really does look and feel like complete junk.On the upside , though , I 've had mine for at least five years . I bought it because it was very , very cheap , and my past experiences with stud finders had left me with the impression that they were generally of questionable value ... I found that knocking on the drywall to be much more accurate . This cheap little unit showed me how wrong I was . Even without nails or wires , this gadget is accurate enough to show me both edges of the stud . Every time.I do have one caveat ... there is a `` glitch '' that led me to believe that this model was also garbage for a while , until I figured out how to use it . It has a `` deep scan '' mode ; now , I generally use a stud finder to find studs behind drywall . `` Deep scan '' is n't necessary for that . In fact , in my experience , `` Deep Scan '' * always * reveals something behind the wall . Always . The problem is that switching between `` normal '' and `` Deep Scan '' mode is too easy ... there are directions printed right on the back of the device ... follow them , make sure you are not in `` Deep Scan '' mode , and this unit will work like a champ .
 Exactly what I was looking for , detector works great . I had absolutely no problems with battery replacement or anything else . It works well with rechargeable battery which is a plus .
 As other reviewers have mentioned , it 's small and plastic and kinda cheap feeling when you get it . You 're almost dissapointed when you first see it . In a store , I might not have bought it if it were surrounded by it 's name brand , beefier looking cousins.But I 'm glad I did!Why ? 1 . It 's affordable . very affordable .2 . It 's so simple it 's not even funny . Start on a hollow of the wall , hold down the button , and move it over the wall till it finds a stud . Super easy . Every now and then , if it sense wiring or metal , it might freak out on you , but make sure to start on an area where there is no stud , and this rarely happens .3 . It 's pretty darn accurate ! Was happily suprised by that!The bad ? Well , I did n't really need the picture hanging stuff . . got a drawer of that anyway . Now I have more . : / Also , it takes a 9v battery . Who uses 9v batteries anymore ?? -LRB- besides the people who make smoke detectors -RRB- It was annoying to have to go out and get one just to use this . Would have preferred AA or AAA 's really.Overall , though , I am very happy with this purchase , and this thing has been incredibly handy for doing things around the house . Wish I had it sooner ! Shipping from vendor was also pretty fast , which I appreciate .
 I originally bought a magnetic stud finder - I searched and searched and did n't find a single stud.I then bought this Zircon Stud Finder and it worked great . It located the studs very easily . I did n't have any trouble putting the battery in like one of the other reviews mentioned . The guy I spoke to at the hardware store said that the more expensive Zircon stud finders are essentially the same but have a fancier display . This one worked fine for my needs and the price was right .
 This thing actually works and is easy to use , great for finding studs to hang stuff up . i was very impressed . the hooks are quite good too .
 There is not a whole lot to say about a stud sensor . I liked this one 'cause it was cheap . It works great and even comes with some picture hanging hooks . Its extremely easy to use I think a elementary school student could use it to find a stud .
 I am new to chickens . I bought the cheap plastic feeder first and wish I would have bought this instead ! The bar turns so the chickens do not roost on top . Good quality . Wish it had legs to boost it up a bit , but we put it on a couple 2 x 4 's and that helps .
 As always Lufkin produces a superior product . The tape measure is durable and easy to read , I have never had a problem with the tape measure failing . I would recommend Lufkin products to anyone .
 If you 're like me , you have a hard time reading the little unmarked lines on regular tape measures and then reducing the fractions in your head , like 1/8 , 5/16 , 9/32 etc. -LRB- Why ca n't manufactures and people NOT reduce the fractions , btw ? Then the English system would be similar to metric in ease of readability . Like
 This bit driver does the obvious quite well . The ergonomic handle is a love-it-or-hate-it divide , but you probably have a feeling on this already . If not , this is a relatively cheap way to decide for yourself .1 / 4 '' bits are held in place by a fairly hefty magnet . The magnet is strong enough to -LRB- very -RRB- securely hold the bit as well as hold a fastener . The magnet is so strong that smaller bits may not offer enough leverage to easily remove . I almost had to use a pair of pliers to remove a P0 bit . If my hands were greasy or otherwise dirty , it would have been a bit sticky for sure . I have not tested the magnet 's holding strength with stainless steel bits.This is a bit driver and not a screwdriver , so the shaft is going to be a bit thicker than other insulated screwdrivers . If you work with fasteners set deeply into panels , this may not be the ideal tool for you . I rarely encounter that scenario , and the advantages of bits won out over dedicated screwdrivers.Felo screwdrivers have a hex block at the end of the shaft -LRB- near the handle . -RRB- The idea is that you can use a wrench to turn the hex block for added leverage . These do not have that hex block , though there is a hole at the end of the handle . It 's ostensibly for hanging the tool on a pegboard , but you could insert another steel rod -LRB- who am I kidding , we all grab a second screwdriver -RRB- through that hole , and use the second tool for added leverage . I have n't had to do this myself , but it 's nice to know that the option is there.I received mine in May 2011 , and it was still made in Germany . Notably , it 's the only VDE tool that I own that is n't red and yellow .
 If you work in tight spaces this screwdriver is not for you , the tip holder blocks the view and it is wide . For that type of work I suggest getting 2 screwdrivers -LRB- phillips and slot -RRB- instead of this one . But for everything else , this screwdriver is great .
 I 've used these blades daily for the past 3 years and without a doubt they are the best finish blade available . These blades make cutting through even the hardest woods a dream . You can cross cut or rip with minimal chiping or tearing . I highly recomend this blade for its ' performance and durabilty .
 I found out about these blades via the boatbuilding community , where they 're widely used . The thin kerf lets them zip through wood with little or no effort , whether ripping or crosscutitng . They 're especially good for cutting plywood . If set shallow enough to just barely cut through a sheet , they 'll cut complex curves as easily as straight lines . I have the 7-1/4 '' one on my Porter-Cable circular saw , and the 10 '' model on my old Sears table saw . A super product at a barain price .
 They 're all finicky , none of them read well above 90 % , especially if the temperature is above 80 degF . It 's just the nature of the beast ... We also have two different multi-thousand dollar RH meters and this one was just as reliable as they are ... not very ... but I 'm happy and so are our other engineers !
 Drilled holes through brick , cement block , and into concrete , no issues . I would recommend this drill bit to anyone . Shipment was fast .
 I just purchased the Delta 23-735 10 '' industrial grinder after looking at other options such as Baldor or Dayton . While the quality of the grinder is not in the same class as either of the aforementioned units , neither is the price . A 10 '' Baldor or similar with the pedestal would run at least $ 200 more.The grinder arrived in two boxes , each adequately packaged to prevent damage . With the heaviest box weighing in at 115 pounds , some damage to the packaging was expected , and sure enough found . The grinder was undamaged.Assembly of the unit was straightforward , and all parts required were included with the exception of an Allen wrench for tightening the pedestal post to the base . While these were factory installed , they were not tight enough to prevent the post from turning in the base once the grinder had been installed . Also , the holes in the flanged post base were not centered , and in order to mount the flanged post base on the square baseplate , some minor filing of one of the bolt heads was required.Upon initial startup , the grinder exhibited some vibration . Close examination seems to indicated a small imbalance due to non-symetrical grinding wheels , but facing of the wheels should cure this . Power of the unit is adequate , and motor noise is much lower than expected . Coast down time after the grinder is switched of is quite long . The heft of the unit does a nice job of minimizing vibration.The flexible lamp does not include a light bulb , but does seem to be constructed fairly well.All in all , the unit appears to be solidly made , and should be more than adequate for most users looking for a heavy duty 10 '' grinder .
 Excellent professional grade grinderI 've had the Delta 23-735 10 '' industrial grinder for a couple of years as of this writing . If you already own a grinder , consider retrofitting your old machine with wire or buffing wheels . Overheating metal parts was a serious issue on my previous 3450-RPM grinder , but is less so on this 1725 RPM machine - that alone made this a worthwhile investment . The 23-735 is big and heavy ; 125 pounds ; 151/4 '' wheel center to center ; and 11 '' tall at the motor housing . All that cast iron in the motor frame and tool supports keeps vibration well within the acceptable range , and gives the tool a look of quality and heft . The toggle switch is protected , so it 's unlikely you 'll accidentally turn it on , a good safety feature . I prefer a can of water for a quenching tray as it 's quicker to fill and empty , but the built-in water tray is amply sized . The fitted lamp is nice , but the goose-neck section should be a few inches longer . At the rear of each wheel 's housing is a 2.5 '' dust port . I usually keep a rubber-banded sock on each port ; but attach a vacuum on dusty jobs.Since I 'm tall , the grinder is mounted on a 39 '' high bench . I used the very sturdy 33 '' high cast iron pedestal that comes with the grinder for another shop tool . I only use the Delta grinder a few times a week , so buying a Baldor 10 '' grinder -LRB- triple the cost -RRB- , could n't be justified . The Baldor was also much too wide for the available space.The Sears Craftsman 10 '' professional grinder -LRB- model # 21160 -RRB- costs about the same as this unit from Amazon.com , but it does n't include that nifty pedestal . -LRB- I 'd give no credence to Sear 's claim of 1 HP versus Delta 's stated 3/4 HP , since the machines are virtually identical . Delta 's is plenty powerful , and they probably make the Sears machine anyway . -RRB- In summary , if you use a grinder for hours every day or need the wheels to be really far apart , get the Baldor . For everyone else , the Delta is a professional grade grinding machine .
 easier to read then a left handed tape well made and would like to get another when I can afford it
 The product is great and as described by most of the other reviews . I just felt it a little steep for the price .
 I put this on my new DeWalt 12-Volt Trim Saw and cut some pieces of 3/4 '' plywood . It was so smooth , it felt like it was pulling itself through . No resistance at all . Tear-out was minimal , too . A big difference from the blade that came with the saw .
 Attached this on my Makita rotary hammer to bore holes to thread copper piping . Needed to extend the copper piping to the area where my washing machine/cleaning room area . It bored through a layer of brick and a layer of cinder block like if it was drywall.Also used this through 15 inches of 40 year old concrete -LRB- concrete gets more stubborn and hard as it ages -RRB- . Needed this to thread pipes to the outside for garden hose . It chewed through it as if it was normal wood.These bits make it much easier to put pipes where you want it.Just remember to wear your safety equipment -LRB- eye + ear + nose -RRB- . Flying chunks of concrete can blind . Power tools and deafen your hearing . Concrete dust can kill your lungs faster than cigarettes.On side note , remember to keep the drill straight . The bit head is a bit wider than a 1/2 '' copper tube , but the flute of the drill bit is narrower . If you do n't hold the drill straight , the hole will bend slightly and may cause problems . Only two solutions , -LRB- 1 -RRB- drill out the bending areas slowly , -LRB- 2 -RRB- use a slightly thicker bit size.First solution requires some counterintuitive thought . Second solution requires more patching compound/fire stop material around the pipe .
 The Metabo is the best electric angle grinder I have ever used . I have been in the steel construction industry for 20 years . I use a grinding machine every day , and by far the one grinder I prefer to use is the Metabo . I have used Milwaukee , Bosch , Hilti , Makita , Dewalt , Porter Cable , just to name a few , and none of those machines even comes close to the Metabo in terms of power and smoothness . This little Metabo can grind as well as a bigger machine from the competitors . The Metabo might be a little more expensive than some of the other brands , but if you are looking for a long lasting powerful machine used by steel tradesman , the Metabo is the one .
 I have only owned/worked with two Metabo angle grinders in the last 8 years . It 's all I have needed . I own one that is 7 years old , and has only ever needed a switch slide , power cord , and brushes . I have worked it extrememly hard , at jobs which destroyed Milwaukee and DeWalt grinders in a day or two
 I am a commercial mechanical contractor using tools in the harshest environments . Having used almost all brands , I have found Metabo to be the only one that holds-up . Forget Bosch , Makita , Porter-cable , Dewalt , Milwaukee , and Hitachi . I have tried them all and none will last under heavy use . Metabo 's motor technology and general tool ruggedness is superior to all I have tried . Fein might make a comparable product , but at a much higher price .
 I am a welder who uses this tool for heavy grinding of metals . Out of my Makita and other brands , this tool is my favorite and certainly better than anything else I 've used . It has a nice paddle type switch and quick change system . Extremely rugged and has handled being dropped from the welding bench onto concrete many times . Absolutely the best grinder out there .
 Based on conversations with steel workers I was under the impression that Metabo grinders were invincible , and prior to today I believed it . I use my Metabo grinder for a range of remodeling tasks from cutting cement -LRB- diamond blade -RRB- to coping trim -LRB- sanding disk -RRB- to cutting steel -LRB- cut off wheel -RRB- and a bunch of other applications . I always keep the grinder in my truck because it 's so versatile . There are some situations when only a grinder will do.Sometimes I 've overpowered the grinder , so I 'll probably replace it with a more powerful model -LRB- this is Metabo 's weakest model -RRB- like the WE 14-125VS which is almost the same weight , spins the same sized wheels , but has a motor that 's twice as powerful.Today I was grinding down joints in an OSB subfloor that had gotten wet and mushroomed a bit . With a 24 grit sanding disk the tool hogged away at the OSB . After about an hour or so I noticed smoke coming out of the housing and figured that some dust had gotten inside and started to cook . A bit later the smoke increased , the rotational speed dropped , and the grinder started making terrible noises . I unplugged it , felt the housing , and was surprised at how hot it had become . I think I toasted my grinder , and I 've only been using it for 7 months-very disappointing.Fortunately it was still under warranty . Unfortunately , Metabo 's 3 year warranty program is so convoluted that I 'm sure they designed it to keep people from getting 3 years of service for free . I failed to register my tool soon enough , but even if I had , I might not have printed out and saved the certificate that would have granted me 3 years of service . So I 've only got a 1-year warranty . Beware if you think the advertised 3-year warranty stated on the box is automatic .
 Have n't had it long but seems to be a nice grinder . The fast change system for changing blades is wonderful . I would buy it again just for that feature .
 Its the first grinder I ever had and I think its awsome hard to slow down easy and change disks .
 Because my prior -LSB- high-speed -RSB- grinders too easily overheated metal parts , I now prefer slower speed machines . Wheels turning at a slower speed are less likely to disintegrate since there 's less centrifugal force , so this machine should be somewhat safer than a 3450-RPM grinder . All things being equal , a 3450 RPM grinder will remove material faster , but the motor on this 1725 RPM grinder is so powerful , to remove material faster , just press harder.The 23-725 is big and heavy . In spite of Amazon and Delta claiming this is a 100 lb . device , the box it came in weighed `` only '' 82 pounds - so the machine probably weighs about 79 pounds . That 's still plenty heavy . The wheels are 15.75 '' from wheel center to wheel center ; it 's 10.75 '' to the top of the motor housing ; 19 '' wide not counting the eye shields , 12 '' to the top of the wheel housing ; 11.4 '' deep without the water tray , and 12.75 '' deep with the water tray.The cast iron motor frame , tool rests & tool-rest brackets , plus the four large rubber feet , keeps vibration within the acceptable range , and gives the tool a look and feel of quality and heft . The tool-rests are rock-solid . The toggle switch is protected , so it 's unlikely you 'll accidentally turn it on , a good safety feature . The lift-off water tray is amply sized . The fitted lamp is quite nice and the gooseneck section is about the right length . At the rear of each wheel 's housing is an inward facing 13/4 '' dust port for a vacuum hook-up . As an alternative , a rubber-banded sock over each port seems to catch most of the grit . The grinder comes with a wheel-dressing tool.The box said Made in Taiwan . Many years ago that might have been an indication of lower quality , but it seems to me that this tool looks good enough to have said Made in the USA.As a point of reference , the Sears Craftsman 8 '' professional grinder -LRB- model # 21158 , Internet or catalog only -RRB- looks nearly identical but costs slightly more -LRB- not counting tax & shipping -RRB- , is a 3450 rpm machine , and does n't come with an aluminum oxide wheel.If you already own a grinder , consider retrofitting your old machine with wire wheels and/or buffing wheels.This Delta is a professional grade grinding machine . I 've had the 10 '' version of this grinder -LRB- Delta 23-735 , now discontinued -RRB- for a couple of years , and have used it countless times . Perhaps that 's the ultimate accolade ; I liked the 10 '' model so much , I bought this one for my son .
 My first impression of this grinder was that it is HUGE and HEAVY . It is no wonder that the cardboard box and styrofoam packaging arrived in pretty bad shape . Nothing damaged though and it went together in just a few minutes . The lamp comes without a light bulb but I found that the recommended 40 watt reflector track light bulb works well.I am a woodturner so I am interested in smooth running wheels that leave a good cutting edge on my high speed steel tools . The grinding wheels that come with this unit are of reasonable quality and produce good results with proper dressing . The dressser that comes with the grinder is OK for truing the wheel but leaves the surface a little too rough for my liking so I use a diamond dresser.The tool rests are strong and solid but if you need to make frequent adjustments to the rest , as I do , you should think about replacing the supplied bolts with rachet knobs for easier adjustment.I think that Delta should have connected the two grinder exhaust ports together , as they face each other , and provided a single vacuum connection . The side facing exhaust portrs make connecting an exhaust hose awkward.The grinder I received runs very quiet with almost no vibration once that the wheels trued up . It takes up a lot more space on my work bench than the old sears grinder it replaced but the extra clearance between the wheels and motor housing makes grinding curved surfaces much easier . All in all , I am very pleased with this unit and I am sure that I will get many years of good service from it . For the price it is hard to beat .
 This grinder is outstanding . Over 100 lbs . Well made . Almost as good as a Baldor , much better and more substantial than the Woodcraft 8 '' slow grinder that I purchased -LRB- two of them -RRB- and returned before buying this one.First , it 's made in China , as shown in the Technical details page on the Amazon web site . I was disappointed when the box came and I read it one the outside . But when I saw the quality of the grinder I had to check the box again . It 's such high quality I did n't think it was made overseas.Second it comes with a 60grit grey wheel and a 120grit white wheel.I had two Delta grinders sent from Amazon . The first box arrived in very bad shape , lotsa damage . The grinder substained considerable damage . The second one came and the box looked almost as bad . This time only the lamp was damaged so I 'll just get Delta to ship me a replacement part.Other than the shipiing damage problems , and Amazon was great about returing it and sending me another , this grinder is great quality and exceptional value .
 After mounting the grinder to my stand , it ran perfectly smooth and I love the power . You ca n't slow this baby down by grinding heavy steel . The supplied grinding wheels were perfectly balanced and I 'm very happy with the choice of stones it came with . Regardless of its origin , Delta has done a great job with this grinder . You have power to spare . Do n't let the fact that it is considered a `` Slow Speed '' grinder fool you . With the 3/4 horse motor and 8 '' wheels , you can grind away materiel very rapidly by using more preasure . You WILL NOT slow it down . Although it is a rather large grinder , I prefer the mass . It gives you a sense of good solid construction . If you want a professional grade heavy duty grinder for home -LRB- or work -RRB- , the Delta 23-725 will serve you well . I 've purchased three grinders over the past three years . And nothing bothers me more than having the grinding wheels stop because you applied too much preassure . As always , I 'm pleased with the service I get from Amazon . If you need a great heavy duty grinder at a medium price , buy the Delta 23-725 . You wo n't be disappointed in performance or appearance .
 Excellent grinder , used for sharpening HSS wood turning tools . At 90lbs , this heavy duty grinder should last a long time . Easy set up and quiet operation , no vibration . Amazon dropped shipped , no damage , no problems . Enjoy !!!
 The grinder arrived the day after I ordered it . Amazon Prime is worth the money . The grinder runs strong , true , and steady . The wheels dressed up quickly with the enclosed dresser . I would purchase this same unit again . Not a lot more money than a grinder with only half the power from the local big box store . Thanks Amazon !
 It 's exactly as expected . It is true , the wheels it comes with do need to be trued , but that only takes a second , and I due that with all new wheels any ways . Quick assembly , but poor instruction . Could have more pics , but any one with any mechanical adbility will breeze through it . One complaint , is I wish the light came with a light bulb . Oh , and it does come with a wheel dresser ! It arrived in an abused box , but none of the parts were damaged , I had it running shortly just to make sure , and it 's great !
 The only drawback -- do not even attempt to lift this by yourself , weighs in at over 100 lbs ! Motor runs very smooth and exceptionally quiet . Both wheels are more than adequate for all sharpening needs and are of high quality . Thank you both Delta and Amazon.com for delivering such a remarkable product directly to my workshop !
 I bought this from Amazon , but the first one arrived damaged in shipping . It 's pretty heavy , and it had been dropped on it 's side and damaged the side of the grinder -LRB- Amazon quickly replaced -RRB- . I needed this grinder to sharpen wood turning tools . I also got the Wolverine grinding jig . In some of the less expensive grinders , you have to build up a base under the center part of the grinder to elevate it up enough to allow you to mount the Wolverine jig under the grinding wheel . But this model of grinder seems to have taken that into account already , and it 's base is high enough that you have room to mount a jig under the wheel without any modifications . I replaced the wheels with some nicer Norton models . Overall , I 'm very happy with the grinder . It 's not that noisy , and it 's well balanced and smooth .
 Have not used this as I am renovating and purchased item a little early by ordering at the same time as some more items from Amazon . I have no doubt that this product will be just fine . I have used hundreds of these in my past maintenance business . Received very timely manner and condition was as promised by seller .
 This is the workhorse of the industry . No other brand can come even close to this one in the heavy duty category . Very light and easy to handle . Too bad that manufacturer discontinued it and replaced it with a heavier and bigger tool the W8 . Hopefully they realize the mistake and will reinstate it .
 The finish matches my old Moen and seems to be durable , and it 's not plastic . As with most tub spouts the female 1/2 '' connection is about 6 inches into the spout . It is excatly what I wnated .
 What can i say ? Its a toilet seat ! But it arrived on time , fits the unit nicely and the hinge works both ways . It 's a nice product .
 I am in the process of renovating 3 of my bathrooms . My contractor told me that Kohler was the best in faucets -LRB- any kitchen and bath item , really -RRB- . I found the Kohler Memoirs toilet first , and then saw the Memoirs faucets , sinks and other accessories . These faucets are solid . But they are also very graceful . These will last for years and the style is timeless . Extremely happy with this purchase .
 This base is designed to fit the curved front base of the Powermatic 14 '' bandsaw . In use , it handles the weight of the saw and rolls very smoothly . That is of course what it is suppose to do , but I could n't give it 5 stars.The wheel locks go from inconvenient to absurd . The large swivel caster has a lever on it but it is not designed to be foot activated . This style lock on a power tool is a bit out dated . The absurd comes when you look at the locks on the other two wheels . What you get are a thumb screws that get tightened against the tread of the tire . I know Fred Flintstone stopped his car by dragging his feet ... but come on Powermatic , this is not a cheap base !
 This is the best type of portability to use with my new Powermatic 14 '' Bandsaw . This unit came assembled and works very well . I 'd recommend this unit to anyone interested in having their power tools mobile . I can take this unit outside of my small shop , controlling saw dust within my small shop . All my heavy power tools are mobile .
 Very handy piece of machinery ! I have a large shop and tend to work in different locations depending on the project so the ability to move the saw to where it 's needed is a real plus . The base works smoothly , locking it is a simple matter , and it is very stable . I think this should be considered a must have option unless you are sure the saw will remain in one spot forever .
 This base made the perfect addition to my PW bandsaw . Although the wheel brakes are a little dated in design or concept , they work well . This base fits the PW 14 '' bandsaw very well and works even better .
 This base fit the saw perfectly and gives me mobility to the bandsaw . Since my workshop is in our garage , it is essential that all my woodworking machine be mounted on wheels for ease of moving .
 I should have purchased this when I bought the bandsaw but thought I could live without it . I was wrong , putting this together was a snap and fits the saw perfectly . Would recommend to anyone .
 This not only was a necessity for my limited space but also a Great Value . This carriage is a high quality product custom made for this Saw , no worry of it slipping off it also smooth rolling for easy placement the pivot caster locks beautifully in place you can feel confident the saw will remain stationary when using it.Armand Desjardins .
 The mobile base is custom made for this band saw and fits like a glove . The quality is excellent and allows the band saw to be moved with ease .
 Have only used it once , but this is an impressive tool , the four cutters bore through 50-year-old hard concrete like it 's hardly there .
 This is the most beautiful switch plate I have ever seen . I am so impressed and I will order more .
 I bought thiI bought this item to drill through 12 '' cinder blocks . I was n't optimistic but the price is good and a core drill rental is moderately expensive . This hole saw cut through the faces and web easily . I bored two of these and the teeth are still sharp . Each hole took about 20 minutes . I could have used water to lubricate and cool the saw but I did n't . The saw stayed cool and remained sharp .
 I bought the Ridgid version approximately 1 year ago when I learned it was made by Metabo . It has worked flawlessly on a great number of projects . I normally connect it to my shop vac . The dust collection works great . An excellent purchase .
 After using 5 '' sanders for years , this 6 '' is a dream . I researched them quite a bit , the Metabo is solid , hooks up to my vacuum easily , has comfortable handles and the detachable front handle is easy to change . The variable speed dial is tough to adjust , and the rubber dust hood above the base pad sometimes comes loose and rubs against the orbiting base . Stop immediately if that happens , take off base , press/snap down the dust hood . The dust bag works as well as any of them , but this one is stronger and easier to empty than most .
 This is a machine that runs very smooth and quiet and does an exceptional job at removing wood . I have it connected to a vacuum system and it is truly dust free . It has been replaced by a newer model that is n't nearly as good . This machine is substantial and should last many years .
 I just bought this tool after carefully studying the best 6 '' random orbit sanders out there . There were two winners , the Bosch 1250DEVs and the SXE450 . The main difference between these two were the price -LRB- $ 100 more for the Bosch -RRB- and also my experience with both brands . Bosch is ok , but Metabo are top of the line tools made to last longer than anything else on the market . I have already used it is several projects and just ca n't wait to use it in turbo mode to remove stock with 60 grit -LRB- it does it at a very decent rate to be a random orbit sander -RRB- and to finish wood all the way to 240 grit - I tell you , use this tool and you will fall in love with it for a loooooong time .
 I am retired and do woodworking as a hobby . Most of my woodworking is turning wood on a lathe to make bowls , closed vessels and other pieces made from downed trees . A professional wood turner recommended the Metabo 3 '' random orbit sander for finishing turned objects . I had been using right angle drills with sanding attachments for all my power sanding , using 2 '' and 3 '' disks from 80 grit to 400 grit . This machine does a great job . It is well made and heavy duty . The finish it produces is excellent with no scratches from the sand paper . 220 grit leaves a very smooth finish ! The disc size is metric so it is slightly larger than 3 '' . I bought 3 '' Velcro sanding pads to fit my sandpaper discs.The Metabo tools are industrial tools . I have seen them in use on construction projects . As such they cost more than consumer products but they are well worth the extra cost . This tool gets heavy use in my shop but I expect it to last many years .
 It is becoming increasingly difficult to find tools which are not made in China . Thankfully , Metabo still manufactures this tool in Germany - at least of the date of this review . The German high quality shows in this 31/8 inch random orbit sander/polisher . This is a well designed tool . The unit fits the hand well , the switch is conveniently located and the motor is smooth , strong and quiet . The rpm range runs from 5,000-10 ,000 rpm . The unit 's smooth motor produces virtually no vibration which makes the unit easy to hold for long periods of time without the user experiencing hand fatigue or numbness . The tool can comfortably be held and operated using one hand as designed.I purchased this unit to use polishing and waxing smaller areas on my automobile -LRB- A-Frame of roof support , around license plate , etc. -RRB- where my six inch random orbital polisher is a bit too large to use effectively . I use the Griot 's Garage 3 inch polishing and waxing foam pads along with the Griot 's Garage polishes and waxes -LRB- available through Amazon or directly through Griot 's Garage -RRB- . I have also used the unit with Griot 's plastic polish to polish the plastic rear window on my convertible and plastic headlight covers on my cars and have achieved good results . The Metabo was worked well in all these polishing applications.This is the first Metabo tool that I have purchased . For the last couple of years I have bought Festool tools almost exclusively . Festool is an ultra-premium German tool line . Based on my experience with this random orbit polisher , I would definitely purchase another Metabo tool.UPDATE 6/12
 Love it . I was a bit concerned that it might be too big for my hand , but it 's worked out just fine .
 Works at getting into those tight spaces that bigger random orbits can not handle . Light weight means less hand fatigue but has a solid feel that makes me believe this tool is built to last . Been using mine for a couple of years , although i do not use it alot , -LRB- not every day one needs 3 '' size , go bigger when you can of course -RRB- , it performs when i need it !
 I bought one of these a little while ago and gave myself sufficient testing time before writing this review . This tool is really nice . It 's small size , small orbit and variable speed make it perfect for my lathe jobs when sanding is needed or the myriad other small sanding jobs where other sanders are simply too big or cumbersome.The only two drawbacks I can see are the pad size . 3-1/8 '' is a little big for standard US 3 '' sheets and too small to fit the Festool RO 90 sheets . 3-1/8 '' is not something you can just pick up anywhere . Secondly , the pad is very light and well balanced . Adding a foam pad for contour work adds just enough weight to throw the balance off causing more vibration than normal . Nothing major but enough to be noticeable . Other than that , the sander is a trooper , even with 40 grit paper . It 's certainly no toy , what Metabo learned with their grinders is obviously in play here . The SXE400 is a strong and very smooth sander . I find the Metabo sander and the Fein Multimaster , are the perfect pair of small sanding options . They serve slightly different needs but I find both indispensable .
 These are designed and built so well . I use mine at least a couple a days a week for work , even through that much operation they hold up well . These are the only sanders i 'll recommend , great value too .
 tried using my bigger sanders and buffers on my motorcycle restoration hobby , but they were to cumbersome and hard to control . This thing is great , good speed control and dust removal - very solid and well made
 Am very happy with this light . Has a solid , sort of perfected feel to it ; like it 'll last for decades and if dropped say 20 ft on concrete , will unquestionably still work - no problem . It seems to me like a lot of work went into upgrading the mini maglite to LED . Very useful all around ; not to bright to use indoors , yet plenty bright for the outdoors - focuses well to throw a good distance.Battery life is great with lithium aa batteries . Lasts close to five hours with consistent brightness -LRB- not nearly so much with the alkalines -RRB- . Also will last at least another 6-8 hours -LRB- got tired of waiting -RRB- at a dimmer but usable level . Overall , this is a bargain at $ 20 .
 Very high light output even for 3 AA 's . Much better than the 2 AA 's with any LED upgrade -LRB- though that should be expected -RRB- . As with all the smaller mags you can adjust the beam width and also use it as a standing lamp . Its also long enough to perhaps be used as a pry bar . My mom carried it every day and claims she could use it as a weapon in lieu of pepper spray , but I dont think she 's fast enough or strong enough . I think it would just anger an assailant.The reason I marked it down was that after a couple years something happened to the inside of the body , I cant get the AA 's in or out . It looks like theres a deformity on the inner surface , but I cant get the batteries out to fix or investigate it . Cant use it any more . I didnt pay a lot and got plenty of use out of it , so its not all bad , but if it had gone out during a camping trip no amount of spare batteries would help.Also it should be noted the seller is asking way too much for this . You can get it at Home Depot or Sears for about half the listed price . There are plenty of brighter CREE LED 's from other brands but none at this reasonable price with the longevity of 3 AA 's .
 Pretty bright , but what 's really good is that I 've used it almost daily in my job since buying it back in April , and have n't changed the batteries yet . That 's over 5 months . Seems as solid as a maglite is suposed to be .
 Very bright flashlight . Penetrating beam of light . Will cut through smoke , fog , etc. . Looks and feels study .
 Light , bright , tough , convienent switch , and in yellow I can even find it where I laid it down ! Now , to get one for my wife 's car !
 Great product , a little pricy but worth it.Different from my other mobile bases as you dont raise it up to move , you just unlock the casters.Assembly was easy 4 bolts to attach the ends together and its done.Very well made and sturdy product . . Very happy . .
 4 bolts and your ready to roll . makes a huge diffrence with a 300lbs saw
 I can only echo the fine points made by others . Not a flaw with this tool . Buy .
 I bought this to replace my old Metabo , which I had had for over 24yrs . This is the best jig saw that there is !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I useit more than any power tool that I have .
 This is the same saw as the rigid -LRB- Home Depot -RRB- . I paid $ 149 for the first one I got . They went down to $ 99 with a lifetime warranty . I bought another . They are excellent . I also have a Bosch . These are just as good .
 German engineering proves , time and again , to be the logical choice . I have used Bosch 's quick-change jig saw extensively and in every way , the Metabo is it 's superior . It 's 6 amp motor , overpowers Bosch 's 5 and 5.5 . The Metabo quick-change is less cumbersome and quicker than that of the Bosch . Metabo 's electronic variable speed is much more user-friendly and far more adjustable than the trigger adjustment others use . Though Amazon does not show it , this model does come with a case , an anti-splitering insert , and a blade . It takes a the t-style quick change blades -LRB- so you wo n't have to hunt for special blades -RRB- . This saw cuts faster and cleaner than anything I 've ever used and it 's definately worth the extra money .
 Like the previous reviewer , I had also used and liked the Bosch jigsaw . I am not a pro nor do I have access to testing equipment . Still like the Bosch , but IMHO this Metabo saw beats it hands down.Did do a side by side , and the sound is less high pitched and thus less painfull to the ear . The cuts are smooth and steady , but so are the cuts with the Bosch . The Metabo is a bit bigger and heavier , but I like that just fine . Hooks up perfectly to my Fein shop vac and does n't leave but a speck or two of dust to pick up . Blade changing is simpler and more secure - I never liked that turn the top of the handle till it clicks and clicks feature on the Bosch.Sometimes things and opinions become accepted as fact without any further discussion , the Bosch being a perfect example . While it was the first and probably the best for many years , most people it seemed to me , assumed it is the best without seriously checking the entire competition , including the new Metabo , Fein and Festool jigsaws.While it has become a cliche that German engineering and manufacturing is the best in the world , I believe there is more than a bit of truth here . And I am a USA guy all the way.Maybe this jigsaw is n't for everyone , but it 's worthy of a serious look for anyone in the market for a world class saw.Bob Marino
 I own the barrel-grip version of this jigsaw and really like it ; although , I had to buy it from Tools Plus since Amazon does n't carry it . I especially like the 12 ' long cord.I use the barrel-grip version of this jigsaw for a variety of remodeling tasks , but it 's invaluable as a coping tool , particularly when working with hardwood crown moulding . To use the jigsaw for coping , I highly recommend replacing the factory foot with the Collins Coping Foot -LRB- from Collins Tool Company -RRB- , which allows you to make all sorts of extreme cuts . The saw is held upside down so that it 's easy to see the blade and accuratly follow the coping line , and this is where the barrel-grip version of the jigsaw comes in handy because it 's so easy to grip upside down . There 's no handle to get in the way . I 'd give the barrel grip version 5 stars without reservation.The other day I was dismayed to see the exact same saw as the top handle Metabo jigsaw for sale at Home Depot . The only difference was that it was marketed under the Ridgid brand and cost about $ 30 less than the Metabo . I looked at the Ridgid very carefully and it was identical to the Metabo in all ways except color . I suspect there must be a shared product licensing deal between Ridgid and Metabo . The good side of Ridgid selling the same saw is that accessories like the anti-splinter insert should be widely available wherever there 's a Home Depot . The 4 star rating is because Metabo charges $ 30 more than Ridgid for the exact same jigsaw.Update
 There are alot of good saws out there that have a few good features but there 's only one saw that has all the good features . The Metabo STEB 105 PLUS is a great saw . It has a blower so you can see your work , it has a real good blade changing lever , orbital settings , and one of the most important features to me is I have A great view of the blade and my work piece .
 I ended up buying the barrel handle version from Tools Plus because Amazon did n't carry it -LRB- I did ask Amazon if they could get it -RRB- . As others have said , it 's very smooth , the blade changing mechanism is better than Bosch 's , and it feels sturdier than the Bosch which I was able to pick up at Home Depot . While I was cutting a rail for a sliding tub door , the blade jammed into the aluminum , but the body of the jigsaw absorbed most of the shock.If you use the vacuum extension , dust does n't fly all over the room . It lands in a neat pile directly under where you cut . The blower also keeps the blade clear so you can see what it 's cutting . The included cord is nice and long . The case is humungous ; no idea why they made it so big.The biggest plus the Bosch has is you can get parts for it anywhere . The Metabo takes Bosch blades , but it takes some digging to find the anti-splintering inserts , etc. . Metabo has a bunch of other accessories that no one seems to carry in the US -LRB- ask the MetaboUSA.com folks for the catalog page -RRB- , like a really expensive edge guide , no mar feet , etc. .
 This is without question a great jigsaw , better than the old Bosch reliable . However , if you 're in the market for very high end jigsaws , you 'll have to also consider the Fein -LRB- also from Germany -RRB- and which you 'll probably need to special order . The one downfall of Metabo , which you need to be aware of , is that if it breaks , it 's a pain in the -LSB- rear -RSB- to get it fixed . -LRB- In America , at any rate . -RRB- Good Luck !
 Anybody using power tools realises the benefit of having power enough to do the job and some to spare , it 's a good feeling to realise that the machine is not going to tear its guts out inspite of it being pushed . Well this machine gives me that feeling when I 'm cutting 2x timber with the orbital mode switched on to max . all the other features are just a plus , as far as I 'm concerned , I want that work done well . That 's not to say I do n't appreciate the efficency of dust collection , or the low decibel of the motor whine . So go out and buy this machine it may be a few bucks more ... but it will not disappoint
 This is a great saw . I like that it has a blower so i can see where I , m cutting without the saw dust blocking my view . The blade changing is n't as good as the Milwaukee but its still pretty easy and alot better than the Bosch.I have a good view of the blade while I 'm cutting which I did n't have with the Milwaukee . It has plenty of power and handles very good . It 's worth the few extra bucks .
 When you need the power , this has it . It cuts thru a 2x4 with ease . I have a Craftsman that failed to cut 2x4 's for a deck I was building . Metabo has no problem doing the job . Only thing I would like to see is a few bits to be included as you can not locally find them . Use Bosch bits .
 After my last jigsaw failed prematurely I started looking for an alternative brand . This one is costly , but worth every dime .
 Love the look of these handles . They look great on our cabinets . Seem to be good quality and I think they have a lifetime warranty .
 This was purchased to replace missing components in a passenger railcar . The price was right and the fitting functioned as advertised . It was much less expensive than going through any of the better known on-line hardware catalogs -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- .
 This fitting works very well . Anderson Metals Brass Hose Fitting , Connector , 1 '' Barb x 1 '' Male PipeUsed with greywater plumbing from the washing machine .
 I use the LinkRunnerPro to troubleshoot a domain with 150 nodes . This little device has helped my quickly diagnose problems over and over and the first request I will make if I go to a different job will be for another copy . But , if you do not have experience with this sort of device learning it 's quirks can be a little frustrating . Fluke has tremendous documentation for most of it 's devices , including detailed user manuals and instructional online videos . The LinkRunnerPro , however , comes with a totally lame quickstart guide that fails to disclose what all of the icons and indicators actually symbolize . There is no additional documentation or instructions online . Do n't expect to use it out of the box to troubleshoot . You may need to spend several hours walking around your network with it , figuring out how it actually works.LinkRunnerPro = ***** LinkRunnerPro Documentation = *
 This is absolutely the best network tester I 've owned.Make sure you upgrade yours to the latest firmware , this corrects the `` waiting game issue '' another reviewer was talking about.I love being able to plug in and identify which VLAN and physical port I 'm in -LRB- I use only Cisco managed switches , your results may vary with other switches -RRB- Wish the network ID sticks were n't so expensive , but at least it comes with one : -RRB-
 This tool is an amazingly simple piece of equipment ! With it , you are able to check the cabling , check the network , trace the line , and more that I am sure that is in there . It is extremly easy to use , and with little to no reading , you are able to plug it in and get up and running the moment it is delivered to you . I wo n't do any networking work without this little baby !!
 it is doing what it is supposed to do , and it is stainless steel , and simple construction helps keep it working for a long time , it could use a weaker spring , but it has plenty of adjustment length
 This is just as you expect . It went on in 2 minutes , another minute to adjust the spacing better , and voila the door catches again . It seems a bit `` cheapy '' but then I do n't think they make any out of titanium . I 'd buy again if needed .
 An inexpensive way to stock up before they stop selling them in the near future . I bought 4 cases of 24 and tested all of the bulbs the day I received them via UPS . Out of 96 total bulbs , 9 were either broken , would not light at all or burn out immediately upon testing . I expected a few to fail but not 9 ; oh well , that 's to be expected if you ship light bulbs .
 Every time the nanny state shoves something down our throat `` for our own good , '' you can bet it 'll be found later that it was n't safer/better after all . If it were better , safer , or more economical , it would n't be necessary to legislate its competition out of business.The same people who are telling us today that fluorescent light bulbs are going to save Mother Gaia are the very ones who have been warning us about the dreadful dangers from the `` mercury '' in vaccines , the mercury in seafood , and the mercury amalgam in dental fillings . When these gullible folk find out that breaking one of these things by accident will make their home the site of a minor mercury spill , you can expect a panic/anti-fluorescent backlash . Perhaps you 'll even be able to make a profit on your stock of these lovely , reliable Sylvania bulbs.Personally , I 'm less worried about potential mercury poisoning than about a potential uptick in suicides brought about by the deathly green pallor of curly-bulb lights . But me , I 'll be basking in my warm incandescent glow , having stocked up on these while I had the chance .
 After reading all of the one star reviews , because of shipping damage . I was afraid to order these bulbs . I thought I would certainly have several broken bulbs , and some more that would blow out when I tested them . I ordered two boxes , and tested all 48 . Not one blew out . The package arrived with only 1 bulb broken . I 'm totally satisfied . Two cases of bulbs fit nicely into the box Amazon sent to me via USPS , with a little room to spare for some other small items . I 'm buying these before mercury containing cfls are our only option , already broke one on my kitchen floor . With two small children , 5mg of extra mercury floating around my house is 5mg too much . I will order again . Thank you .
 These bulbs were purchased as a reserve until the idiotic law banning incandescent bulbs is finally repealed . Since I live in California , this may be a while . In the meantime , I am stocking up .
 I bought these just to them in case it gets hard to find them . I 'm sure they will work great .
 ... and as usual , very quickly from Amazon . I only got 3 cases , but that should allow me to continue to ignore the global warming profiteers and those they 've deluded -LRB- at least in this regard -RRB- for some years to come .
 I just got an order of 24 and everything was fine . I tried one out next to a GE Reveal bulb and it was pretty comparable light quality . Will be getting a few more before the govt shuts everything down .
 I purchased these light bulbs to switch back to incandescent , after making the mistake of believing what the television/news/government was telling me about compact fluorescent bulbs being better and saving me money . I switched over to CFL bulbs in my new house but it was a BIG MISTAKE . They take a minute or two in order reach some kind of operating temperature , which is too long if you are just turning on the light to quickly go into the bathroom . They are not even bright enough by the time I leave the bathroom , and as they get old they do n't ever get reasonably bright . The CFLs I bought also die much more quickly than advertised . The light that CFL bulbs give off is also cold and ugly.I switched all of my bulbs back to incandescent about a month ago , and I purchased this 24 pack as a big part of that transition . They all worked , not a single broken filament , my house is bright and warm again with these lovely bulbs glowing in many fixtures and free standing lamps . SAY NO TO CFL SAY YES TO THESE SYLVANIA BULBS !!!
 Straightforward review : * when these arrived I tired all 24 to see if they worked . They all did , but 3 of them blew out while I was testing them . So far , in everyday use , no problems with the 10 I 'm using . On the whole , good value in my book.Very bright . Just perfect .
 Bought them for stock , did not notice the 130v rating plugged one in seems plenty bright . so i 'm basically happy .
 These bulbs are rated 100w at 130v . As regular household voltage is 120v , these are effectively 88 watt bulbs . Buy accordingly .
 This is a very good deal , they arrived quickly , your basic 100 watt light bulb that will soon be no longer available at any price . Stock up now while you can ! Note
 It only takes one person to change this light bulb . It is 130 volt so it should outlast the 120 volt models . The price is right , so buy some now , as in a year or two you wo n't be able to get them .
 I bought these light bulbs to stock up because of the government banning them after this year . They arrived quickly but one was broken . Hope the others work ok .
 These bulbs are excellent ! Buy 130v instead of 120v and they will last longer as little electrical spikes wo n't blow them . Also , they are made in the United States . Most bulbs are coming from China these days . Let 's support domestic manufacturing .
 I will be hoarding these lovelies . Just got back from Target and Lowe 's and they have their friendly notice that incandescent bulbs are being phased out . This makes my blood boil ! I will be buying Sylvania brand and wo n't touch GE/Immelt with a 10 foot pole . Loved reading all the other comments , too . When will Congress ever get a clue ?
 Improving on the bad luck of other reviewers , mine arrived well packed and no bulbs were broken . I tried 8 of them and all lit up brightly . I held back one star because one of the bulbs had only partial coverage of the internal white coating .
 This is your last chance to get some decent light bulbs before the federal government makes you go with the hazmat suit bulbs that are supposedly better for the environment .
 Good bulbs . Thank God I beat the lighting police on this one . As for CFLs
 I wanted to have a supply of these on hand since they are getting rarer to get , and you ca n't find them in California anymore . Everyone wants to switch to those twisty bulbs , but I do n't like them for everything . This will keep me stocked for awhile . They arrived safe and sound without any breakage .
 The spiral lightbulbs are mandated in California to the exclusion of incandescent buld . They are energy efficient , but do not provide the same brightness . Therefore it is helpful to have an alternate source of bulbs for cerain locations in the house .
 Ordered these with two other items and Amazon packed all the items in one large outer box and when UPS delivered I immediately opened it to check the bulbs and not one bulb was broken ! Remember - come Jan 01 , 2013 - the standard 100 watt incandescent bulb will no longer be sold . We just waste way too much energy using these little hundred-year old miracles ! I guess all simple ways of living must end , huh ?
 Thanks for having what we needed at a great price ! We will purchase again as soon as the need arises .
 so far , only tried out a few of them and seems to be good shape . shipped quickly and all came in one big box with smaller ones inside . seems to have packed well and what can i say , if you want those bright light in 100W now a days , you ca n't go wrong with this as you ca n't get them in most stores now . too bad . price was good too .
 This case of bulbs came securely packaged . I used 6 of them right away , and all 6 worked . Sometimes there 's a high failure rate on bulbs right out of the package . My initial experience with these bulbs makes me optimistic that this wo n't be a problem .
 What can I say , these are your basic 100 watt incandescent light bulbs . Another reviewer said these last longer due to the higher 130-volt bulbs . We had replaced most of our bulbs around the house with fluorescent believing they were saving us money . As another reviewer said , they really do n't in the long run because the `` long life '' they advertise is only if they were left on full time , not shut off daily like most household lights are ! As these bulbs age , they become very dim , and we were tired of not being able to see as well in our house ! We decided to go back to incandescent bulbs in some of the most important light fixtures so we can actually read the newspaper at night , so I ordered this case from Amazon . They arrived quickly & in perfect condition . We love the light and believe that people should continue to use these types of bulbs in their homes before they become obsolete . Remember also that florescent bulbs are filled with mercury , which ends up in our landfills since nobody has created a way to dispose of those bulbs properly ! I may follow up with a video review of these bulbs vs. the florescent bulbs in our home so you can see what a difference they make !
 They work well , shine bright , and - best of all - make me feel constantly proud to be screwing the eco-nazis . Screw you , Al Gore ! Keep your hands off my thermostat , light bulbs and recycling bins . I worked hard for my money ; I 'll spend it however I choose .
 An excellent long life bulb that provides superior lighting . Also , the higher voltage rating allows this bulb to survive voltage spikes that destroy lesser bulbs . Manufactured in St. Marys , Pennsylvania .
 These bulbs will soon be illegal . Our government is borrowing 40 % of it 's budget , yet it is still so over-staffed that it can worry about what kind of light bulbs citizens use . I will be relieved when Uncle Sam is too broke to care about idiocy like this . Our national debt will be up to $ 20 trillion before long -LRB- it 's growing at about $ 1.3 trillion per year now -RRB- , so a true `` austerity '' budget will soon be all we can afford . Yippy !
 I love these 100W bulbs primarily because they provide great light and heat . I pay my own power bill , having earned my way , and I do n't like the ill light provided by fluorescents -LRB- anybody remember `` Joe Versus the Volcano '' ? -RRB- The other feature is that they 're made by Sylvania rather than the sell out Government Electric.First they came for your phosphate dish-washing detergent , now they come for your incandescent light bulbs ... and want you to replace them with mercury laden poison factories that give off sickening light . Where do these regressive ` progressives ' ever stop ?
 These are great light bulbs ! They last long , and offer great light to read by , or support whatever it is you are doing . Stock up before the incandescent light bulb is officially illegal to sell in the United States . Amazon offers a fantastic price on these . The one shipment I received with broken bulbs -LRB- out of three shipments so far -RRB- was replaced with a one-day shipment via FedEx .
 A 100 watt light bulb gives off a 100 watts of Warm heat and 1750 Lumens of Light . A Fluorescent bulb gives off 23 watts of no heat , and 1100 lumens of light . I have lamps in my bed room , and they give off 400 watts of nice warm heat , plus plenty of good reading light , which increases the temperature in my bedroom by at least 6 degrees , and takes out the chill in the air in my bedroom . I did n't realize that factor , till when I changed all the bulbs to fluorescent , and wondered why it was the bedroom had such a chill , plus how poor the light they gave out to read by . The Incandescent bulbs make a big , big different , do n't lose their brightness , like the Fluorescent bulbs do , and give off nice warm heat .
 These are awesome INCANDESCENT light bulbs that give wonderful , warm white light instantly when the switch is flipped . They also completely lack the toxic mercury content that our representative government is so insistent on jamming down our throats . Go Carbon !
 You can pry my 100 watt incandescent from my cold dead hand -LRB- all apologies to Charlton Heston -RRB- . Only a liberal green weenie would replace a perfectly safe tool of illumination with a much more expensive , lower quality , and highly hazardous product .
 Works fine , all american incadescent light bulbs ! They will have to take my light bulbs from my cold dead hands .
 Works fine . Buy as many as you can before eco-fascists and evironMentals take our ` bulb ' freedoms away . Make sure they 're stored in a cool , dry place . Some might have expiry dates . Good luck ! -LRB- -LRB- Who knew we 'd be writing such things in the free world . I feel the Communist Soviet Russia is governing us . WoW ! -RRB- -RRB-
 Great for fourteen dollars and forty-nine cents delivered via prime.I have had these for a few months , they are quite bright on 120V and I have not had a bad one and I have used many.I came back to get a couple dozen more but Amazon is out of them so I will come back in a couple of weeks since I do not want to pay shipping .
 Replenishing the stock via Amazon . Love these bulbs . I have some neurological issues which include sleep disturbances and sensory sensitivities - stark white light and lights that emit a higher-than-I-can-tolerate blue - ultraviolet wavelength mar my already fragile circadian rhythm and tend to make me cranky and an otherwise unpleasant person to be around . I did the CFL thing for years - just before it got big here in the US - and I 'm doing the opposite of some countries and phasing CFL 's out of my house . I ca n't stand the things . I 've been putting up with them for almost a decade , and I 'm done . I 've had it . I 'm going to start stockpiling incandescents , and possibly take an occasional trip to a third world nation so I can purchase them so I have enough for the rest of my life -LRB- or atleast until someone can come up with something better -RRB- . Why did I buy CFl 's in the first place ? Well , I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- as liberal as all get out . I wanted to do my part to help the world be a better place . I knew they had mercury in them , and I have been recycling them -LRB- Pretty recently - CFL 's are like cockroaches ; they just do n't die -RRB- . However , I did not consider the issues beyond the energy-saving factor . How much energy did it take for the CFL to be produced ? Was it made in a country with terrible environmental practices and human rights abuses ? -LRB- Cough ... China ... cough -RRB- And of course , how many people are actually going to recycle the CFL 's ? Not enough - which of course will inevitably pollute the groundwater with mercury , thus causing significant harm to anything that needs water to survive.I think a lot of pro-environment ideas are well-intentioned , but not thought out . Much of the electricity in the US is fueled by coal - which is mined . Electric cars ? Powered by coal . Oh , and the batteries for electric and hybrid cars ? Nearly as many carbon emissions needed to produce those as what is emitted by the life of a well-cared for economy car . I could probably spew out more examples -LRB- Do n't get me started on organic food -RRB- . A lot of things to help the environment are actually pretty simple - maintain your car , drive less , wash in cold water , eat less meat , repair clothes rather than throw away as soon as a small tear or popped off button happens , turn your thermostat down , insulate your attic , do n't buy needless crap , wear cotton -LRB- actually fairly resistant to pests due to breeding over the years and does n't need a ton of processing like bamboo rayon -RRB- , buy local food if you can , drink tap water in a reusable cup -LRB- if the water is safe in your area , as plastic bottles are wasteful and those little Brita filters are bulky and made in China -RRB- , donate usable items rather than throw away , blah blah - I `` m sure you can find more handy dandy tips on the web . If everybody did more simple things , the environment would be better . And yes , legislation to hold companies accountable for the waste they produce should be in there , too.If we all took some time to think about things in the long-term -LRB- Or atleast try to , since the human brain physiologically wired to think in the short-term -RRB- , we 'd be better off . Perhaps if we spent some more money on research for things to help the planet versus money on ... well , I 'll keep my liberal bias to myself there ... we could start coming up with better crap than CFL 's . In the meantime , I 'm going to use my incandescent light bulbs and remember to turn them off when I 'm done with them .
 I was compelled to comment on the packaging of these light bulbs because of other feedback about shipments arriving with broken bulbs . My experience is that I could stand on the box and not break a bulb -LRB- I weight 175 pounds -RRB- . Although I did not do it , I expect that I could throw the box to the ground without breaking a bulb . The outer , shipping box is 1/8 inch cardboard that is tightly sealed . The lighter boxes inside the shipping box fit snugly together and do not move . Inside each lighter box are 3 bulbs , which are separated by a buffer . I have only installed one bulb and it has been in use for 3 weeks . All things considered , I am satisfied with this purchase .
 It is a real shame the Feds decided to prohibit use of these bulbs effective 1 Jan 12 . Mr Edison 's invention is still superior to the piggly wiggly fluorescents and is far more cost efficient than the halogens . Ca n't beat the price of entry . The 130 V filaments last longer than the 110-120s .
 I did n't even open the inner corrugated box , the factory box . I could tell at least several of the 24 bulbs were broken hearing the broken glass rattle . That 's the bad news . The good news is that I learned how easy it is to return items on Amazon . A couple of clicks , print the label -- and outta here , shipping UPS prepaid . I opted to try again asking for another shipment -LRB- shipping paid as originally -RRB- rather than a refund . I want the bulbs at that inexpensive price!I did get my second shipment , bulbs intact . Maybe better packaging and a `` fragile '' designation would help eliminate the original problem.I will say this . I have not dealt with anyone on line that makes it easier or simpler to do business than Amazon .
 I had misgivings about the `` breakage '' rate of buying bulbs via mail , even though it would still beat local store prices even with significant failure rates for the 24 pack.But I am pleased to say that so far I have replaced quite a few bulbs and have not had one failure , which indicates to me that if I do run into a bad bulb it will be the exception not the rule.One thing I wo n't do is check the entire 24 pack just to write a review , but I have sampled the boxes and the packaging and so far it 's perfect.I also recommend not buying 60 watts for everything out of habit . 100 watt bulbs are very useful as desk and room lights , and in some cases are a good money saving weapon as well by replacing two bulb fixtures with one brighter bulb and one empty , saving 20 watts per fixture .
 The bulbs were attractivly priced . Packaging was excellent - no breakage . Only time will tell if the bulbs are any good . Might take a year or two .
 This product was exactly what my husband wanted.He says that the studs are tough and they do a a great job for his hobby body work . The only disappointment I found was there was no part or accessory order form with the item . It would be nice to be able to order replacement studs , tips or other items .
 This shower hook does exactly what it is suppose to . Let 's face it , this is n't some string theory run computer , it 's a shower hook and a pretty darn good one .
 the Firefly Table lamp arrived in great shape . cute lamp and great light . easy to direct the light
 This sprayer is really good for home use . I like the metal pump handle and spray hadle . The tank is solid and does feel cheap . Better quality than what I found at the BIG chain home centers for around the same price .
 This is a very well-made pump up sprayer . It is much heavier duty than the ones you typically find at the larger `` box '' stores , so the quality of the sprayer itself is a `` five star '' in my opinion . I was hoping that this more `` professional '' sprayer would come with a spray head that would adjust to be fine enough to use for indoor spraying of insecticide products , similar to those used by professional pest control companies . Unfortunately , the head on the sprayer that I received is really no different than those that come standard with the cheaper sprayers , which results in more product being dispensed than desired . In addition , when adjusted to the lowest volume of spray , the head drips after spraying , which is another problem with it . I do believe this sprayer will last a long time given the quality of construction , and perhaps I can find a different spray head which will accomplish the fine mist spray that I am trying to achieve .
 I 've been much happier with this tank sprayer than the average unit you find at a hardware store or garden center . There are more metal components -LRB- plunger , wand -RRB- than most and this adds to heft and durability . Pressurization and spray patterns are about on par with cheaper sprayers - fine , nothing exceptional but gets the job done . The only slight negative is I wish it were easier to see the water level from the outside , you can sort of see it depending on the light , but not reliably .
 It 's not super fancy , but it 's effective ; about like grandpa 's old metal sprayer , but poly-ethlsomething so it 's more durable . I like the brass fittings , but the tip seems to change spray pattern with the pressure you pump into it . Not sure if it 's me or just a strange tip . Overall I like this sprayer and prefer it over the $ 100 backpack sprayer I was using since this sprays forever once you pump it up . I use it for poison and fertilizer , and with soap as well . No complaints - for Amazon 's price this is a perfect sprayer . Like the discharge button too - very conveninent . Jason
 I bought this sprayer so I could spray pesticides myself and stop paying an exterminator $ 400/year . It 's a great quality sprayer and I have n't run into any issues with it yet .
 Bought this sprayer , better than other locally sold sprayers great deal for the money . I used it for insecticide and was very happy way with its ' performance especially the adjustment for mist to spray . Another added plus is the wand is solid brass instead of plastic .
 This sprayer is fantastic . I had bought the big box stores sprayers and they had become pieces of garbage through the years . The last one I bought was bad from day one . This spryer is great . It is sturdy , the pump handle is sturdy , and the valve is wonderful . It is just well made . I am so impressed , I am going to purchase another one for the garden .
 Found this sprayer worth the extra $ $ . I primarily use it to spray fruit trees and roses and it delivers good coverage for the foliage .
 Great quality sprayer ! It works well and is very well made . Great price at Amazon ! Nozzle works effectively and efficiently !
 This is a great sprayer if your doing your own pest control . Much better quality that the sprayers you find at lowes and HD .
 I used this sprayer various times to fumigate around the house . The canister and pump works fantastically and are very durable . The only issue is the sprayer . The adjustable tip could be better . You 're unable to adjust the spray width and it tends to leak a bit while you spray . Its still serviceable for the person who wants to save money spraying their own home instead of hiring expensive fumigators . In short , its worth purchasing it for the quality of the canister and pump , which are more important . Use the tip until it wears out or you can purchase a better quality gun .
 It 's a great product . Directions were great . Recommended by our son . Easy to clean . Would highly recommend this if you want an easy sprayer to use .
 Although I have not used this product I can tell by looking at the parts it is a quality product . I am so sick of buying gallon sprayers at the big box stores and then they only last 2 to 3 times . With the Chapin , if a part breaks I can order a replacement instead of having to toss the sprayer .
 Many earlier reviews covered the little quirks of this product ... The dribbling tip . The lack of a spill proof mechanism.I read them took heed and saw the same issues with my Chapin 21210 . BUT THEY WERE N'T deal breakers ... The mist head is beautifully fine and the adjustment head left a wide arc 90 degree cone to a fine point and shoot stream.The metal handle metal tip and metal tube all appear to be made of STURDY stuff . The O rings seem to come from some section of rawhide and may need replaced if not kept lathered in silicone grease -LRB- thank goodness I Scuba dive -RRB- . I DID NOT find a carry strap despite there being two beautiful holes for one on either side of the unit.I found pumping a but of an effort BUT DOES THIS THING EVER HOLD PRESSURE ! I filled her up pumped for about 10 full pushes and locked the lever in place . Held the trigger and let the whole deal empty ... I ran out of patience as the thing sprayed longer than it took to finish my ice tea ... coffee ... biscuit and granola bar . . I decided waiting any longer would get dreadfully fattening . In steps the pressure relief valve ... It turns out I 'd nearly sprayed the thing dry!Like my usual Scuba paranoia dictated I was careful when opening the top NOT TO TOUCH the O rings as the gook and grime from human hands can do murder on seals -LRB- doggie hair can be lethal for divers by causing leaky o-rings and seals too ! -RRB- The filter cap on the intake hose was a glorified plastic straw with a mess of holes in it . Not exactly sturdy people , but not that it 's really an issue for my intended use . I would n't mind it if there was some form of metal tube for intake an a sturdy filter mechanism that can be blasted with gasoline or diesel fuel.Neat items ... THE PRESSURE RELIEF is wonderful for fizzing out the last of the air and well thought out . The lock pump handle does take a bit of brute force to get in place.All in all this unit has nice beefy knobs a nice large cap and wide leavers making it easier to manage for arthritic hands .
 I use this to do my own home pest spraying . I use Talstar P or Tempo depending on what I 'm targeting , as recommended by a friend that is a professional . I wanted a nicer one than the cheap lawn and garden ones you get at the big stores . This fit the bill for the most part , and is leaps better than the all plastic ones.I have a few complaints however , albeit small . First the nozzle that comes with it is a cone nozzle tip , and if you 're spraying a home , I prefer a fan tip -LRB- Chapin 3-6001 -RRB- and feel the cone tip is fairly useless , causing you to apply too much product . Also I have found when I am using low pressure indoors , if I lift wand up vertically to spray a window seal or door jam , there can be a few large droplets leak out of the tip . Finally , this is nit picky , and I really like how sturdy and solid the tank is , but I wish there was some sort of sight glass showing how much liquid is in the tank , for mixing purposes and knowing how much product you have left while applying . The picture can be misleading , it is not translucent plastic , it is solid grey.All in all , it is a great product for the price , and after a significant amount of research before I bought , I 've found this to be the best bang for your buck . That has been reaffirmed over the last few months of use.Word of advice , get a crappy one for lawn chemical sprays etc , and reserve this one specifically for home pesticide use ! You 'll be happy with it .
 I 'll simply pile on
 I 've been using this sprayer for one week now and I am very pleased with it . It feels very solid and sprays perfectly . I am using it to spray weed killer in my flower beds and I feel it gives me good accuracy as to spray just the weeds and not my plants . Better off paying a couple bucks more for this sprayer than getting a cheap one that will only last one season .
 a substantial step up from the selection at home depot and lowes . you got ta keep the pressure in the tank up though if you want zero drip when you let go of the lever ; even then it 's not perfect . both the tank and wand are of robust construction and the pressure purge lever is nice . i bought 2 -LRB- one for insecticides and one for herbicides -RRB- and they should last me a good long time . my only gripe is that the hose is a little stiff .
 I bought this for my sister who is handicapped and ca n't get around like most people because she uses a walker and it 's hard to turn on or off all the lights in the evening . But with this switch , she can set up three lamps and even her Christmas tree , and with the click of the button for each outlet , it turns each one of three lamps or other electrical items on and off from the comfort of her chair . I use one for Christmas because the plug is often back of the tree and love it . DO NOT connect this to your air conditioner . It 's not made for that
 Works just as described . Rarely you might have to point the remote more towards the receiver , but it Generally works just fine ...
 I bought this from Amazon for around $ 25 bucks and it seems worth the price . 3 switches turn on and off lights from a conveniently small remote.Pros
 This product works exactly as advertized . I plugged in a couple of the outlet adaptors in different rooms and the remote will activate either one through the wall . Any item that requires a switch to operate will work with this unit , lamps , TV , an electric heater , ect . I can easily recommend this item .
 I 've had two sets of these for 3 years . I use them for outlets behind cabinets and especially for Christmas lights . I 've never had any problems with them . I wanted more but could not find them anywhere until I found them here at Amazon . Thank goodness . Only use DSI EZ Outlet Remote . When I was desperate , I tried other brands and they just did n't do the trick . I can even turn lights on upstairs in our living room from down in our basement family room . They are awesome .
 I am very happy with this product and even gave one as a gift . I wish the range was a little longer but it is very happy and will most likely purchase another unit . The vendor also ships very quickly and includes a battery !
 I have 2 sets of lights plugged into these and I have n't had any issues with them so far . The remote works great in any direction -LRB- you do n't neet to point it at the actual outlet -RRB- but the space I am using it in is quite small . I do recommend it !
 This product seems to work well . The only criticism is that the units you plug into the outlet are very large and , depending on the type of the second plug you try to use in that outlet , it may not fit when the control unit is in place .
 works pretty good . . there are times that i have to stand in front of the thing to get it to turn on , but otherwise , it works fine . we have our christmas tree hooked up to it , and also a few other christmas lights . i would recommend this for christmas ! hope it holds up through next year !
 Can take remote with us when we leave in evening and turn light in house on when we return home .
 I have two lighted poster frames in my movie room , and these allow me to power the frames on remotely . Great price too !
 We 're very pleased with this system . The sensors have a good range and work through walls . Given that there is one remote and we have the outlet sensors in two separate rooms , we frequently click lights off from the other room and it always works . It would be nice if it included a wall mount for the remote but we improvised with some velcro on the wall and the back of the remote . The outlet sensors are bigger than expected -LRB- 5 '' x 2.5 '' x 2 '' -RRB- which is n't a problem for us but might be a problem for people that have a tight fit around their outlet .
 I am mobility handicapped and find these devices perfect for controlling my critical lighting without the need to reach the inividual fixtures . I have used these devices for years . This oprder is to equip my Assisted Living Apartment .
 I am handicapped and unable get up to control my lighting and I find this product invaluable .
 The triple super switch is easy and convenient to use . I bought this for an elderly parent who has some mobility and dexterity issues . It makes turning on lights much easier for her . It is a low maintenance , cost effective choice !
 Works well . Would like to see a wall mount added for the remote control . The button usually registers on first and always by second or third.Much better than walking around room to turn on and off each light for those of us in Apartments without switches for overheads .
 These things did exactly what I wanted . They allow a single remote to control 3 different outlets . The only possible problem is the size of the wall units , but they mostly stick out above the outlet , still leaving the lower one free . You can put an entire power strip on one , allowing the control of multiple individual items with one button . I use them for lighting around my place , because there was n't any built in ceiling lights . Now I can turn on groups of lamps all around . I leave it by the door , so I can turn them all off before I leave and when I get home . Also nice for controlling lamps from a chair or in bed .
 Thanks for these dsi ez outlet . Very beautiful . Strong > and priced appropriately . Ouseltna and at the right timethank you for amazonthank you for myus
 I used the remotes in three different places . One controlled the pumpkin in the front window . The second , controled the witch on my kitchen counter . The third controls a waterfall on a table with a very hard to reach outlet . The waterall does not have a switch and requires unplugging by hand . This remote outlet was perfect for all three places . I did not have to go around the house turning things off before I went to bed . I plan on using the remotes for Christmas decorations as well.DSI EZ Outlet Remote -LRB- 3 Outlets -RRB-
 the title pretty much says it all ... the actual plugs are rather bulky and wo n't fit into smaller places , and may cover other outlets , even on a power strip . i have two on a single power strip and that is all that can fit ... so 6 outlets being used by two of these ... i was n't using them , but keep that in mind when setting up whatever it is you are . also , the remote does n't have a key ring , or even opening to attach one ... may not be an issue for some , but i had my single outlet remote hanging on wall so i could keep track of it ... i guess i 'll just get a strip of velcro or something ... thanks
 Very convenient for bedside lights and remote lights outside the condo ; strong signal reaches anywhere we need it to turn lights on or off .
 Its a great looking Lamp and it has a dimer . My friend but together really easy . I really love . The corp was very nice ... I am very happy .
 Delivery was great . It took about 30 minutes to put together . Packaging could be better . This lamp puts off a ton o light . I have it with two of the matching table lamps and actually end up dimmin all three down . I get a lot o compliments on them and they are very unique .
 This product is beautiful . It fits perfectly in the contemporary setting of our current customers living room . Not only does this light give you perfect lighting , no matter the mood , it looks like a stand-alone art piece . Highly impressed.Instructions were simply stated , however this light does not take a rocket scientist to assemble . 15 mins after opening the box I had this product assembled and lit . The dimming option is great as well.Worth every penny .
 Lamp is very nice in appearance once assembled . It is a more challenging assembly though and a lot of care has to be taken .
 It looks and works great.It did not come with instructions , but it was not that hard to ensemble it.Light bulbs get really hot .
 I absolutely love this lamp . It 's such a beautiful piece for such little money . It looks like a designer piece , like I spent much more money on it than I did!It gives off plenty of light , unless you 're looking for daylight type lighting . Then you should be looking at recessed lighting or something with multiple bulbs , or more substantial . I absolutely love the dimmer function and when set to softer light the lamp looks like soft candle light . Wonderful!I 'm going to buy one more for another room because I find the light it puts off very soothing.Not quite sure why people are having such a hard time putting it together . Just requires a little patience and common sense . Put it together in about 20 minutes . One thing I did n't like though , is the packaging seems really cheap . The Styrofoam practically fell apart as I was unpacking the light , but that 's not a problem with the light itself . The packaging held everything safely and kept it in tact , which is all it had to do anyway . Had to vacuum the Styrofoam off the carpet after assembly , but no problem considering this beautiful lamp I have now .
 It was a little hard to get together but the finished product was worth it . Amazon had the best price for the lamp .
 We wanted a floor lamp unlike what neighbors and friends have . This is it . Problem a socket went bad and the only way to fix it is ... . there is no way to fix it . I called the manufacturer / supplier . I jimmied some tinfoil around the base . Just do n't bump my lamp please .
 Lamp looks great in my space and it was just what I was looking for . Love the dimmer -- It adds that little extra something to a romantic night in . The bulbs are actually pretty bright -LRB- it hurts my eyes to look at it -RRB- . Set up was marginally simple ; directions were not really needed . Overall construction is sturdy and just what expected for the price .
 This was an excellent purchase . Space saving , yet perfect lighting . Not meant for reading purposes . Lights up a dark corner , dimmer creates mood as needed . Yes , the switch is at the bottom , but it 's a slider , easy on/off or dim with foot if you do n't want to reach . I like it so well in the den , I 'm buying another for master bedroom.I read reviews prior to purchase ; son had no trouble assembling out of box , 5 minutes max . For the price , this floor lamp ca n't be beat .
 This is a great and stylish lamp that really looks nice in our bedroom . It is very bright and I really love design of it . Assembly took me around 15 minutes , so do n't be scared , it is straight forward . I am very happy with my purchase !
 This lamp not only looks really cool behind my sofa , but the convenience of a floor control with dimming options makes it super-efficient !
 This is a beautiful item and excellent addition to any contemporary decor , sure the insrtuctions were a little weak and the poles themselves were probably machined by extra-terrestials bent on avenging decorators who denied their elaborate pyramids designs but once you got past that the dimming and the overall esctetichs are wonderful .
 This lamp is a real piece of art . It is absolutely beautiful . I would highly reccommend it .
 Because the Amazon ad said explicitly that the halogen bulbs were not included ; because Amazon apparently had no vendor that sold them ; and because there were no specs with the ad to tell you what bulbs to buy , I bought a -LRB- non-returnable ! -RRB- 10-pack of them from another online vendor -LRB- who * did * have a link from the lamp to the necessary bulbs -RRB- for $ 52 bucks . When the lamps arrived , sure enough , there were the necessary six bulbs and two spares , all in perfect working order . I hope I live long enough to need the 10 * extra * extras I bought and am stuck with.That 's the main reason I give this lamp 4 stars instead of 5
 Well , I agree that there were scant instructions for putting together the lamp ; however , it was not hard to figure out , and I must say I think the lamp is quite dazzling . I also found the quality to be just fine - the base is heavy and supports the lamp well ; the range of dimming is fabulous . I am wondering if the fact that one has to put it together is making people think the quality is n't good , vs pulling the lamp out of a box fully constructed , all nice and complete .
 My wife and I were looking for a contemporary floor lamp.We ordered this lamp and it arrived prior to the estimated delivery date.Instructions were somewhat lacking but was very easy to put together -LRB- took me about 30 minutes -RRB- . We like it so much we are buying 2 more !
 Once the lamp was finally assembled , I was quite please by its looks . My friends have complimented it too . But putting it together was a nightmare . Fortunately I was warned by other reviewers about this and took a lot of time to see what was needed . Even so , a nice product like this should have decent assembly instructions . Do not expect this lamp to light up a room . The bulbs are harshly bright , forcing me to use the dimmer . But as a contemporary decor piece , it is terrific .
 Ok so this is not the easiest lamp to put together . A bit frustrating . I thought that the light it gives out would not be so concentrated . The glass part does a poor job of diffusing it and what you get are 3 very bright spots . Its definitly stylish and looks nice , but if you are trying to completely light up a room , this is not your lamp .
 Hey you guys this item is really nice but it took over an hour to figure it out , who would think it would take soo long ! I could n't get the pipes to align correctly , PLEASE NOTE
 Arrived well packaged . On a Friday . Set out to put it together and have been having fits . No response from customer service becasue they are closed on Saturday -LRB- I guess -RRB- . The assembling instructions sheet did not match the components . More than 2 hours into this , it is not together yet . I envy the people who put it together so easily . Did I get a defective part ? Only way to find out if they actually returned my call . So far , big disappointment.OK , not sure if the assembling gods were reading this or not , but after venting here , I switched all the tubes around -LRB- again -RRB- and got some help from my 9 year old , and voila ! it went together -LRB- maybe my helper did the trick -RRB- . Looks nice , the bulb is really hot . Now , I think I like it . Wish I remember how I put it together , hope I do n't have to take it apart .
 I use this flashlight at night on the water from my boat and it is excellent . You can see great distances clearly and it cuts through the haze . Excellent and I highly recommend it .
 Very bright flashlight , exactly what I wanted for long walks into the evening on roads or trails without any lighting . Takes C batteries -LRB- not D -RRB- .
 I have been using my Pelican 2020 's now for 3 years in about the harshest conditions imagineable . Dirty , wet , dry , hot , or cold . If you can imagine it , I 've done it to these flashlights . Pelican claims they 're `` unbreakable '' , but you can break them -LRB- 90 foot drop to concrete -RRB- . But send it to Pelican and they 'll replace it or repair it.Pros :1 . TOUGH !!!! 2 . Bright with great battery life .3 . Easy to maintain .4 . Compared to the price of a comparable mag-lite , it 's worth every penny .5 . Great `` spot '' light that can be seen a long way off.Cons :1 . Sometimes they 'll burn out within the first couple days of use , but send it back to Pelican and they 'll fix it . If it does n't burn out it will last forever .2 . Head-size . The head is a little big and the lens gets scratched , but it 's replaceable and something you can get used to .
 A carpenter can appreciate a tool that is crafted this solid . It comes with al the bells and whistle rapid rewind , stronger line , quick retract , etc. . In the past I used only Irwin models that were either `` stone-age simple '' or worse the new model that is poorly crafted -LRB- Broke down after a 3 days due to a design flaw -RRB-
 Good set of chisels . I get tired of people saying that tools were not sharpened out of the box . I always expect to fine tune my hand tools and these honed fine . Not Two Cherries , but good , servicible tools
 I also am writing this , like the other reviewer , because of the bad reviews . I bought mine about 10 years ago at lowes . I have no problems with it , just have to learn how to use it and be patient . I usually check and mark the studs 2 times to make sure . My son has also used it with no complaints . I am sure they have better ones now , but this one has served its purpose and I would get another one !
 Ive had my PRO SL for about 6 years now . Though I did not buy it from amazon , I bought it at Home Depot , this thing has served me well with numerous household projects , it was accurate 90 % of the time on the first test . The only downside is the time it takes for the scan but I 'm a patient person . Im writing this because of the poor reviews this is getting . I ca n't speak for all of them but the one I got worked like a champ .
 I do n't write many reviews , and I did n't buy this at Amazon -LRB- bought it at H ** e D **** t a couple years ago -RRB- , but I 've used it in my old house -LRB- to wall mount a tv -RRB- and new house -LRB- to mount medicine cabinets and a tv -RRB- and it 's found the studs without a problem . Ca n't speak to the `` deep scan '' feature since I 've never had to use it , but the regular stud finder works fine for me .
 I used to have a Black and Decker stud finder that I just loved and it was easy to use . But it was accidently left out in the garage during the winter and the poor batteries just could n't take it and they corroded . I have been looking for an easy to use stud finder ever since . I found this one at a local home improvement store and after a recommendation from one of the store employees got it . I was using it to find studs for hanging grab bars . I tested it on places I knew there were studs and it found them . So I went to work with the latest grab bar and this found the stud like a dream . I am not sure why others had a problem with it and I could definitely tell when I drilled my holes I was in a stud .
 After searching high and low for a compatible transmitter for a very old Overhead Door Company opener , I found this transmitter . It matched the frequency printed on the side of the opener -LRB- 360 mHz -RRB- and had 9 3-way switches , like my opener . On opening the transmitter , setting the switches , and pressing the button , the door opened without issue.Note
 I ca n't believe how far of a range this has . Works tons better than the original that came with the garage door opener .
 Great little compressor perfect for finish trim carpentry . What I like most is that this compressor is quiet in comparison to other compressors . It is lite in weight as well which makes it very easy to move around . Good compressor and great price for what you get . I give it a thumbs up all the way ! The only draw back is the copper pipe that leads to the tank from the compressor motor to pressurize the tank is exposed enough where it could be damaged . It would have been better to bend the pipe closer to the tank and motor housing to prevent or greatly minimize potential damage .
 Bought this for the living room , but it was just a bit too funky . Instead , it has ended up in our 6YO 's bedroom , where it looks quite suitable , and he loves it . It 's actually very bright considering the light bulbs are about the size of my pinkie fingernail !
 Love the way the lamp looks , but it was n't easy to get the globes in place . There were extra `` rings '' around the base of the lamp holders . My husband had to remove those before the glass globes would fit on .
 I purchased this unit so I could make wheels for the toy cars and trucks I make . It has been great . I have made a dozen or so wheels of all sizes and I has performed as I expected .
 I needed to drill a single hole in a cabinet to allow an e lectric cord to pass through . This inexpensive unit was ideal for the task . Not sure how it would do in regular use , but for me it was fine .
 Powerful product and different sizes gives you option to create a hole in the wall , worked just fine for me without any problem
 There 's a set screw that holds the drill bit in place -LRB- it uses a special drill bit with a groove -RRB- , and this set screw comes loose very quickly . Then there 's a nut that holds the hole saw that you 're using in place , and this nut comes loose after only a few seconds of drilling . Furthermore , after taking the hole saws out of their packaging , I found that they were covered in what appeared to be cutting oil.Overall , a poorly designed product and the manufacturer could have at least cleaned the product before packaging and shipping it out.EDIT
 What can you say - it does what it 's supposed to do ... do n't expect to fish wires through it though ... use a pull elbow instead . I tried to fish 3x THHN 12 Ga. wire through to no avail ... had to remove the coupling and fish then install the coupling and feed the wire through one by one ... It did what i needed it for though ...
 USED IT FOR SPRAYING MY LOG CABIN ... WORKED GREAT HANDLED STAIN FINE.I WILL RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT . KEEP IT CLEAN FOR LONG SERVICE
 I love the style of this lamp , and it is surprisingly affordable -LRB- to me -RRB- . I was one of those people who had some issue with assembling the product -LRB- even being forwarned by feedback here at Amazon -RRB- ; I did finally get a pair assembled . I 'd gladly pay $ 10 - $ 20 more -LRB- which is a significant percent of actual product cost -RRB- for
 Once the product was assembled , it looked and worked great . However , it took me an hour to assemble ! Once you screw in one of the cylinders to the base , it becomes increasingly difficult to screw in the second and third cylinders -LRB- especially the third cylinder -RRB- because the already screwed-in cylinder interferes with the angle of screwing in the other cylinders . They could easily have separated the cylinder bases by 1/8 inch which would have made the assembly so much easier without compromising the looks.The product works well and the dimmer is an added bonus . They also give you an extra halogen bulb and glass cylinder -LRB- that fits on the top of every cylinder -RRB- .
 This lamp is better than I expected and very stylish . I purchased two for our grandsons who will be nine shortly . They are transitioning their rooms from super hero theme to `` big boy '' theme , and this lamp ties both together nicely . Sleek , modern and understated , I would like them for myself . As other reviewers said , directions are not the easiest to follow but having purchased two lamps , the second went together quickly . I am pleased with the style and appearance , and think our grandsons will love them . After searching for the right lamp , Amazon had exactly what I wanted and at a price-point I wanted to pay . Thanks again , Amazon .
 This lamp is awesome . The packaging was spot on , nothing was broken . Once I figured out the configuration it was easy to put together -LRB- see my review of the floor lamp -RRB- . Very happy with this purchase .
 Very modern looking lamp . We love it ! Although it 's very hard to assemble , the final result really pays off . Thanks to the 1st review for the tip . It really helps . And LumiSource is generous giving us extra parts : -RRB- Will recommend this product !
 Putting the thing together was a total twunt but otherwise it 's really cool.Put the base so the chord faces you . The biggest tube goes on the left , the middle tube goes furthest from you and the little tube on your right.I think mine was a tiny bit defective , but once I pulled a little on the middle tube , bending the base just a fraction , everything fit right into place and all was good . Hope this helps.Minus one star because of the bad instructions . They could actually learn something from Ikea and that says something ...
 These lamps are pretty nice . They manufacturer did a terrible job of assembly instructions . The instructions are basically useless . You have to figure them out yourself . I read previous reviews to get some ideas of how to put these together . 2 reviewers had some sort of instructions but those did not match one another . One said that the middle size lamp goes second at 7 o'clock and another said that small lamp goes in that position . I tried both and found that the correct setup is to place the middle size lamp at 7 o'clock position . The other way around just did not look right . It took about 10 minutes after figuring out where each piece goes . I am very fussy and very careful and neat in assembling any thing I buy that requires assembly . I will redo it as many times as it takes until it is correct . That is an Engineer 's head working.Once it is assembled , this lamp looks great and sexy if you like this kind of look . I also purchased the floor lamp matching this one but that has n't arrived yet . I have had the table lamp for 2 nights and I love it . The dimming switch is also great and love that feature too .
 Great alternative for lighting and half the price of what you 'll pay in furniture stores . Instructions were not incredibly easy to understand though .
 This lamp is great . It was packed well nothing was broken and it was easy to put together . Love that these have built in dimmer and they are bright enough to work by . Great lamp over all .
 I gave this product 4 stars not because my entire experience was 4 stars , but because the product itself , once assembles , accomplished a 4 out of 5 star satisfaction . If amazon let you break down your experience mine would be as follows : Satisfaction with product after assembly
 I was looking for a desk lamp that would be easy on the eyes while I do my work or read and came across this . Though this was n't a traditional lamp and it used halogen lights , I got suckered into how cool it would look on my desk.Pro :1 . Looks totally awesome on my desk2 . Came with spare bulb and frosted glass - 1 bulb arrived dead and I cracked one of the frosted glass3 . Comes with a dimmer4 . Gives off yellow light to make the room look warmCon :1 . Plastic over the base was terrible to tear off - if you get the sticky residue on the base , just use some alcohol or that cheap vodka you never want to drink anymore and a paper towel , it 'll come off super easy2 . Terrible instructions - Just read J. Skievaski isntructions on this item -LRB- Ctrl + F his name on the list of reviews -RRB- 3 . Definitely pricey4 . I think I 'm missing the silver caps that I see in the photo ? I 'll update after contacting the seller .5 . I would n't say this is the best light for my eyes when working.Overall , it looks great and does the job .
 Overall nice lamp but it 's too bright to look at . My lamp did not come with instructions but I was able to get it together with no problems.i believe the picture to be a mirror image which is not a problem but did through me off a little while I was putting it together . Overall it 's a nice lamp but dear lord it is bright .
 Great lamp . It is a bit tricky to set up , but with a tad of patience you will get it and it works very nicely . There is a built in reostat on the plug that will allow you to dim the lights to any range of light you want in the bulbs spectrum . The frosted glass gives the bulbs a nice look that is not blinding and the metal is of good quality , meaning that it is not thin or it does not have defects in the metal anywhere I could see . I will buy another one for sure .
 It is the perfect height for what I needed and it is so beautiful . Not sure why people are having trouble putting it together , I did n't have any trouble at all . I do n't know about the instructions because I did n't use them .
 I was searching for this type of lamps for sometime . I saw them first in very famous furniture store , but paying price that they were asking was out of my budget . Assembly took me around 15 minutes , so it was pretty straight forward , if you have mechanical way of thinking ;-RRB- Overall I am very happy with my purchase . I also got a floor lamp which compliments my night stands ones even more
 The lamp is really beautiful . I specially like its design that makes it very different from other lamps . I find it perfect for my bedroom as its has a dim control . Apart from that , the assembly was really difficult and frustating as you dont know which piece fits where . Thankfully they have provided an extra glass scone as mine was broken during the assembly . Clear instructions should be provided to make its assembly fun .
 I bought two of these for the nightstands . They are beautiful and give off great light . The dimmer is a plus . The only thing is they are a little hard to put together but by reading one person 's review it helped greatly . You have to make sure you line of the groves perfectly before screwing in the tubes . They also send an extra bulb and glass which is a bonus as well .
 I got the floor lamp , too - makes a nice pair in the living room . This lamp has a dimmer control .
 I bought this lamp to use on my desk and found it to be futuristic , fun and beautiful . What is not in the description is that it comes with four bulbs and four frosted cylinders -- I suppose an extra of each just in case one breaks during shipping . It also has a built in dimmer switch that adjusts from very bright to low glowing light . The one drawback is that the assembly instructions are a bit confusing and you 'll need to look at the actual photo of the lamp online to figure out the exact placement of the cylinders . It took me an hour to assemble what should have taken fifteen minutes at most . I finally placed the base so the cord is at 12 o'clock and assembled it correctly ; the tallest cylinder is at 3 , smallest cylinder at 7 and the medium at 10 . This should make it easier for you and although my time investment was longer , the final results were well worth the time .
 This is one great lamp . It 's bright , stylish , and extremely sturdy . I felt assembly was actually pretty simple . The instructions were n't detailed , but they did n't really need to be . There simply are n't that many parts for it to be very complicated . My actual biggest complaint is the plastic used to cover the base . It inspires `` nails on chalkboard '' when you remove it and bits of it get stuck in the crevices . I can see myself pulling little bits off for days to come . That said , let 's address the most common concern in reviews.ASSEMBLY -- The lamp consists of the following parts :1 Base3 Metal tubings -LRB- small/medium/large -RRB- 4 Frosted glass tubings -LRB- 3 used + 1 spare -RRB- 4 DontTouchMeOrIBurnout Bulbs -LRB- 3 used + 1 spare -RRB- That 's it . Place the base so the power cord faces at 0 . Untie the the individual tube power cords . This can be tricky , they 're tied fairly tight . Try to give them a little slack and push the ends through one at a time . I found it easier to attach the tubes from longest to shortest . The long tube screws in at 90 , medium at 225 , and small at 315 . After that pop the bulbs in and then slide the frosted tubings on top of those . Done . Whole assembly for two lamps took less than 1/2 an hour and would have been less if I had n't tested doing the tubes from small to large.Good luck . If you like the looks of this lamp do n't be intimidated by the horror stories . It 's a cinch .
 We 're loving these lamps -- we bought two as bedside reading lamps -- and truly do not understand why people had so much trouble assembling them . My husband , whose handiness at mechanical things can only with a charitable stretch be described as `` average , '' had both of them put together in less than 15 minutes WITHOUT reference to the many helpful suggestions previously posted to these reviews -LRB- after all my helpful efforts to print them out for him in priority order , blah -RRB- . To potential buyers
 Nice lamp . Easy to assemble -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- . The lamp also arrived with an extra globe and bulb ... nice touch . The switch is a rheostat on the cord . The dimmer is nice , but would have been more useful if it were on the lamp base . Good quality . Quick ship and good packaging . Arrived undamaged . Very modern looking and with high intensity bulbs if the dimmer is all the way up , very bright , lots of light .
 I 'm very satisfied with this lamp
 I hesitated ordering this lamp because of the previous assembly horror stories . It took me 10 minutes ! The manufacturer could n't have made assembly any easier . Snap the wires together , screw the tubes to the base , and insert the bulbs/shades . It is perfect for a modern decor . The light is bright enough for reading and can be dimmed easily for softer lighting . I am going to order the floor lamp .
 I bought this a long time ago and it 's still holding up today.Long story short , I 've gone through a number of home improvement store purchased shower hoses for my hand held shower heads , and I find that the laminated coil types will inevitably spring a leak in the vinyl laminate if you twist them enough through everyday usage.This hose is the perfect solution - it 's solid rubber so it wo n't spring a pin hole leak unless you , of course , puncture it with a pin . It 's also very long relative to other hoses , which is great for rinsing off lower extremities and rinsing a bath enclosure from wall to wall . And for the length of hose , what I paid for it and for how long it 's held up , this hose was a great deal.Totally recommended .
 1 . Seems much more durable that the braided hose it is replacing . I do n't have the experience of the other reviewer -LRB- I just received it -RRB- , but it does appear that it is built to last .2 . MUCH more attractive than the old hose .3 . I wish it was a foot longer , and I would have been happy to pay more for the extra length . The `` normal '' length for shower handle hoses appears to be 69 '' . This one is 63 '' . I 'd like one that is about 80 '' . But I did n't downgrade it as the length is clearly stated in the description . If you ca n't deal with the shorter length , buy something else .4 . Toss a rag over the drain before bringing the hose in the shower to install . The o-rings can escape.Overall , a nice buy and roughly 1/2 the price that I would have paid at a home center for an inferior product .
 This hose fits the shower head perfectly and solved the leaking problem I was having with the old one . The only drawback is that it is pretty stiff and does n't lie flat against the shower wall . It sticks out because it is not flexible and gets in the way when using the shower . I had hoped that it was just because it was new and that it would get more flexible with use but it has been almost two months and it has not relaxed yet .
 I 've had this about 1/2 a year and am very pleased with it . I bought the 80 '' bronze . It is very flexible , and looks great with other oil rubbed bronze fixtures .
 nice cable for shower ! it 's not metal but has a metal look . not cheap feeling , and matches with my Hansgrohe shower head . worth the extra touch !
 Boughr this to replace the same item after my kids yanked the showerhead of the hose . I really like the way this looks .
 Product was to replace an existing hose that had come loose from the spray handle . The new hose fit and was easy to install .
 Bought this product at a great low price from Domo Home prodcuts had it in 2 days and when I did not know how to install I called and they walked me through installation . Great price and great service !
 The hose was exactly what we needed to replace a 25 year old original . It installed easily and seems to be working perfectly . It came when promised . I 'd buy again .
 This hose will last you a lifetime . Flexible yet sturdy . Buy one of these or head to the home store and buy five cheap ones ... you 'll need that many to last as long as this one will .
 I bought this as a gift for a 23 year old that loves dolphins . The first one I bought from another vendor did not work and they were out of stock . Luckily , I saw it on Amazon , and ordered another one . It was here quickly and works ! It is really blue light and this one has the black base as shown.Not a sophisticated decor item but it is not really meant to be .
 Lamp is just as pictured and they way it lights up and moves to your touch is really cool . Great nightlight !
 I bought these to use as a make-shift `` lock '' for my luggage -LRB- I was traveling to Europe from California and back with 3 stops both ways -RRB- since the TSA locks do n't work in Europe -LRB- as in , if you put a TSA lock on your luggage , the security in Europe , should they feel the need to check your bags/suitcases , will just cut the lock off , thus a waste of money -RRB- . With these ties , should my luggage get checked , can just be cut off with a pair of scissors , no damage done and I only waste a measly tie , instead of a lock . Anyway , this product held up and I liked the fun neon colors .
 perfect size for the job and i did not have to purchase a whole set
 This is a very nice looking toilet seat . It is easy to install but it wobbles no matter how tight the connections are turned .
 THE PRODUCT CAME ON TIME AND WAS JUST AS THE COMPANY SAID , A GOOD PRODUCT .
 The seat is nice-looking , comfortable and looks durable except for the plastic nuts that tighten underneath the bowl . They are difficult -LRB- and a bit painful -RRB- to tighten by hand - and if not tight , the seat can slip sideways . All in all , though , we are very pleased with the purchase .
 Seat is as described . It is good value for the money and looks good.Completely satisfied . Delivery was quick .
 The seat appears to be well made , and looks quite nice . I personally think that the idea of having a dark cherry seat on a white toilet bowl is itself a bit odd , though , so you might want to think long and hard about how it will look . I put it in a small toilet-only room with dark red walls and a white door , and it seems to work.An aside
 Although it is a simulated finish the look is elegent and so far seems well built . Much nicer look than the solid oak seat with brass hardware . The darker color gives a better contrast to our beige toilet . My one fear is the finish will chip . The first one we orderd came chipped . obviously dropped in shipping as the tip of the seat was dented . fortunately returns on Amazon are so painless I have no fear of trying something to see if I like it . I will update this review if it does chip down the road .
 This is a much better throne seat than the last one of another brand and the cherry color , while dark and a little more reddish than our mahogany colored vanity , looks way better than the oak one we had.The Mayfair toilet seat seems to have superior hardware with two separate brass hinges that are not connected by a bar . The bar part of the hardware is what broke on the last one , but the wooden seat was still fine after four years of service.This seat was more expensive than the one we looked at in a big box store , but that one was inferior when it came to materials - It was pressed fiberboard under what appeared to be a print veneer .
 I have had the same color/brand toilet seat for a while and I was always able to replace it with one found in stores . Well , I found out that now it 's discontinued , but still available on amazon ! I love the seat - beautiful color , however I was disappointed to see that mine came with a deep scratch . It 's noticeable , but I just did not feel like shipping it back to amazon for an exchange .
 Well , it 's a toilet seat , so I do n't know how much I can review ! The color matched the picture , install is simple enough , and I have n't got any complaints from the girlfriend!As far as function , well , it supports me when I 'm on the toilet . It 's not like it massages my tushy when I 'm on it -LRB- although , how awesome would that be ! -RRB- .
 This is a great item , adds a new look to the bathroom . The price was the best that I could find for this product .
 Great quality . Super price . Easy transaction . Very pleased . I highly recommend this seller and this product . You too will be quite pleased . It is so much nicer than a plain toilet seat .
 Good quality cherry toilet seat . It replaced and old one and it is working out great . A replacement was hard to find at a reasonable price . I 'm glad I saw your information .
 A quality seat that suites my 270 lb frame well . Nice finish , sturdy , and well made . For the price it 's an incredible buy . My wife even likes it . She generally dislikes wooden seats . Highly recommended .
 This seat will spice up any bathroom . The finish is great and has a natural shine . I just love it . It brings an extra touch of elegance to my bathroom .
 Fantastic price for it 's quality . I was skeptical at first to replace it with my white toilet seat . But I needed the replacement to match the furnishings in my remodeled powder room . The Mayfair cherry seat turned out to be just as comfortable as my white one . The brushed-nickel hinges are even better -LRB- easier to clean also -RRB- looking than the plastic ones with caps -- which pop opened from time to time . The free shipping was an added bonus . Delivery was quick .
 Needed these for the LED floodlights on our new vinyl patio cover . Local stores only carry the 3 hole versions .
 This product replaces a plastic trap I previously had . Plastic trap was chewed thru by mouse . This metal trap is much better and a little dab of peanut butter allowed me to catch 4 mice within the first hour of placement . For easy disposal of vermin , I recommend flat glue mats placed inside trap . This allows for easier disposal and keeps mice in place .
 I 've owned 2 of these traps for quite a while . They never fail to catch the mice , which are then released outside , unharmed . For people with a decent respect for nature , the drive to a release spot is no burden.Another reviewer said `` For easy disposal of vermin , I recommend flat glue mats placed inside trap . '' -- THIS IS CRUEL AND LAZY . Better to buy an instant-kill trap than to put these small animals through AGONY.They is a great joy in the release of a mouse where mice belong , and knowing you did no harm . With the use of this catch-and-release trap , you can remain a kind person.At this writing Amazon said the product was no longer available . A Google search on pro-ketch will return many sources for this humane product .
 I had a mouse problem in my car . Each afternoon after work , I would come out to find various items chewed at and nibbled on in my car , and I figured if I did n't act quickly , they would start in on the wiring on my car . My first attempt was to buy a couple of the traditional spring-loaded traps and take them out that way -LRB- at first I thought I only had one mouse -RRB- . The spring trap worked within minutes and killed a mouse which I then fed to my son 's pet snake . -LRB- at least the mouse did n't die in vain ... -RRB- A day later , I find the same telltale signs that I still have a mouse problem , so I set the spring trap up again to take care of it . Each day I baited it a little heavier , and each day I would come out to find the trap licked clean without having been tripped . These mice were too small to trigger the trap , so I figured I needed another solution . I 'm fairly certain now that the first mouse I caught was the largest of the bunch , and most likely the mother.I 'm not fond of sticky traps - I 'm a softy and if I 'm going to kill something I 'd rather it be fast and serve a purpose other than just death . -LRB- I like to fish , but if I 'm not going to eat the fish , I throw it back - that sort of mentality -RRB- So , I found this trap on Amazon . I picked it up for two reasons - it catches multiple mice , and it contains them without harming them . And it worked like a charm.I set the trap in the trunk of my car with some fruit loops in it -LRB- they work because they 're sweet and very fragrant -RRB- , and that afternoon upon returning to my car I find SIX baby mice trapped inside , huddled in a corner nibbling on fruit loops.On the way home , I set them free in a field away from civilization and 10 miles from my home -LRB- I 've heard horror stories about the same mice coming back if you set them free less than a couple miles away -RRB- . I set the trap up for another week in my trunk and never caught another mouse , and I 've seen no sign of them since.I highly recommend this product
 We 've gotten several brands and there 's no significant differences between them . Therefore , it 's hard to justify a 5-star rating for this one . 4 stars seem fair.For anyone interested in trying a live trap , however , should take note the BIG advantages to live traps : - You can catch multiple mice at once . - You do n't end up with squashed brains on or around the trap . - No bait is necessary -LRB- though it sure does help -RRB- . - No snapping your fingers trying to set a trap . - They 're pet-friendly . Your dogs will not be eating poison or bruising their noses . - They have a transparent viewing window , which allows you to visually taunt the mice . - You have lower odds of getting Leptospirosis , since you 're less likely to accidentally touch a dead/dying mouse . - You can catch baby mice . - Releasing the mouse -LRB- and therefore saving its life -RRB- will allow you to feel like you 're a good person , regardless of whether you are or not.The downside is perhaps that the disease-carrying , greedy , annoying , furry little workers of Beelzebub did not get the grotesque or torturous death they so deserve . Unless you leave them in the live trap and let them starve to death ... but then it 'd be confirmed that you are a bad person.I drive them a few miles out of town and release them by some wooded area ... I prefer to let them go in the woods , several miles from our house .
 I live in a very rural area and have mice living in my SUV . I have trapped 61 mice in one week with this placed inside my vehicle . I use bird seed as bait . I 'm ordering more !
 Moving to a new development , I quickly learned that the mice love my garage . After having a family of mice setting up residence in my car , I quickly bought this mousetrap . I do n't want the mouse dead , I just want them out of my house . This mousetrap caught 3 mice the first week . I am a manager at a food manufacturing facility and this type of trap is an industry standard . They work so well due to the instincts of a mouse to stay along edges of a room . Place this trap against a wall and it will work . The mechanism is designed so well that it also traps baby mice . Be sure to order two for every entrance to your garage . PLace one on the left and one on the right of the doors .
 Before we discovered how the mice were coming in , we used the Pro-Ketch and a Hav-A-Heart trap to get a sense how many were gaining access . The somewhat complicated Hav-A-Heart captured a few , but the Pro-Ketch never failed -- twice we found three mice inside it at once . It 's an amazingly effective and easy-to-clean trap , a breeze to set , and it 's simple to release the mice , too . Highly recommended .
 This trap is the perfect way to catch and release the little field mice . It works great !!!
 This really is the best mouse trap ! It is always set , I 've caught up to three mice in the same trap overnight . And it 's safe ! If you have little children or pets around you do n't have to worry about them getting hurt by one of those spring-loaded traps.When you catch a mouse you can release it live or wait for it to die them dispose of it . Clean the trap and you 're ready to go again.It says `` no bait required . '' I seem to have better success with a little dog food for bait.I bought two and if I had to buy another trap , this would be the only one for me !
 This review is from
 Kness Pro-Ketch arrived by UPS at 6:00 pm -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- ; put in our attic at 7:00 pm ; at 9:00 pm it contained a deer mouse . It works ! It probably worked so quickly because the mouse was trained to come to this location for food ; not by choice but because he had escaped several times from other traps built for larger critters . The beastie spent the night in the trap to be was released in the woods the next day . One mouse in the trap often attracts others to enter so multiple catches sometimes occur . These traps do not require bate but it helps.The only drawback is two small holes on the bottom where metal tabs have been pushed up -LRB- probably to hold down sticky glue-trap which I do n't use -RRB- . These holes allow droppings to fall thru when the trap is transported outside to release the mouse . After discovering this the hard way I thought about covering the holes with duct tape when I realized the dropping would stick to the tape . Instead I flattened the tabs with a screwdriveer and small hammer . No more tabs , no more holes .
 Since receiving my Pro-Ketch Mouse Trap on 11/23/11 , I have now caught 37 live , happy mice -LRB- under the kitchen sink of my 300 + yr . old house -RRB- , who are now living elsewhere -- still alive and probably not so happy because it 's cold outside ! Anyway -- I would definitely recommend this product and at the price it is a real bargain , in my opinion .
 We tried several other traps and this one is the best for a live capture trap . Can catch multiple mice at once and easy to inspect with clear lid . Buy this , you will not be disappointed .
 Six and counting , all now happily released to fend for themselves . Easy to open to release but not intimidating . Mice in trap seemed engrossed in eating food inside . Turns out Ryvita fruit and nut rycrisp was perfect inducement without the secondary dangers of peanut butter , etc. .
 This is a handy little product . I caught TWO mice in one trap the first night . . no bait used . I live in the country . . and try to keep mice outside . . they have a tendency to want to go under the house . . so am using these around the base outside . They have proven to catch well . . though you do want to check them regularly . . I caught a frog one day too . . and released him into the pond!Quality of these traps is great . They appear sturdy and should last for a long time . Super easy to use . . just place them against a wall and they will catch ! Easy to check the traps with the window on top . Super happy with this product!I am now ordering FIVE more of these for our outbuildings . They have done a great job of catching mice around the house . .
 used these before will catch multibal mice in one night will work in garage shed or elswhere a ok recomend
 I was looking for a humane mouse trap . I placed a cracker with peanut butter on it , into the far corner of this mouse trap . I caught my mouse in the hour . He spent a night eating the grub and we released him in a field the next morning . I like that I can use the trap again and again .
 Great humaine fix to catch our mouse friends ! Perfect solution to our mouse population in our home in the woods . Easy to use , effective and a good return on investment !
 It 's doing the job it 's supposed to do , and quickly ! The problem I have is the way the top opens like the lid of a chest -- it seems there 's no way to get a controlled exit of mice from the trap . -LRB- I 'm a little freaked out by the idea of the little buggers jumping on me on their way out . -RRB- It would be better -LRB- for me at least -RRB- if there was a sliding-door-type opening . I could put a box against the door opening and just slide the door open and tap or shake until the mice fall into the box.Edit
 This product works great that my fiancee needed . . REALLY WANTED more so that he could give them to his family for the sheds .
 This product is great . There is no mess or dead mice to deal with . I really like how there is no poison or bait required for it to work . I HIGHLY recommend this product . I put the trap down and had a mouse within 5 minutes . During the next 24 hours it would catch 4 more mice .
 I have already caught 2 mice . It works well . No more buying poison , glue strips or snap traps . They are built strong .
 I looked for a while to find the right size one piece sinktop and basin for my remodeling project and for the price swanstone can not be beat . The thing to note is the surface feel , it has an almost matte finish that is soft to the touch , I do notice it marks up easily but just as easily wipes away . I say buy it and try it !
 Item works well . It is very light and turns easily . I am glad I purchased it .
 The Speedollie is used in a lab training future in home appliance professionals . It makes moving around washers and dryers safe and efficient . So easy to get started using that time was spent dancing with the loaded Speedollie . Students and instructors alike are very impressed .
 Very nice lamp - but it does take halogen light bulbs . These bulbs are pricey to replace -LRB- about $ 7 - $ 10 a piece with 6 bulbs per lamp -RRB- and do get very hot so you must be careful not to place anything that could get scorched or is flammable above it . Many colleges have banned halogen bulbs in dorm rooms due to this issue . Also , touching the bulb will reduce its lifespan significantly - keep the bulb in the little plastic bag until it 's installed to your liking.However , it 's a gorgeous lamp and a great addition to my bedroom .
 I highly recommend this lamp . It is truly a work of art and brings a touch to elegance to any room .
 I have this set up and use it constantly for setting cabinets , tile work , floor leveling and adjusting stair treads . You do n't need to slide it the length of the pole . Just flip it over on the pole and flip the pole over so the pump is on the bottom . You can attach the short end to the pole or the long end to accomidate large lasers . My only suggestion would be a threaded socket for storing the 1/4 20 knob used to attach the laser .
 Love these rollers , great for small and large areas . Ca n't find these in the stores anymore , glad they are available at Amazon .
 This is a correct replacement cover for previous models and appears to be good quality .
 I ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- 24 '' and an 18 '' . Very nice quality and weight . . not flimsy at all . True to color.Be aware that the bracket you mount on the wall is inside the end piece and you loosen the set screw underneath to take it out to mount it . -LRB- At least mine was . -RRB- Easy to put up . Since I was putting 2 side by side , I taped the cardboard guides to the wall , leveled them and drilled my holes thru the paper . Removed cardboard , popped in the drywall anchors , screwed in the mounting piece and then attached the end pieces.Very simple.I bought at least 2 of them used - like new condition and they were fine . Arrived in large shipping box so as not to get bent .
 Lovely design , pretty easy to install , looks wonderful in the bath . Very high quality at an affordable price . Perfectly satisfied .
 The overall fit and finish were very nice . The mounting hardware was well engineered . The only improvements would be to include instructions that actually address the use of the mounting template . Also , the template itself is off just ever so slightly as to complicate the installation .
 Product was in stock , at a very competitive price , plus the Prime shipping made this a very good Amazon deal . The Kohler system is very high quality and coordinated with other Kohler products .
 great bulbs , great price , i will order these over and over again , except they last forever , i dont have to !!!!
 This works good to keep my solar lights standing when I drag the hose around the corner . I am happy the performance .
 They do n't come up very high off the ground , but the hose seems to always find them and catch before tearing through the flower bed . Make sure to plant flowers far enough back so they do n't cover the guides .
 I ordered the set of Felo screwdrivers on line , its a well made tool made in germany , nice handles very tough tips , the only problem i had after i used them for one week and the letters on the handles came off , i have some other brand of screwdrivers made in Europe they are 6 years old and the letters are still on them , that was the only problem
 I 'm a house-painter , and this is the only brand of brush that I 'll use . If taken care of properly , a Purdy brush will last a life time.The angle on this brush lets you get into smaller nooks and crannies with ease , and makes cutting fast and effortless .
 I needed to retighten a few existing electrical conections , and I the Insulated T-Handle Hex End 6 Pc Set worked the way I needed and expected them too , Amazon.con was the best price I found for this item.DaveLas Vegas , NV
 We used two of these to paint the spindles on a deck . They worked perfectly . We washed them between coats and there was n't any problem . Because of the low price , we will probably just toss them in the garbage and buy several new ones to keep in our paint box to use for our future customers .
 First I own a lot of screw drivers because nothing pisses me off more then a poor quality screw driver when trying to get out a stuck or worn screw . These are great quality for the price and wear very well . I have yet to strip the tip on one of these . There are better screw drivers but for a lot more money . If you were thinking about getting a craftsman or other big store chain brand save money in the long one by getting a Felo brand which cost more up front but will last much loner and not need to be replaced for a long time in the future .
 After reading the other reviews , I was expecting a dark blue crystal . Instead , I received a light blue crystal , considerably lighter than the picture
 Very pretty , although the blue is much darker than appears online . If you 're looking for rainbows , the darker crystals do n't give as much.Good value for price .
 Unlike most of the non adjustable regulators they sell for RVs , this universal regulator is easily adjusted and has a great flow rate , unlike the cheapo ones you can buy at the usual RV places . Though you 'll need to add fittings and a gauge , it is worth getting a great shower .
 Great product . Make a big difference at high speed on the bike . I 'd give them five stars but I wish they got a little darker in direct sunlight . Excellent at night too . No need to change lenses . Overall , a great product and a definite must for anyone that uses an old school half helmet like me .
 I really like these glasses . They fit my face very well and stay snug with the hook straps at freeway speeds . It would be nice if they did darken a bit more but that 's not a complaint . They keep the particles out of my eyes where other similar glasses have not . They will fog up a bit on cool or humid mornings when I stop at stop signs n semifores on my way into work on my motorcycle .
 I have had one for shooting indoors and out . Works great but the foam around the eye frame is not all that sturdy . I have been wanting to call them to see if they could fix or exchange it but I am too lazy . Nice to have the transition lenses .
 Am entirely pleased with this product . It is what it is shown to be and the colors are great . Amazon again provided great service and a quick delivery .
 I 'm not sure exactly what to put in this review ... it is a decorative toilet lid . : - -RRB- It is very sturdy and well constructed , not at all flimsy or cheap feeling.The design is a pleasant surprise to people when they flip it open for the first time.Mounting hardware was solid and secure . Installation was straight forward .
 Yes ! I could n't be happy with this ` bathroom in a box ' kit . Everything , from the faucet to the hardware is included and is top-notch . This really is a complete plug-and-play kit all with a very high-end finish . The faucet is heavy duty and has all hardware with it , including a plug hole and riser which I was n't expecting . A rubber gasket is already installed so no caulking either . The rest of the items are equally as good - even the bar for the towel holder is brushed nickel -LRB- many of them are mere plastic -RRB- . I had our powder room re-finished in no time thanks to this item . Full instructions are included - you do n't need a plumber . Go on ... spruce up your bathroom for summer !
 We purchased this chandelier while remodeling our home . My wife and I looked at hundreds of chandeliers online and this is the ONLY one that we both liked . All the others were so over the top and gaudy that we could n't stand them . This is just a lovely , clean , contemporary look that we wanted . It puts out great light , too.It was n't hard to install and it looks fantastic . We love it and get complements on it all the time.Also the top is hinged for use in a cathedral-ceiling/angled ceiling type installation . We did n't need that , but I felt like it was worth mentioning just in case anyone wants to use it in a situation like that .
 This product appears to keep squirrels off of our feeder . Have had one for multiple years and it finally burned out . This year , it has kept a family of four squirrels busy each morning as they try to defeat it . And watching them `` twirl '' is always fun !
 This product not only works , it does provide entertainment value . Get one and watch those cute little squirrels tale a flying leap as they lose their grip from the centrifugal force . They are stunned without without being injured . AND they do learn not to try it more than twice .
 This gadget gave me just the results I was looking for . After one day of use the squirrels stopped climbing on my bird feeder and are confined to the ground where they pick up the dropped seeds . What a cool invention !
 I have a dwindling crowd of nauseated squirrels . It turns just fast enough for them to hang on until they are dizzy ! Not sure what happened for the reviewer who says the squirrels stopped it , but I suggest to be sure to use fresh batteries . Also , make sure that there is a big gap between walls , rails etc. and the feeder . They ca n't stop it unless they have something else for a foothold . I especially like the automatic weight calibration .
 I have a 3 lb suet cake in a wire holder that is for birds but thesquirrels love it too . I have been perplexed at how to keep the squirrelsoff so the birds can enjoy . This product did the trick . It was veryamusing to see the squirrels dilemma . When the squirrels bodywas completely on the wire cage it began turning and the squirrelscould do nothing but jump to the ground . One squirrel tried 4 times in a row but could not stay on the cage . The only draw back is when it is very windy it tends to twirl on it 's own . I am very thankful to have thisproduct and would buy it again .
 This thing is so much fun . The little critters continue to try and figure it out . It 's as much entertaining as it is a deterrent .
 WE WERE SO ENTERTAINED WATCHING THE SQUIRRELS TRY TO STAY ON THE FEEDERS . THEY ARE VERY TRAINABLE AS AFTER ABOUT A WEEK , THEY JUST STAY OFF FROM THE FEEDERS . PERFECT . THANK YOU
 I was looking for something to protect my knees when snowboarding and these really did the trick . When I was learning to snowboard , I spent the whole day falling on an icy mountain and these kneepads kept me from being sore and bruised . The first time I fell on my knees , it was like landing on a pillow . I got a pair for my girlfriend , and we do n't go snowboarding without them .
 The knee pads are easy to put on and stay in place with the velcro straps . I 'd consider them light duty since there is not a lot of padding , but it is enough to save your knees from the pain of kneeling on hard surfaces to work for short periods of time .
 Awesome product for the price . Saved my knees in the attic and on the driveway . Velcro straps made for really fat legs but will fit skinnier legs well enough . One of the other workers got plaster and paint all over mine but still functionally sound .
 I got these knee pads as an alternative to the high-priced pads Home Depot offers . Why pay fifteen or twenty dollars for light-duty knee pads ? These pads are great for stuffing into an emergency box in the truck of your car . And in the woeful event of tire change or looking for an obstruction wedged onto the undercarriage while on the road -LRB- and always in the rain or wet -RRB- , you 'll spare your clothing and person the indignities of those pesky little asphalt pebbles grinding into your flesh.They even come in handy for indoor uses like kitchen and bathroom maintenance . They are light-duty only , though . -LRB- Do n't try to install carpet with them . -RRB- Still , the price is right and the materials they 're made from are durable .
 I bought these for occasional usage only and for the price , they are great . Quite comfortable and offers great protection.If my job required me to use knee pads on a daily basis , I might look to something a bit higher quality but for the purpose I bought these for , they are great , especially considering the low price .
 They are very affordable so the wife got a pair also . We use them for cleaning hardwood floors , gardening , and paint balling . Nice quality for the price , they mean business when they say deluxe .
 High quality , great product . Can not go wrong for the price . I definetly would recommend this particular brand to others .
 I got them to make my life easier while putting wood floors but they are always moving up and down on my knee ... I do use them sometimes and they are very durable . they might be just too big for my knee ...
 This is so pretty I had to write a review to offer some advice . We were putting up the first piece and it was n't sticking well I was getting discouraged . My husband had an idea to use a hard plastic frosting spreader from cakes and it worked great . After that it was a snap But I suppose any hard plastic would work just as well . We also used one of those laser lines to keep it straight . It came out fantastic and is so pretty !
 Although a bit pricy , this border looks gorgeous up ! We painted the room half yellow & half purple & put the border in the center . It looks fabulous ! We used 2 large pieces & you can not see the seems . It went up very easily . It was my husbands first time putting border up & he is now willing to do it again if need be :-RRB- I do have a lot of left over , but if you want the room to match I guess you must be willing to pay for it !
 I found that we had problems with the border sticking on the first wall . By the middle of the second wall , all was well . The border works well if you put it up in smaller pieces . We found that cutting and putting up about 6 squares at a time works best . It 's very easy to match the lines up so it does n't look chopped .
 I chose this pattern because I was working with a purple carpet in the nursery and I was having a girl and wanted a pattern with many different colours . I sponged painted the wall below the wallborder in the purple and green colours in the border and this was my first attempt at using wallpaper . I followed the instructions to a tee - measured and cut , rolled loosely inside out , immersed in a bucket of warm water for 10 seconds , kept a clean sponge handy - and up it went . There are about two spots of about an inch each where it did not stick just at the top , but for a first try I certainly have no complaints . I even went around the window , matching corners and colours - it came out beautifully and everyone that has seen it thinks it looks awesome . The long stretches of wall were harder than working out the corners under the window , which turned out quite easy . I did this on my own so maybe if I had help , the long stretches might have been easier . I would recommend this to anyone . My baby girl is due in less than 5 weeks and the nursery is really taking shape .
 I just bought this border and really love it ! I agree that it can be used for a little girl up to 5-6 years old . I have a little border left over and my plans are to cut apart some of the squares and frame them , making some nicely coordinated art work for the room .
 I bought the entire Gossamer Wings collection and decorated the nursery very similar to the picture on the front of the bedding set . The wall paper border completed the room . I applied it about 1/3 of the way down from the ceiling and it gave the room the perfect touch . The great thing about the wall paper border is that it could even be left up for 5-6 years . It would be a cute addition to a little girls room .
 The border was easy to put up and has beautiful details and good quality . Be aware of the lenght though you might need two or three rolls for a average size room .
 This border makes the perfect finishing touch to my daughter 's room ! I have to admit I was a little weary , because I did n't read the reviews until after the border was already purchased , but I was pleasantly surprised at how easily it went up ! Like any other wallpaper or border , you have to be careful with it when wet , but I found that as long as you follwed the instructions , there were no problems . It looks great !
 My father -LRB- 70 years old -RRB- and I -LRB- NOT handy at all with this kind of stuff -RRB- managed to put the border up in my daughter 's very large bedroom in less than two hours . It was wonderful ! Once we figured out that we had to immerse the entire paper in the water , the glue stuck wonderfully !!! -LRB- I had started out just trying to wet the back of the paper . I should have read the directions first ! -RRB- It was VERY easy to hang . And , it is beautiful . Very cheery and happy . My daughter loves it !!!
 My husband and I hung this border in less than an hour . It was super easy to do . We cut it in 6-9 square sections and dipped the sections in a bucket of warm water . We did n't stop at the corners , it was easier to match the seam in the middle of the wall instead of at the corner , and you ca n't tell that there is a seam because of the great design . We used a large sponge to secure the border to the wall and gently push out the bubbles .
 Loved the Gossamer Wings - Such a beautiful peaceful room for our new baby . The wall paper went up with ease . We painted the room 1/3 of the way down from ceiling white then the rest with pink . Put the border in between and painted colored stars that matched the border on the white part of the room . Nice touch that I think our daughter can use for a couple of years . It 's a great print that wo n't be outdated as she grows out of the infant stage !
 Okay , I was expecting our third , a girl , I found this collection & loved it ! The walls were white so we painted from the middle of the wall down & hung the border around the middle of the room also , it was darling but , a BIG Mistake , my now darling 17 mth toddler has torn all within her reach from her crib off the wall . You would think I would have thought of this since I have toddler experience , so unless you plan to put the bed away from the wall I would not recommend it .
 My husband and I had trouble with this product at first and had to remove our first attempt . It was our fault we did n't wet the entire papper and so some arias did n't stick . My father in law showed us the best way to pui up the border and we did n't have any problems after that . My advice : Make sure you have a bucket of water , a sponge , a dry towl and the part of a roller you put paint on -LRB- we discovered this by accident but it really works we . -RRB- First , cut a setion of the wall border -LRB- I sujest slightly longer then the length of the first wall to be covered . -RRB- Second , Wet the entire length of the section briefly but completely , as you pull the border out of the water re-roll the papper so that to glue side faces out.Next , start in one corner and past the border onto the wall , smoothing each aria before unrolling and pasting the next . Take your time and make sure you ar n't angleing the papper down . -LRB- You will tend to do this since the celing may not be strait if you 're house is n't brand new . -RRB- use your hand to smooth the air bubbles out.Once that section of border is applied run the roller pad over it and get out all the bumps.go along the bottome edge with a slightly damp sponge and make sure it is smoothed out flat to the wall all the way around.Use the sponge and the towle to remove the glue on the surface of the papper.Repeat on the othe four walls.The key is the reverce rolling it really helps and our border did n't tear once . It may sound like alot but it did n't take us long at all to complete a faire sized room , maybe 45 minutes . I 'd tell anyone to go for it and if you goof up a little at first do n't get upset because that 's when things start to go down hill .
 I bought this border , and a friend of mine and my husband hung it . It turned out very nice , I was almost a little afraid after reading some of the other reviews but it was n't bad at all , I think it took them a couple of hours to get it finished but we are very happy with the finished product .
 The wall border looks beautiful in the room . The room was a pale sky blue and everyone was saying we should paint it pink -LRB- since we are having a girl -RRB- , but thanks to the border the room is perfect now . The border really brightens the room.As for putting it up on the wall , I take no credit in that . My husband did all of it , without much complaints . All his complaints had to do with our walls , so as long as your walls are even & straight it 's very easy -LRB- and beleive me we thought ours were before he started to put up the border -RRB- . The only advise is do not roll the paper and then wet it . Instead , start putting the border into the water a square at a time and then roll it . Also do not put up more than 6-7 squares at a time . It 's very easy to cut the squares and then match up the design on the wall .
 This wall border is great for 1st timers like myself . It is very easy to put up . I was able to put this border up in one hour for a room that is 15x15 . The squares make it very easy to cut into shorter pieces for easy hanging and managability . The only thing that I would suggest is to buy wallborder paste instead of soaking the roll in water . The paste comes in a squeeze bottle with a sponge roller and works very well . It allows you some time to slide the paper around the wall before it sets . You can not do this with water . It also keeps the paper on the wall much better . I love this border ! It really completed my girls room very nicely .
 I registered for the rest of the Gossamer Wings collection and have n't received any of that yet , but in the meantime , I painted my nursery and put up this border . I have worked with pre-glued wall border before , and this is by far the easiest I have worked with . I had absolutely no trouble getting the border to stick to the walls and I did the entire border myself . I suggest cutting the border in 5-6 foot sections to make it a little more managable . I think it looks great and so does my husband -LRB- who 's not really into the `` girly '' stuff . -RRB-
 I use this to hold only my white chalk for my chalk holder . Found that it 's not practical to use with colored chalk because it 's too cumbersome to try to get to the color you want . you have to be careful putting them in the top because the chalk might break when you drop a new piece in . Smacked two together on accident and broke them both . Would probably be fine if I refilled the whole thing at my desk , I gave a 4 because it does do as intended , it holds the chalk and you slide out one piece at a time from the bottom . Attached to the wall with screws and fairly durable .
 I love this mini drill press . It is sturdy and does what it is expected to do . This is the third one I have gotten . The first has lasted over 5 years and went to Hawaii . The second one was defective and Amazon exchanged it for me by sending me a replacement before I had to send the other one back . That way I did not have to be without the item.Thanks Amazon and Proxxon.Kay
 I have n't used it a great deal yet but it seems like it will be a handy tool.The cam action was not well finished . It needed some filing and sanding to work properly .
 I start my review with a challenge , based on the price , find a micro drill stand that beat this product . I love shopping for tools , I have been to a few corners of Asian markets I have not found one that matches the quality of this drill stand . It puts many bigger sized drill stand/press to shame.The level action is moderately smooth , the alloy cast body clamps the stainless column , it rubs the stainless column as it moves up and down . The assembly must be well lubricated for smooth action , this means grabbing the stainless column will leave your hands oily . If the stainless column is left ill maintained , it will start to wear . However , the design of the drill stand results in extra precision where drill runout is almost eliminated . I have used it to make deep holes with carbide drill bits and I have yet to break any.The level also has a positive feedback from the vibration of the drill bit . This results in more control . There 's a drill depth stop which works very well . The alloy drill table is machined flat and beautifully finished . Additional holes can be tapped for vice attachment.One of the cons with this drill stand is that it does n't drill in an angle , although the collar attachment allows for rotation , it only turns the tool . The drilling action is always 90 degree up and down . The column is fixed . A seperate angle vise must be fitted to drill in an angle . I wish there 's an optional laser attachment where I can drill with less guess work . The collar attachment is not universal for all tools it only fits Proxxon tools.Overall this is a must have for making precision drilling . I am really glad that Proxxon produced this budget jewel . I wished all tools were made like this then we will have more time for work and less time fiddling with cheaply made tools .
 Nice drill stand , does a good job with the proxxon drill . The only flaw is that the fixing handle for the drill gets in the way , I had to use tape to keep it in the up position . Otherwise a good product .
 you ask me too much and I ' send my short opinion very good and I like to werk with it
 Have n't used it yet but it appears very well made . Better than the Dremel version .
 When I unpacked this drill stand I was initially impressed . . solid , sturdy and all metal . Then I came to use it and wow !!! What a total disappointment !!!! The head sticks and jams when being lowered , not at all the smooth motion required for ` precision ' drilling and to make matters worse it kicks off by 1-2mm to the right as it passes the midway down point.Using it to drill carbon fibre sheet and up to 3mm aluminium and had to give up as way to unreliable and not worth the hassle.Another $ 100 wasted...-I have revised my original 1 Star -LRB- * -RRB- rating for this drill stand to a 4 star -LRB- **** -RRB- rating,-I have completly stripped down and buffed out all the paint from inside the collars that were gripping on the main shaft , given evey metal surface a liberal coat of fine ` servo ' grease and also squeezed the guide forks a little tighter onto the brass ` olive ' to prevent the kick-off 's that was occurring.-Now works like it should have right out of the box ... smooth motion , no gripping , sticking or kick-off 's of any amount.-Happy to have spent the $ 100 , but happier that I resisted temptation to ditch the whole within the first week.-CheersMatt
 Those of us who have become increasingly peevish about the continuing slide in quality of Dremel tools , and have resisted blowing big bucks for dental quality RAM 's , etc. , should defect immediately to Proxxon . Comparing this stand to Dremel 's is as a tool to a toy . The previous reviewer 's reference to the collar clamp handle -LRB- visible to the left side in the pic -RRB- is correct -- a goofy piece of engineering , but only a minor annoyance.I 've become immediately attached to the whole Micromot 12 volt system -- my Dremel stuff seems crude by comparison . Get yourslf a model 50 Handpiece , the beefier power unit , and you can do your own root canal !!
 Like the ease of setup and use of this drill stand . Several problems stand out . The vertical pole came loose after several uses , had to re-tighten the nut . Secondly , there is too much play such that accurate drilling is not possible . I could not figure out a way to get rid of the play or looseness of the stand when it holds the rotary instrument in place . The drill bit end moves at least 1-2 mm , which is quite a bit when working in small scale . That said I 'm satisfied with my purchase . Also bought the Dremel brand drill stand , which had more plastic parts on it and made it feel `` cheaper '' than this stand . All in all this proxxon stand is more accurate and easier to use than the Dremel stand .
 Great little drill stand that really expands the capabilities of your rotary tool . Be sure to get the matching vice as it really completes the package .
 I 'm on my second stand as I managed to break the first one . Luckily the new stand works better than the original , very smooth action and sturdy . Now , although it 's way better built than Dremels offering it is n't perfect . There are no positive detents on the rotating head mount so it 's still easy to get it not quite perfectly straight which can lead to drilling at a bit of an angle . Another thing is the locking level for the tool clamp , it 's easy to use but can get in the way if the sliding T bar slips down as it can hit the workpiece.Other than that , it 's a very nicely made unit . strong , rigid , smooth and reasonably accurate . Adding the cross table and vice increases its versatility no end for precision work . I have mine set up in a highly configurable fashion with a Proxxon IB/E permanently mounted.Very good for the price .
 I did n't have the proxxon tool and had no real interest in getting one when I had a somewhat similar craftsman one around . A little modification to the craftsman tool and I was in business . There is very little play in the motions of this drill and with a little bit of grease , operation was amazingly smooth . It 's a fairly simple stand but for drilling PCBs I could not ask for better .
 This inexpensive drill press stand is not bad for the price . I found that the moveable workpiece guide on the table was not square with the edge of the table , but a little hand filing on the underside of the guide and locking nut took care of that .
 I have bought four of these so far and may well buy more . They are n't going to keep your pet elephant in the air while you check his underneath - they are n't that beefy , but we are talking fifteen bucks here . For that sum of moola , you get a decent looking and working sawhorse . I have actually used one as a ` saw horse ' and it worked fine . I have one pair holding up bee hives . I am building myself a cheapie desk with a pair . If I wanted a bed this high off the ground , I 'd have no problem using these bad boys . For fifteen bucks , I think I got a deal !
 Bought 12 '' Bow Saw at local hardware store . Chain saw acting up so used Bow Saw on trees . Cut down several trees , largest being 5 '' in diameter . Even using to buck them up . Discovered replacement blades hard to find . This was about only ones I could find and they work .
 This contour gauge is a good deal . I am a professional cabinetmaker/installer and have already used this contour gauge to successfully scribe some filler strips around some very tricky wanescoting . The small and numerous pins give you a smooth picture of the contour . The pins are also very stiff to move . This translates into them being held firmly in place as you transfer and trace your shape , but could also mean that they might dent or scratch the surface being scribed to if it 's very soft wood or some other soft substrate . The long length is also a bonus with this tool . I recommend it overall .
 This is an excellent product overall . It is made in Taiwan , not China . For cheap products , I prefer Taiwanese ones because they are generally better made.Like others said , the pins in this gauge are a bit tight . However , this is way better than having them loose . I opened up the gauge to see if this can be fixed and determined that the pins are not held in place by friction . Instead , the pins are bended slightly between the top and bottom rails so that the spring force from each pin holds itself in place . What this means is that the pins will not come loose over time , a definite plus.Finally , my only complaint is that the pins tend to spread after several uses . This is because the overall width between the end brackets -LRB- the gold colored metal caps -RRB- is larger than the width of all the pins together , allowing the pins to move sideway . According to my measurement , 3 more pins would make this gauge perfect .
 The contour gauge is only six inches long , not nine as the site states . Besides this problem it is fine for the price . The pins are stiff but still move when needed .
 It brings a soft touch of elegance at the same time it work as an excellent solution for small spaces used as a towel hook . It takes a little effort to get it installed , but it seems to attach perfectly with its fixing system . It works just like jewelry . I hope it wo n't get rusty .
 Black Rhino hand tools are great they are inexpensive and so far the best tools I have used .
 I had a major project that required me to drill over 400 11/2 '' holes in concrete aggregate and started to do internet searches for bits reviews to help me decide what bit to get . Regretfully , I was n't able to find any reviews comparing hammer bits . Because I needed this bit only for this project , I decided to get this bit because it was the cheapest 11/2 '' spline bit on Amazon at the time.When I received the bit , I was pleasantly surprise to find it made in Germany like the more expensive hammer bits.I have now drill 200 holes in very rocky aggregate and the bit is holding up great with virtually no signs of wear.So based on this experience , I definitely recommend people to buy more Hitachi spline bits as they seem to offer the same quality as Bosch for a significantly lower price .
 I have not used the bit for very long yet , but I am very pleased with its ability to bore through the concrete . Quality appears to be exceptional so far and I do not see this changing . As a landlord , a question to ask another landlord is would you rent to the tenants again and that answers all the Questions in one answer so would I purchase another item from AMAZON . COM and the answer is yes . The only area to be improved upon is the information available for many products is lacking in detail.When you ask a question , you do obtain the details quickly .
 I had a major project that required me to drill over 400 11/2 '' holes in concrete aggregate and started to do internet searches for bits reviews to help me decide what bit to get . Regretfully , I was n't able to find any reviews comparing hammer bits . Because I needed this bit only for this project , I decided to get this bit because it was the cheapest 11/2 '' spline bit on Amazon at the time.When I received the bit , I was pleasantly surprise to find it made in Germany like the more expensive hammer bits.I have now drill 200 holes in very rocky aggregate and the bit is holding up great with virtually no signs of wear.So based on this experience , I definitely recommend people to buy more Hitachi spline bits as they seem to offer the same quality as Bosch for a significantly lower price .
 I have not used the bit for very long yet , but I am very pleased with its ability to bore through the concrete . Quality appears to be exceptional so far and I do not see this changing . As a landlord , a question to ask another landlord is would you rent to the tenants again and that answers all the Questions in one answer so would I purchase another item from AMAZON . COM and the answer is yes . The only area to be improved upon is the information available for many products is lacking in detail.When you ask a question , you do obtain the details quickly .
 I first got turned on to the Bonhus tools when I bought a set of T-Handled drivers at my bearing supply house for $ 70 . They really are very well made -LRB- I have high Snap-On type standards -RRB- . When I saw these on Amazon I ordered 3 more sets . For this kind of money you ca n't go wrong .
 The gold standard in tee-handle , ball-end hex wrenches . After years of using them at work , I 'm happy to have my own set .
 The Bondhus T-handle SAE and Metric Hex wrenches are the most comfortable and best fitting I have used . I purchased them for specific hexhead screws that were impossible to remove with regular L-shaped wrenches and I wish I would have bought these years ago .
 The wrenches have a good feel to them . They engage nicely and fit and finish is good . The stand as others have stated is on the cheap side and takes up more space than it should on the work bench . The ball ends only go down to 5/32 . The rest are straight . Overall a nice set that feel like they will last . I purchased this set and the metric as I needed T-handle allens that did not have the plastic bulky handle .
 Great set . I 've used these numerous times since I purchased . My only complaint is I wish the storage was in a laying down position instead of the stand up holder . I ca n't store these in my tool chest because of the heighth . Therefore they take up precious space on my work bench . -LRB- I also purchased both the metric and SAE T hex tools at the same time . Same complaint with all of them -RRB- In summary
 I bought this set for my husband and he said they are very sturdy and the grip is a nice size . He is not overly impressed with the stand , he would have preferred something that would have mounted on the wall .
 Quality tools made in USA . I srongly recommend these . The ball tip is nice were straight on connect is impossible .
 This is a very nice tool , but the package did not impress me . We have an walking machine at home , we need some size 1/8 tool to take it apart , this one works , hopefully , this will last longer .
 Spend a little more & get a top rated set of allen wrenches.Superior grip , very comfortable in the hand.Doesn ' t get much better than this set.Oh yes it does AMERICAN MADE HIGH QUALITY pass it down to family !
 These are really easy to use , fit in my hands very well and I do n't drop them like the smaller tools . Easy leverage for normal applications . I used it recently to tighten 30 plus screws the other day , it was easy on the hands .
 Rugged construction . comfortable handles , fair price.I would like to see a stand or holder that would allowthis set to reside in a shallow -LRB- 11/4 '' -RRB- deep tool draw.Driver sizes need to be printed on handles using larger format for easy recognition .
 I had a major project that required me to drill over 400 11/2 '' holes in concrete aggregate and started to do internet searches for bits reviews to help me decide what bit to get . Regretfully , I was n't able to find any reviews comparing hammer bits . Because I needed this bit only for this project , I decided to get this bit because it was the cheapest 11/2 '' spline bit on Amazon at the time.When I received the bit , I was pleasantly surprise to find it made in Germany like the more expensive hammer bits.I have now drill 200 holes in very rocky aggregate and the bit is holding up great with virtually no signs of wear.So based on this experience , I definitely recommend people to buy more Hitachi spline bits as they seem to offer the same quality as Bosch for a significantly lower price .
 I have not used the bit for very long yet , but I am very pleased with its ability to bore through the concrete . Quality appears to be exceptional so far and I do not see this changing . As a landlord , a question to ask another landlord is would you rent to the tenants again and that answers all the Questions in one answer so would I purchase another item from AMAZON . COM and the answer is yes . The only area to be improved upon is the information available for many products is lacking in detail.When you ask a question , you do obtain the details quickly .
 Matches the profile for brick molding you get from Lowes & HD . I needed to create a round profile for brick molding for a dormer window . This tool worked great ! Well made product .
 After searching all the local wood working shops and home improvement stores I finally found just the right size . More importantly ... at a terrific price !
 Once you 've used torx head screws you 'll hate using any other type . These are good quality in that the heads do n't snap off when being driven with an 18V DeWalt drill . Amazon 's supplier was very fast with delivery . I buy lots of books and music from Amazon but I never thought they would turn out to be my preferred source for bulk screws .
 I was worried that these might be cheaply made but when I received them I saw otherwise . They seem to be made very well and although I have n't used them very heavily they do n't seem to be the cheap junk you see in a lot of places . Great product !!!
 . . with outstanding fit and finish.Each of these wrenches feels substantial against the hardware they must turn . The t-handle and rubber grip add comfort and torque . So for your next flatpack furniture or other project whose hardware package includes a its own Allen wrench
 I bought this set , and the metric set . These are quality tools , and will last a long time with proper care.This is a big set . The larger sizes are quite hefty , so if your workbench is on the small side , such as mine , you can either hang them on the wall using the included stand , or only keep the ones handy that you use frequently . I 'll be using the smaller sizes , and the rest I tossed into a tool bag , , since wall mounting is not an option for me.If you do go the wall mount route , you will need to supply your own mounting hardware .
 These wrenches are heavy duty and the handles are easy grip . Great value for the money . The holder is a nice extra as it keeps them organized .
 Great hex set for the money . Only problem I see is it does not have a 1/16 inch or a 5/64 inch . These are the ones I use most . I would buy that brand again if I needed something .
 Well built set . These things are mad to last . The bench top stand is great . Shipping was a little slow but other than that this product is exactly what was described . I would rcommend to anyone that only wants to buy tools once . Not some chinese disposable tool .
 I got these for work . I work on wheelchairs for a company that houses disable folks . They are easy on the hands and put your hand away from the work so you can avoid scrapes and scratches .
 Great product at one quater the price its sold for in Australia . The goods arrived fast everything perfect . what more can i say ????
 These are the best on the market.Their stand is as sturdy as are the tools.I like the ergonomics .
 Exactly what was describe and what I expected . Good quality and easily stored in the rack that came with it .
 Bought these as a Christmas present for a friend . He is pretty handy and claims that they are the best set of Hex wrenches that he has ever used . He 's happy , so I 'm happy .
 I have needing something like these for a long time and finally purchased them , and really enjoy using them for all my tinkering . Solid build and very stable to use with the plastic coated handles that give you a really nice grip on the tool . So much better than those tiny `` L '' shaped allen wrenches . I tossed all of those away now that I have these .
 The slightly rounded T-Handles have a really great feel . Plus they 're made in the USA .
 There are expertly made , feel substantial , and work like a charm . You will never have to replace these or worry about twisting the heads on them .
 High quality and very well made . Last for a lifetime . I had my other set for 16 years till they were lost in a storm .
 I used the cheap ones and stripped the head out and had to drill a set screw out . What a headache . I should have bought these beforehand but got inpatient and paid for it . These are very hard and heavy duty . If you use allen wrenches these are the ones to have
 But these seem to be built very strong . I bought them as a gift . The receiver remarked how solid they felt.Then he ran screaming into his garage
 These are so much better than typical hex wrenches I ca n't believe I waited so long to buy them . And American Made ! Buying these is a no-brainer .
 These hex t-handles are extremely nice . I am slightly upsessed with quality , especially tools . These are top notch . Every shank was straight with a perfect tip . They are very heavy duty . Im a big snap on fan , and have had my hands on there t-handles , and i honestly dont think they come close to these . I would pay 80-100 dollars for this set , but the price that they are almost doesnt make sense . The bondhus are extremely heavy duty and very comfortable in the hand . And its nice that a stand is included as well . Very impressed . Highly recommend . Made in USA .
 These allen wrench 's are very nice . I 've put a lot of torque on some bolts and the end never twisted or broke off .
 I ordered these as I have a set of standard allen wrenches that has the `` ball '' ends that I broke while trying to remove a couple of screws on an old Cub Cadet PTO for a tractor of mine . These worked flawlessly and were better than I was able to find anywhere else !!
 This was a gift for my father & he requested it specifically because he likes the drability . He 's VERY hard on tools given his line of work & was very pleased to receive this set . He uses it almost daily & has for quite some time with no hassle .
 Nice product , nice price . Not much else to say except this is a very good product
 When buy these be aware they are 4 '' , but not a usable length of 4 '' . Overall length of 4 inches . You are not going to get a bunch of wires or stuff inside these , but for a few wires where you do n't need big ties they work fine . You get a lot for the money and for what you get it 's a good value . They 're not very wide either so they 're not going to have a lot of strength against breakage . These are small ties , make sure you know what you 're buying and what your needs are .
 I really liked these cable zip ties and I love the way they cleaned up my computer , in fact I cleaned up about 2 of my friends computers and i still got like 85 + zip ties . They really are too much for a one time job but I love that i 'm set every manufacture moves over to free Velcro ties inside of PSUs and Cases.Great stuff and the length was plenty for the average computer cable bunch . JUST the right size for a non-modular PSU ; turns an octopus PSU into something much more manageable .
 In the product description it does state the dimensions but I like so many others underestimated how short this length would be . For most projects I suggest 8inches or more to get the job done with a little extra just in case . 6 inches may be just long enough but its hard to grip the tail end and pull it tight if needed . More left over gives you more area to hold and pull the bundle tighter.Otherwise it does what its supposed to . Not the cheapest but definitely works .
 They 're black . They work . There 's a bunch of em . Could have been a touch cheaper , but they definitely serve their purpose . Cables are cleaned up and airflow is improved . You 'd be surprised how much nicer you can make the inside of your pc look with a little clever thinking , some effort and a pair of cable cutters .
 No complaints at all . They work great and I have plenty left over ! Would n't hesitate to buy more if I needed them .
 I use zip ties almost daily in my line of work -LRB- IT -RRB- , and I think these are great ... I feel that these are the perfect length for most needs as well , if you ever one that 's longer just connect two of the zip ties together to get almost twice the size , repeat as needed ... This is much easier than having multiple sizes.Once thess are zipped up , they are solid -- They hold tight and are not going to come loose , which is exactly what they are supposed to do ... I will buy this again , however will likely buy larger quantities if they are available .
 I use these to tie up my cords and keep them off the heating vent . These do a much better job than twist ties at holding the cords and keeping them in place .
 i used these for wiring inside my computer , and they worked very well . They are priced well , and none broke as some reviewers stated . I noticed the package said not to open until ready for use , maybe they become brittle if exposed to air . Any way they were about 4 inches long , but worked well for my needs .
 I have been using these all around the house . Very useful for wiring and cable management . They do what they need to .
 Great for tying up wires or other things . Single use and can be pulled very tight and trimmed.Handy to have have a bag of them for household use . I also got Velcro ties than can be reused , but are bigger and can not be pulled as tight .
 As usual I get a high quality product at a good price from Cables to Go . I 'll be back !
 What can I say , they are zip ties that are black . They look like they 'll get the job done and are worth the money !
 This is a good caliper with only a few small flaws from my perspective.The good qualities - It seems pretty strong , made of steel - It is accurate , or at least as accurate as my other caliperThe negative qualities - There is a little grease/oil which will come off after some use - The slide is a little stiff - There is no fractional inches -LRB- but I knew this before buying so I wo n't lower my rating because of this -RRB- All in all I would recommend this caliper.just know what you need and what caliper does and does not have .
 Seems like a fine tool for the price . I will not be using it to any extreme and it appears to be accurate for my purposes . Do n't buy it is you want a several hundred dollar tool . Buy it if you want a tool that you will keep in the box in a drawer in your garage for when you occasionally need it . I am pleased .
 This is an excellent choice for those who prefer not to waste batteries using a digital caliper . I recommend it heartily for all woodworkers .
 This is a very nice dial caliper for the money . It comes in a hard plastic case which keeps it safe . I ordered the caliper on a Monday and it was delivered on Thursday . Very good service . I say if you want a decent caliper for a minimal amount of money you ca n't go wrong.Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it is not top of the line .
 You need to heat up a very small area of the wax block with a lighter.I hold a BBQ lighter up to a corner of the block for a SECOND or TWO . -LRB- Do n't let it drip , if it is dripping the heat has been on too long . -RRB- Remove a very small amount of the softened wax with the corner of the plastic scraper included in the kit.Press this drop of soft wax into the hole or crack to be filled.If it stays soft you can work it back and forth a little.Scrape off excess wax and buff with pad.I keep a small metal blade in the kit to clean the plastic scraper and return the excess wax to the block .
 Great product , as long as you know to use it , softening the wax makes it very easy to usem , the scrapper and buffer makes it invisable and it only takes a few second a whole .
 When filling holes made for local termite control in wood cabinits or floors , this product can match every color . Also-while changing fixtures on wood cabinets or walls , the holes are always different , and this kit can cover any old hole , and when used with orange oil or lemon oil , will hide any former outline of the old fixture
 Excellent product . Does what it is supposed to do . With the selection of colors it makes color matching very easy . This is a professional installers answer to what to do with nail holes . It is easier if you seal the boards before filling holes and warming the color sticks helps as well . Highly recommended for filling nail holes and small cracks .
 I am a professional hardwood floor installer . Quite often we are required to install somewhat inferior wood -LRB- or sometimes total crap wood -RRB- but still make it flaw free . It was a struggle to find the right combination of wood filler and stain to match the wood color yet still be lasting . This is the product that has made this part of the job way easier . To maximize this product you must have a heat gun . With this kit and a heat gun you can definitely repair any minor flaw that you may come upon .
 Many colors to match any color very easy to use . There are so many shades of color you will be able to match to any item you need to repair .
 I was looking for Briwax sticks so I could fit several miter joints on a birds eye maple wood box we had made . I found these and the price was good for such a large selection . I was able to closely match the maple wood by shaving , melting , and blending together two colors . I used a lighter to keep the wax soft and then filled my joint gaps . After scraping , burnishing , and then finishing my box looked close to perfect ! -LRB- hooray for small cheats -RRB- .
 Found out how much it costs to have someone repair dings and nicks in my hardwood floor so purchased FastCap WAXKIT .20 S Softwax Kit.The reviews looked good and for $ 25 thought it to be not a big gamble in case it did not work . After reading instructions and trying out a few spotsI found that it work fantastic . If you know where the spot is you can barely see it but tell someone to find it and is almost impossible.It takes a little patients to blend colors to match wood tone but you will love the results .
 Moving furniture scratched our wood floors but after using theses waxes -LRB- we combined 3 colors -RRB- u would n't know the scratch was there unless you really looked for it !
 Installing a bamboo floor and was unable to find any wood fill or caulk that matched the floor color.Learned about soft wax at a local woodworking store . This product is easy to use for filling nail holesand also for filling in dents and nicks in furniture . Much less effort than using caulk or wood fill . Theholes are pretty much invisable unless you are on the floor looking for them .
 I like it , picture very accurate . It uses 2 screws to attach not one .
 Reasonable price , quick ship , nice storage container , great value ... . I plan on buying from again in the future for my woodworking needs ... Vermont American 23130 1/8-Inch Radius Carbide Tipped Roundover and Bead Router Bit , 2-Inch Ball Bearing 2-Flute 1/4-Inch Shank
 This is stiff enough to be very usable but not so heavy that it is hard to handle . I plan on buying more of these in other lengths . They are way too handy !
 This ruler works well for measuring toe of the front tires of my stock car . better than a tape measure -LRB- no slack -RRB- . So I am pleased with this product .
 This is a handy item to have stashed-away in your tool-room . In the month or so I 've owned the thing I 've found it useful for getting exact measurements while hanging tongue-and-groove aspen on a ceiling -LRB- without a helper -RRB- ... believe me , your tape measure is n't up to the task ! Also used as a straight-edge for scoring plastic laminate , and for making a four-foot level work as a six-footer . I wonder why I did n't buy one of these twenty-five years ago !
 THIS WAS VERY WELL PRICED AND A QUALITY PRODUCT.BEING IN THE CUSTOM CANVAS BUSINESSI KNOW MY PRICINGON STRAIGHT EDGES . I WILL BUY AGAIN FROM THIS COMPANY
 I 've had myNational Detroit Orbital Action Sander - NDT400so long , I really do n't remember when I bought it - and it still runs like new . I 've had it long enough the housing has numerous dings from drops to the concrete floor of my garage . Intermittent , but heavy , use has also seen the need for replacement of the vinyl sandpaper backing on the pad more than once . You just adjust your air pressure to 60-70 PSI and use a couple of drops of air tool motor oil before and after use . If you use it for hours on end , you might want to oil it more frequently - you just do n't want to over oil it or you 'll have oil on your work.I 've used this sander with everything from 40 grit paper to 600 grit wet/dry paper . It 's a work horse that can be relied upon to do excellent material removal in shaping Bondo , fiberglass , metal , and in creating fine finish top coats during paint operations . The action is fast and creates a better finish with less skill than a circular pad rotary orbital sander . The really great thing is it 's perfectly designed and sealed for water sanding use , and cleans up fairly easy after use - if desired.The lever action sandpaper retainers are easy to operate , but they also hold the abrasives very well . The size is perfect for use with 3-2/3 '' x 9 '' standard sheet abrasive paper - ready cut , or cut from larger standard sheets . I could n't say if this tool is bullet proof but , from what mine has gone through , it just may be - and it sure makes block sanding a lot easier and faster than using a standard manual rubber block sander in larger panel work . I much prefer it over circular orbital sanders which can leave circular swirls and depressions in finishes if not careful . ThisNational Detroit Orbital Action Sander - NDT400is also excellent for fine detail work . * Note * You might also like to use a hose whip like theLegacy Manufacturing HFZ3806YW2B 6 ' Zilla Whip HoseI use with mine . The tool weighs in at about 4 lbs.This is also a professional tool that uses 7-8 CFM of air with an average of 2.6 SCFM . It can be used with most 2 Hp air compressors in light use , but a 5 Hp compressor or better would be preferable .
 Occidental leather makes a quality product well worth the money.I had other brand tool belts that lasted two to three months . Occidental Leather belts are forever . If it wears down you can bring it to a shoemaker to have it refurbished like a good pair of shoes . You get what you pay for .
 use this daily now that I have one well made and is handy clip on belt and saves calculator was carrying in pocket and had trouble keeping it there and broke some from because not enough protection in pocket case work well
 thick and nice . looks like it would be hard to bend1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
 Love this thing , came in squared , rivits not loose like others have had , only thing i didnt like was that it was taped from top to bottom . took for ever to get it off and still some on it .
 This is a good budget unit , it does what a magnetic base has to do . Hold steady . The controls are nothing to shout about . If you want a budget magnetic base stand this may not be the cheapest but it will do serve you well . The finish of the stainless column is good but the clamps can help with better finish . The magnetic switch is smooth and easy to operate . The base is finished well so there is no rocking about .
 looks great . great price . even came with a bolt and lock washer to hold the handle on . the one from lowes cost more and did n't have a bolt . you have to drill it or drive a nail in it . i like this on better .
 i love this fan . it is very attractive , it was easy to install and it gets the job done . when we move , we 'll be buying them again for our new house !
 Good product . Not brittle and easy to break as other ties I 've had . But what else can really be asked for . I use them on my Harley Davidson to help run wires , etc. .
 they are as you expect and work very well to tie cables , bags , or any items needed .
 These are the least expensive cable ties I 've found , yet are just as durable and well made as the VERY expensive ones you get from your local hardware big box store . Can you believe how much they want for a 25-pack ? 4x more than the Cables to Go 100 pack . It 's a no brainer ! Buy these , save money , and live well . ; - -RRB-
 Merchandise was delivered in a very timely manner ; was as advertised . These wire ties were what I expected . Would buy from this vendor again .
 -LSB- UPDATE 7-31-09
 OK I bought this gun to build a deck , worked great.As for the .131 issue , yes the owner 's manual says use .113 nails , but it DOES N'T say only .113 . On the side of the magazine it is printed 2.8 mm - 3.3 mm . Well 2.8 mm is .113 and 3.3 mm is .131 . I used both Grip Rite 3-1/4 x .131 coated nails and DuoFast 3-1/4 x .131 HD Galv nails and both worked great.The Grip Rite nails would fall right into the magazine , but the DuoFast had to have a slight push to get in and then they slid down the magazine fine . The amount of push was maybe 1-2oz . of thumb pressure so it was no big deal.I would reccommed this gun to any homwowner/handyman that has occassional need of a framing nailer . For the professional he/she might want the Bostitch model that does both framing and joist nails.Bill
 I 'm not sure about some of the other buyers of this product or what they may be doing wrong , but I for one , think this is a great nailer . I bought it to use on a 9 ` x40 ' deck and an enclosed porch I 'm building . I 'm using Hitachi nails I 've bought at Lowe 's and I have not had ANY problems with any of them from the 23/8 '' .113 's up to the 3 '' .120 's . They are a little tight getting them into the slot , but that is due to the plastic holding the nails together . After they are in , they go down the slide easily and I have n't had any bind up yet.I 'm using a 1HP , 3gal , Craftsman Portable Hotdog compressor that delivers 2.4 SCFM at 90 psi . It has more than enough power for this nailer . If you keep good even pressure on the nailer you will not have any problems sinking the nails and I 'm shooting into pressure treated lumber . My wife has even had fun using it and wanted to know why we did n't get one of these nail guns sooner.If you are looking for something to speed up your weekend projects , trim down that `` Honey-Do '' list or even help your kids with some of their projects , THIS IS A MUST HAVE , JUST MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT COMPRESSOR , A GOOD AIR HOSE , NOT ONE OF THOSE CHEAP CURLY ONES .
 This nailer works just fine with 0.131 's . I 've been using them all weekend . They work fine . This gun works great . I would not run it at less than 110-120psi , however , and it does seem to require a little more pressure than my friend 's porter cable .
 I just purchased this nail gun and am using Hitachi 3 '' .120 diameter nails . the magazine says it accepts up to .131 -LRB- 3.33 mm -RRB- diameter nails . Previous poster says `` This nailer ONLY accepts .113 nails -- 2 `` x6D size ... '' Product description also says it will accept 2 '' thru 31/2 '' length . So I 'm confused ...
 Just finished building a 40 foot wheelchair ramp for my sister and this gun saved a lot of time and energy . I used 3 '' 120 Ring Shank nails and had absolutely no problems . Only time it did n't drive the nails all the way in was when the boards I was nailing were able to sway . The sway takes away some of the force of the gun . Palm nailer easily finished driving the nails . I like the safety operation , and easy use of this tool . I would highly recommend this tool to all the rest of `` big brothers '' that do projects .
 I was a bit skeptical about the quality of this gun , seeing as how it is so cheap . But I have been pleasantly surprised . I like that it comes with a hard case , all the wrenches and a bottle of lubricant . I was also surprised at how light it is , it rivals the magnesium guns out there . I picked up some 3 '' galv ring shank nails at Lowes for it , they shoot just fine even though the are .120 . The only problem you might have is finding a decent selection of 21 degree nails at your local superstore . As a weekend warrior this does n't matter that much to me , I rarely have the need to rush out and get nails to finish a project , but if you are a contractor you might want to stock up on nails when you can find them , it would be a real pain in the butt to not be able to find nails if you are far from stores . As for all the comments about the diameter of nails this gun can handle , all I can say is that I 'm shooting .120 , for some reason the 3 '' .120 nails are the same diameter as the 2-3/8 '' .113 , go figure . I just eyeballed the nails side by side and determined they are actually the same diameter , someone said the diameters are in proportion to the length .
 Gun works great ... the only issue I have had is that when it gets to the last nail or 2 on a strip it will not fire ... personally I believe it is the nails I am using . I have not switched brands yet because I am not anywhere near the bottom of that box .
 This nailer is well worth the price . I used it to build a 8x16 foot platform for a shed . Easily shot the nails into pressure treated wood . I had no jams or misfires . The only issue is very minor . Grizzly includes an oil bottle , but it is empty . It was n't a big deal , as I have smaller nailers and had oil on hand . It could be mentioned in the product description that you 'll need to supply your own oil.I very much reccommend this nailer for the average homeowner .
 UNIT CAME IN VERY QUICKLY AND I HAVE USED IT SEVERAL TIMES WITH NO PROBLEMS SO FAR . BEING JUST A HOME HANDYMAN I COULD N'T JUSTIFY THE COST OF A HIGH-PRICED NAME BRAND , SO I WAS HESITANT AT BUYING THE GRIZZLY . MOST CHINESE STUFF OUT THERE IS LAND FILL MATERIAL AT BEST BUT SO FAR THE GUN IS OK . TIME WILL TELL IF GOES TO THE DUMP .
 I recently purchased this Grizzly framing nailer after contacting Grizzly technical help to confirm the size of nails that the tool will handle -LRB- the manual says 0.113 in . shank diameter , and I wanted to use larger nails at 0.131 in -RRB- . The technical help people confirmed that the product would handle the larger diameter , so I bought one for $ 100 . I have only used it to drive a few nails so far , but I am satisfied . It does seem to have some inconsistency in the depth to which it will drive the same size nails in the same wood , but that might be me more than the tool ... I am still learning to use it . Bottom line
 I will keep this short and sweet . This is a great nail gun . It works perfect and for under a $ 100 it is an amazing product . every part of it is built rugged and does not seem cheap like a lot of other $ 100 nail guns . I would highly recommend this product .
 Excellent framing nailer for the $ $ $ . I was very impressed with the instruction maunal as it is quite detailed and easy to read . Comes with blow-mold case which is nice . Looks as good as nailers costing several hundred more . Has a lot of power and makes quick work of 31/2 '' nails .
 My husband has been waiting for a heavy duty tarp with a reasonable price . This appears to be the one he has been waiting for . Very reasonably priced and very quick shipping . Good value for the buck . Thanks Amazon .
 This cover is well suited to the high altitude environment . . Covers the snowblower well . Keeps snow & sun from degrading the snowblower .
 this is a good high quality faucet , I am a plumber and have put in lots of faucets , and this is as good of faucet I have seen , I would compare it equal to Delta and other well know faucets , and for the difference in price I would buy this faucet before a Delter , Kohler , or American Standard .
 Bigger & better than I thought I would be getting from the photo . Very pleased with the quality , finish & weightiness . Goes well with the vintage-look decor of our renovations . Spray hose a good length .
 LUV this Faucet ! The only draw back is the handheld sprayer does NOT work very well . Very disappointed ... it is hard to push the button and very little water will come out of it.Have received several compliments on it ! : - -RRB-
 I set my expectations pretty low with this set . However I have been pleasantly surprised . I have owned it for 6 months now , and I have yet to be dissapointed . If I do manage to wear one out , I 'll replace it with a higher quality bit . But this is a great way to start out . Should be most any bit I 'll need for awhile .
 The Forstner bits from Grizzly were rated as a best buy by Wood Magazine . I am very pleased with them . I have only used a couple of them , and they did what they are supposed to do . Perfect for furniture building and general woodwork .
 I ca n't speak definitively about durability as mine arrived yesterday , but I can speak about my impressions so far . -LRB- I may update / add an updated review later on if my impression changes -RRB- . The box that the bits shipped in appeared well made , however the bumper gizmos that the bits rest on were n't all lined up quite right , and several of the bits on the top right corner do n't quite have enough room , where the bits on the bottom right have too much room ... Aside from that , and it does n't really matter with the lid closed anyway as the foam blocks hold everything tight ... all was well . My box did not stick to the cardboard like others have mentioned theirs did . With the type of finish that is on this box , I can see how it could stick if not 100 % cured . If they get in a rush to run an order out the door , well curing time gets rushed ... The bits measured up accurately , or close enough for my purposes . The 1/2 '' was only shy by .001 '' which is no big deal . I used the 1-1/16 '' bit , and 3/4 '' bit which measured 1.0625 and .75 respectively . -LRB- Right on the money -RRB- . I am replacing a 7 piece Porter Cable set , along with a couple of Freud single bits . The Grizzly bits center point takes a bit more work getting the bit down into the wood , but not anything that would impact accuracy , and most likely would NOT be noticed using these in a drill press instead of a hand drill ... Once the bit is started , material removal was fast , and efficient , with shavings coming out of the back side of the bit in nearly hand plane like thin wispy curls.I am happy this set shipped with the plastic protective covers for the heads of the bits . The little extra distance they went to protect the bits is well appreciated.The hex drive bit shanks insure solid , slip free engagement with the drill , or drill press chuck . It would take some work to mess up chucking these up tightly ... These bits are typical of Asian produced tools as they are shipped coated in cosmoline , which is easy enough to get off of the bits simply with mineral spirits and a clean rag . I did not read the country of origin statement , but from the quality of the construction , and machining , I would guess these are Taiwan made and not mainland China.This is item # 2 from Grizzly for me , and I was hesitant to try them a second time due to the low quality of the first item -LRB- a drill press table -RRB- . But I see so many people that have Grizzly this or that , and are very happy with it . If this bit set quality lives up to my initial impressions , then the drill press table is just a fluke ... These appear every bit as good as the Porter Cables , and nicer than the Freuds ... And I hate to say that because I have been overjoyed by every bit and blade I have gotten from them ...
 Fair price and fast shipping . It 's not the greatest set in the world but it has various sizes and for a basic home user its fine . If you are into a home shop you might want something better . If you are running a business defiantly go with higher quality .
 I am fairly pleased with this set . Shipping was fast -LRB- 2 days -RRB- and the packaging was good . Inside the shipping box was another unopened -LRB- ie . Not a returned set -RRB- cardboard box , and inside that box was the wooden box that houses the set of bits . The wooden box is not the best as the smallest 5 or so bits were not seated properly and were probably rattling around a bit during shipping . Still the wooden box is far from the worst case I have seen as none of the bits were damaged and all are clearly marked where they belong in the box . A little more foam to hold the smallest bits would be an easy and cheap fix for the bits becoming unseated in the box . Some nice touches are all bits come with a plastic cap to protect the working end of the bit , all bits have the size stamped on the shank of the bit , and all bits have a hex shaft . Some not-so-great things about the bits are that some of them -LRB- at least 3 - I did n't check all of them -RRB- have the slightest bit of wobble in the shaft . When spun up in a drill press , bits should look like they are almost standing still as they are spinning , but these had the slightest bit of vibration in them . This causes the bit to chirp as it is plunged and withdrawn from the wood . Also , since I had some time to kill while waiting for a couple of drill batteries to recharge , I thought I would take some measurements of a few of the bits included in this set . All measurements were taken with digital calipers . Here are my results.Bit size , -LRB- decimal size -RRB- , Caliper reading2 - 1/8 , -LRB- 2.125 -RRB- , 2.1312-1 / 16 , -LRB- 2.0625 -RRB- , 2.0692 , -LRB- 2.000 -RRB- , 2.0053 / 4 , -LRB- 0.750 -RRB- , 0.75311 / 16 , -LRB- 0.6875 -RRB- , 0.6925 / 8 , -LRB- 0.625 -RRB- , 0.6329 / 16 , -LRB- 0.5625 -RRB- , 0.5671 / 2 , -LRB- 0.500 -RRB- , 0.5057 / 16 , -LRB- 0.4375 -RRB- , 0.4413 / 8 , -LRB- 0.375 -RRB- , 0.378 So you see what is keeping this from a 5-star review is the fact that my set of bits are a bit on the strong side -LRB- yes I checked to make sure the jaws of my caliper were clean -RRB- . Obviously looking at the other reviews , your results may vary . For comparison , I decided to check some of my Freud forstner bits I had laying around and they were dead on accurate , no kidding . As for the ability of these bits to actually bore a hole , I would say I am satisfied with the results . I would n't say they cut like butter , but they are definitely no worse than my other bits ; producing a clean hole with a flat bottom.So if you can put up with the bits being off by a few thousands of an inch -LRB- I can , but I still might try honing them with some fine grit sandpaper -RRB- , this may be the set for you . I think it is a pretty good price for what you get .
 This set is a great value for the `` occasional craftsman . '' About once a year I need a Forstner bit . Until now , I have found some way to work around the lack of them -- usually sub-optimally . The Grizzly set meets just about every need at a very reasonable price . There are better , professional bits on the market , but if your need falls in the `` every once in awhile '' category , you ca n't beat the value of the Grizzly set .
 I recently bought a router bit set , and when I needed a new size of forstner bit , decided to get a set for that as well . I am extremely impressed with this product . It has every size bit you could possibly need , and the box keeps them neatly organized . The quality of these is as good as any of the individual bits I have , and they cut smoothly and easily . It happened that right after getting these , I needed to drill a number of variously-sized holes for a couple of different projects , so I gave them a good workout . They worked flawlessly . The only downside - and this is only a quibble - is the box ca n't be wall-mounted , you need to sit it flat on a table when you open it . The price is ridiculously low for what you get . Highly recommended .
 An excellent value in a large set of bits . Be prepared to spend some time cleaning the cosmoline off all the bits !
 I bought this set after it was recommended in one of my magazines as a top value tool . Honestly , I have not owned any forstner bits before , so I have nothing to compare them with . I am quite pleased with them so far . I 've used several of the bits , including the largest in the set , a couple of the smallest , and a few in the middle . Most of the work I 've done with them has been in hard maple or MDF . They all cut a very nice clean hole , do n't burn , and push the removed material out of the way well.I did have the same issue that someone else mentioned where the cardboard outer sleeve was stuck to the wooden case.Overall , I recommend these , especially if you 're like me and needed a decent set to get started .
 I have n't used these drills yet ; however they look pretty good . As other reviewers have noted the wooden case had bits of the cardboard packaging box stuck to the top . # 400 steel wool removed it very easily with little visable damage to the box . My set had 2 each 19/16 '' bits and was missing the 111/16 '' bit . I called Grizzley and they sent me a 111/16 '' bit immediately and told me to keep the extra 19/16 '' bit . The set is a great value .
 The set is a good deal for the price althought the packaging is a bit crude . Still the same for me and my application in regards to wood usage they will do and do offer a larger range than one can get buying them as singles .
 Ca n't beat this 31pc set for $ 40 ! After reading previous reviews regarding that some of the bits may be sized incorrectly , I brought out the ol' trusty digital calipers and proceeded to measure all 31pcs . EVERY SINGLE ONE was sized EXACTLY as stated in the box and on the bit . The longevity of the bits have yet to be determined but so far so good !
 Bits are well made and are shipped in a attractive box . The bits perform well in both hard wood and soft wood . Good value for the money .
 this saw is great and so are alot of other hitachi tools alot of people complain and give it a bad name becouse it is not made in the usa but with there great warranty of 5yrs profesional warenty and the durability of hitachi tools are great i 've owned dewalt and sure they where great at one time but then they started slacking specialy on the drills the most common thing to go wrong is the bushings and my hitachi tools have outlasted me alot longer than my dewalt tools + they are cheaper in price anyways check it out for yourself you wo n't regret buying this high perfomance saw its lightweight and fast cutting and the cut aint as rough as the last review says you wo n't regret it ...
 I 've had this saw for a little over a year and it has been used to cut hardibacker composite siding , pavers , block , backerboard , and I even did some concrete slab cutting.Last week I did some tile work in my kitchen and was even more impressed at how accurate you can be with this saw . The tiles were only 1 `` x2 '' and I needed to cut the 1 '' tiles in half , and I needed about 10 ' for just that . No issues and a nice smooth cut . And that 's with the original blade!This saw has a lot of power and excellent visibility . And it seems to be built like a tank and I have n't had any issues yet . I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 This saw is light , easy to handle and cuts masonry and cobblestone pavers like they were warm butter . It will cut very small pieces very easily . It makes angled cuts to finish landscape work a piece of cake . I 'm sure I will find additional uses for this saw in the near future , but it has more than paid for itself with the work I have done just since ordering it .
 This saw has great power and it has proved invaluable in my current landscaping project . 11.6 Amps makes a difference . It cuts through pavers like butter with no need for water - just be sure to wear safety gogles that seal around your eyes , because lots of dust created . I have also used it on large masonry retaining wall blocks -LRB- 6 X 8 X 10 inches -RRB- . I score it all around the block , and then hit it with a chisel and it breaks right along the line -LRB- usually ! -RRB- . It does n't have a laser , but it is small enough to see your line well . I purchased this for what the rental store wanted for a weekend rental for a nice wet saw . Now , this is different from one of those , but it still gets the job done on my schedule .
 The saw is light and easy to use . The construction of it is not that strong the plate easily bends . Overall at the low price it is worth it . Just keep it out of the hands of people who are tough on tools and it will last .
 I bought this specifically to build a concrete paver patio that had a completely curved perimeter . Did n't want to rent a wet-saw since I did n't know how long it would take and did n't want to buy one because I lack storage space . The paver blocks were 23/8 '' thick and the saw cut depth is only about 25mm -LRB- about 0.9 inches -RRB- . I found the cleanest thing for me was to cut one side , flip the paver , cut the other and use a thin chisel to make the split . I developed a system and it took some time to get good at it . Lots of dust , I highly recommend a respirator and good safety glasses as chips do fly around . I bought a second blade but never needed it . For my homeowner project it sufficed and was a good value . It 's a comfortable size and weight and good quality - I already have multiple other small projects lined up for it .
 I needed a masonry saw to finish a project . Owning several Hitachi power tools already the choice for me was simple . The price is excellent here -LRB- best on the Web when I made the purchase -RRB- and delivery was quick . The saw lived up to my expectations . VERY solid and lots of power . The saw cut through the masonry like a hot knife through butter . The only negative comment I have is that the diamond blade went flat after approximately 3 linear feet of cutting but I did not expect much from a prepackaged blade . the job is done and I 'm going out to purchase a quality diamond blade for my next project
 Purchased a Hitachi CM4SB2 to cut grooves in a porch slab in preparation for acid staining . I have also used the saw to cut Hardie Board . The saw 's power , size , and weight worked great for both applications .
 i love it . thanks so much . wonderful . thanks . thanks . thanks . thanks . keep it coming . love it for sure . thanks . thanks
 we installed one of these 12 years ago on our porch . finish is oiled bronze and it still looks good . bought this one to go inside a lake house . looks good
 I purchased this spray gun to replace my high pressure spray gun that I use to spray water based polyurethane on cabinets . I am very impressed with this gun.I am spraying Minwax Polycrylic water based Polyurethane . The included 1.4 mm tip works great , atomizing very well . The resultant finish is very good . Smooth and glossy . Nice.I really like the top feed . It sprayed with absolutely no interruptions . Bottom feed guns tend to hesitate while they suck the finish up the tube into the gun . This gun just sprayed very consistently.Running HVLP -LRB- instead of the older High pressure gun -RRB- made quite a difference in overspray . There was still some fog in the air when I was done spraying , but much less than my old spray gun.Another great feature of this gun is the availability of different diameter spray tips . I purchased a 2.0 spray time for less than 7 bucks , which came with both the tip , and the matching rod that goes down the center of the gun . They have replacement tips of a variety of sizes . I will keep this tip around in case I spray heavier finishes , but the 1.4 worked great for water based poly.This gun is very adjustable . I was able to adjust fluid flow , atomizing , and spray size . I especially liked the ability to adjust the pattern from fan to round very easily . Hitting the sides of cabinet doors was a snap.I ca n't believe the quality of this gun for under $ 50 ! -LRB- you can buy the same gun , minus the regulator for $ 29 direct from Grizzly . -RRB- You do n't need the regulator if you have a regulator anywhere on your system that you can dial the pressure down to ~ 30PSI . I would definately recommend buying a rack to hold the gun . -LRB- under $ 10 from Grizzly -RRB- . I will update this review over time as I get more experience on the gun . It will be interesting to see how it holds up to corrosion with water based finishes.Pat Robinson `` The Man '' WoodworkingUpdate 10/11/2011 . I have since started using Hydrocote Resisthane Plus , a professional grade , water based finish , that you can order through Highland Woodworking . I highly recommend this finish , it sprays really well . I have sprayed numerous gallons of this finish -LRB- both gloss and satin finish -RRB- through this gun and really like it . My only complaint is that it is hard to get a really wet coat at times , but that may be a function of HVLP spray guns in general . I can still get a great finish.The gun still looks like new , both inside and outside , despite spraying water based finishes that will corrode internal parts that are not good quality stainless steel . All of the parts of this gun , including the replacement tips appear to be good quality stainless steel.I still highly recommend this gun .
 I debated over HVLP spray guns for several months , reading reviews , and looking at them in stores . I bought a cheap Cambell Hausfelt siphon gun and tried spraying latex with it and it was terrible , spraying blotches and sputtering . I immediately took it back and finally decided to buy this gun . I am currently in the process of spraying an outdoor playground I just built and I used this gun to spray both the primer and the topcoat , both latex , and it works great . I purchased the 2.0 mm tip for the job and I just ca n't get over how well it works . I did n't even have to thin the paint . I sprayed the primer straight from the can and then I did add some floetrol to the topcoat to make it flow really nice for the finished product , but I really do n't think it needed it . I know an airless is the gun to use for latex , but this is a fraction of the price and I also plan on using it to spray poly and lacquer on furniture . This gun is the best value for sure , especially since the replacement tips are a fraction of the cost of other brands . Other tips cost about $ 25 , where this one was $ 7 . This gun is the exact same gun as the H5528 and the replacement tips for the H5528 will fit this gun perfectly . If you are in the market for an HVLP gun , do n't hesitate buying this one .
 It keeps a sharp cut even after heavy use , its incredibly silent , an excellent product .
 This is a great blade , I have one on my table saw , one on my radial arm saw , one on my miter saw and one on my sliding arm miter saw .
 Good overall blade that cuts a variety of woods with ease , from soft 4x4s to myrtle wood and cherry , it does not leave a perfect finishing edge like a 90 toother , but is not splintered and chewed , and can cut larger stock without loading up . A good multi-use blade , and Frued is a good manufacture .
 This is one of two Thin Kerf Freud Combination blades I bought recently.Freud LU83R012 and Freud LU86R012.I bought different blades and put them on two identical new saws.I expected that one might perform better and I would replace the underperforming.They are performing the same repetitive task and both are doing a great job.In the first day they each went through about one thousand cuts each , both flawlessly.I ca n't tell any difference in performance.Maybe one will require sharpening sooner , it is early , but for now I wish I had just bought two of the lesser expensive.Again it is early , but I am pleased with both and they are worth the money .
 I am a professional painter and love this brush . It is one of the few brushes with a soft handle , so it easy on the fingers . Wooster is a great brand as well in the industry .
 Holds a lot of paint . Bristles did n't clump together like my other brushes after 30 minutes of use . Love the shergrip handle ; it 's easy to hold onto and stays clean .
 I have an old 8 '' Tool Craft table saw in my shop which has served me very well for more than 30 years , and my father for about 30 before that . I have the Diablo blade on my 10 '' table saw , one of my 10 '' chop saws , and my cordless circular saw , so I was confident that the new blade would be adequate and as good , if not better than my old carbide blades , which had all been recently serviced . Wow , what a difference ! This blade is like a totally new saw in both soft and hardwoods . Smooth and no tear-out even in veneer going cross grain .
 I bought three new blades , one for my miter saw , one for my small 61/2 inch circular saw , and this 8 inch blade for my older model 10ER Shopsmith . All three Freud . It 's just incredible what a difference these have made . This 8 inch blade on the Shopsmith leaves an incredibly smooth surface , especially when ripping , rarely even has to be jointed or sanded before gluing . The 10 inch/80 tooth full kerf industrial Freud blade -LRB- LU85R010 -RRB- that I put on my miter box makes crosscuts on endgrain so smooth that it actually shines in reflected light . As always , it again demonstrates that having a great quality , sharp blade on any saw is a lot more important that having a really powerful saw .
 This blade is by far the cleanest cutting blade -LRB- in this price range -RRB- for crosscutting plywood with minimal tearout that I have ever used in 30 + years . Very good results on melamine board as well . Worth it 's price !
 This blade does it all . Rip cuts and cross cuts come out clean . I use a low powered table saw that was constantly overheating when making rip cuts but this fixed the problem . The thin kerf blade with the lubricated surface -LRB- might as well be teflon -RRB- slices through anything with ease . Do n't get sticker shock because this blade is worth every penny .
 This Freud blade is cut from a thicker , sturdier blank resulting in a very stable and wobble free blade , producing a very smooth cut . This blade is much better than what I could find in local chains like Home Depot and Ace . I switch to other blades for special purposes ; non ferrous metal , or a 24t rough ripping blade for speed , or 60t for very fine finish or veneered ply , or plastic . But for all around use , sometimes ripping and sometimes cross cutting , this Freud performs very , very nicely .
 I 'm using this on a little Dewalt MBF Radial Arm Saw . The ATB and 10 degree positive hook along with the thin kerf help this somewhat underpowered saw perform well . When using on a radial saw , make sure your saw is in perfect alignment or the positive hook angle may contribute to self feed into the work . A nice blade for the price .
 This is simply the most beautiful plant stand you 'll ever see . After a little difficulty with double-ended screws , it goes together well , works incredibly well , and makes any plant stand out . I use it for bonsai and orchids . Well worth the money !
 Never imagined i would be cutting crown with a saw this size ... . this thin kerf is amazingly fast and sharp performing as a Freud is expected ... WOW !! KEVIN
 I purchased this blade for my 15in Hitachi Chop Saw to cut large beams . It performs perfectly . The combination setup allows for less friction but I still get a great cross cut finish . As can be expected of Freud , it is well made and stays sharp . I would definitely recommend and will be getting another soon to replace this one during sharpening .
 I read all the reviews about this blade and decided to go ahead and purchase one . My saw is a Delta and it does n't have a large motor . This blade does above and beyond what the reviews show . Excellent cuts !!! I could n't even hear the blade running . I work alot with oak and it 's like cutting butter . I would highly recommend this blade to everyone .
 Great quality , smooth crosscuts and rips quite operation.A must have for lower powered table saws.My 11/2 hp Craftsman goes through 11/2 inch rips on pine like butter.I always wanted one of these blades and now that I have one I could n't be more pleased with the performance , it lives up to the freud reputation at a fair price .
 Wow ! I did n't realize how much of a difference a new saw blade would make . This one makes beautiful , smooth cuts and the blade is much quieter than my previous blade . I bought this to rip 1 '' boards into strips for building a kayak . It has done that and much more . I highly recommend this blade
 I have bought several lower priced blades that claim they are just as good as mid to high end blades . This blade is my 2nd Freud blade . This is an outstanding blade for ripping and crosscutting . I have a nice grizzly z series contractors saw . I get splinter free cuts every time . I do use zero clearance inserts and a miter gauge with a fence with zero clearance , which adds to the cut quality . The cut surface is very smooth with no burns . No sanding needed in most cases . The price is right too . GO FOR IT!Mike LeyvaSan Jose , CA
 This blade is really great ! I installed it on my Griz contractors saw after using a standard width blade for years . So far it has performed flawlessly . Although I have not cut through any 8/4 lumber yet it cut effortlessly through some 5/4 cherry . I am really happy with it so far . Also , because it is a thin kerf blade there is less wood waste . Looks like it is very well made . I also have the Freud Super Dato and that blade is one of the top rated blades . Good company - you ca n't go wrong with them .
 I was first introed to this blade in the freud trailer at a distributor tool show . The Freud exhibitor had this as his favorite rip blade . It rips every bit as smooth as the glue line rip blade , but it has a thicker cut capacity . The glue line blade is border line if you use 4/4 lumber . I will never use anything else to rip with . Keep if clean and you can get cuts that glue together without jointing . Thank you Freud .
 Used it to rip triangle boars out of a 2X10X16 . Made a nice clean cut on the boards . With edges so sharp you could cut your hand but after about 3 passes on the 16 ' board it started slowing down . Seems to have lost it 's edge pretty quick . Kind of pricey blade to only get a few cut 's out of .
 Bought this for my new bench top JET table saw . I 've got other Freud blades for my circular saw and love them . So of course I had to get this for the JET . The JET saw stays smooth and steady through all cuts . I do get the red marks on occasion , but only after slow feed rate , and if I forget and push from the scrap side . My fault , NOT the blade.This brand I would highly recommend to anyone , and have done so .
 I dont know what the deal is with ATB -LRB- alternating top bevel -RRB- they leave a small peaked ridge in the slot if you dont cut it all the way through the wood . This had a grind tooth on it between the ATB teeth and that tooth cleans out the ridge left . Freud blades are good and I use them a lot . This blade is slightly smaller than a 1/8th inch but it 's nice to have and probably what most people need .
 Have it on a Ridgid 2400LS . Not too many board feet through it though .
 I bought this for my Delta Contractor to use saw while I had my TK WWII sharpened and the cuts are better than the Forrest . Rips are glass smooth and no splintering in crosscuts . And it is so quiet I can hardly tell there 's a blade on the saw .
 I agree this blade makes a smooth cut but it burns cherry while ripping too slow . Here are my initial findings . Pros
 I have a Bosch 4000 Contractor 's table saw . I replaced the factory blade with the Freud thin kerf as an upgrade i suspected would make a difference with an `` underpowered saw . '' I was right . I 've cut 3/4 oak and you can not hear the motor change pitch . I suspect that the thin kerf helps . Cuts are ready for glue up . I used a couple of the Frued stablizer disks for good measure . That much inertia has got to be good for something , right ? The rip blade is just as good . There might be better blades , but this one is good enough for me .
 Ca n't beat this ATB/Flat tooth combination blade for general every day use on the table saw . I use a zero clearance insert in the table and this blade excels at everything except the trickiest materials . . -LRB- two sided melamines , ripping thick hard wood , etc. -RRB- It is also the safest combo blade I have used ... will NOT kick back on you unlike several other well known brands because of the way the teeth are designed ... whisper smooth , teflon coated , new laser cut expansion slots , thinner kerf with a lot of carbide to provide several sharpenings ... a great investment . I also like the bright red color of these Freud blades . As a woodworker that experienced a bad accident when I was just learning the trade , the red color of the blades immediately make you pay attention when flipping that power switch ... subtle but psychological trigger for added safety ... Best price and qualified for free shipping from Amazon , how can you beat that ?
 Works great . Stays sharp . Makes your work look like it should . A professional tool for professional results . Amazon has a good price and delivers the product . Just the way it should be .
 Before buying this blade , I have mostly used a Delta combination blade -LRB- 1/8 '' kerf , 50 tooth -RRB- and a Freud 60 tooth blade -LRB- 3/32 '' kerf -RRB- for the past few years . The former came with my saw , the latter I bought thinking I always wanted ultra-smooth cuts . The need for a new blade came when I chipped off a tooth from the Freud 60 -LRB- so now it 's a 59 -RRB- courtesy an 18-gauge brad.This blade was recommended to me by a Freud rep at a Woodcraft store one weekend . He listened to what I mostly do -LRB- lots of plywood , some pine and some hardwood , some 2x4s -RRB- and said I should give the LU83 a try.I 'm really glad I listened to his advice.The blade is very quiet . There is almost no additional noise when I feed 3/4 '' MDF , and no apparent resistance - I do n't have to push any harder to keep the same feed speed , and the blade does not seem to slow at all . The tired cliche applies
 Great blade for the price . This blade handles all my cutting needs with ease ... clean crosscuts , strong rip cuts , and even does a decent job on sheetgoods . It brought new life to my old 1hp contractor saw ! It made a noticeable difference !
 Am a retired Mechanical Engineer & have been woodworkingfor 14 years . Been thru two table saws & several blades.Best prior blade was of German mfg & cost twice as much.THIS blade is the BEST I have ever used.NO burning on Cherry , Walnut , Lyptus , Maple , Beech or Oak !!! Slick surface in ripping or crosscutting . 200 grit finish at LEAST . Held blade by hole in center with a nail ; striking blade produced NO vibration !!! Apparently the red coating & laser cuts kill any vibration . Helps to explain beautifully cut surfaces . QUIET ! A thin kerf & SUPER sharp teeth allow the 1.5 hp motor to keep running at full RPM . Prior blade `` rang '' when struck & was of yesterdays technology.The Freud is as good as it gets using todays best engineering to get the BEST results . Do I sound impressed ? YES !!!!!!! Do n't wait . This is THEE one . As always , Amazons price & delivery were excellent !!
 Use it constantly on my table saw & would n't spend the extra on Forrester ever again . I agree with the premise that one gets what one pays for , but I 'm also aware that one can pay too much for some things . Have several Freud blades and intend to buy more . Fella who sharpens my blades likes them because as he says , &#34; there 's plenty of metal on the blade &#34; . If the blade can satisfy that grumpy old curmudgeon , that 's saying something .
 this saw blade will cut any wood cleanly and with no marking or burning . I cut many sheets of 3/4 ply and never got a rough or damaged edge once . The thin kerf is nice if you have a saw with a 2 hp or less motor as it goes through the wood with less effort and it also helps you get more cut pieces out of your layout with less wastage .
 I replaced the factory the blade in my Ridgid R4512 with this one . Huge difference . This blade makes much smoother cuts and is significantly less noisy than the old one . Fantastic bargain , easily worth the price .
 I bought this blade to replace the original blade on my Laguna table saw and was pleasantly surprised when it produced great cuts with much less noise . I do n't have room for a jointer so I use the table saw to joint boards for table top glue-ups . I rotate the boards so it works even if the blade is not exactly square to the table . The Festool Domino loose-tenon machine lets me locate the boards vertically so there is very little mismatch at the joints . The Domino is much more precise than a biscuit joiner . A cabinet scraper easily levels the joint and sanding finishes the job . No reason to use veneer plywood when you can easily glue up a solid wood panel .
 This is a great blade , but if you want to stop the burning on your cherry , you need a Freud 10 '' x 30T `` glue-line '' rip blade . And I would recommend sharpening all your blades at BurnsPowerTools in FallRiver , MA . There sharpening techniques are world-wide famous , and you will not find a better sharpening any where in the world . They get blades sent to them from across the hole country , you can ups them in , and they will ups them back in 1 week . Go on there Web sight and look at the testimonials , or just try them out . They are so good and confident they will sharpen your first blade for free just to prove it . Since I 've gone there my blades stay sharp 3x longer , and they blow Forrest sharpening out of the water , I use to send my Forrest blades to Forrest to be sharpened , never again . With Burns , it 's like night and day . I 've actually had them sharpen brand new blades out of the package because there technique is better than these blade manufacturers can do . Incredible !!!
 This is by far the best saw blade I have ever purchased.It compliments my CraftsmanTable Saw -LRB- 28107 -RRB- . I would recommend this blade to anyone .
 Very good saw blade but sounds like a air raid warning when used with a zero clearance insert . Would buy again
 By far the best saw blade I have ever owned . I installed it on my 50year old craftsman table saw and can rip a 2X4 like it was butter .
 I am very pleased with this blade . It is entirely satisfactory for my needs . It produces a very clean cut that is pretty much ready for glue-up . I highly recommend this product .
 This blade does exactly what it is supposed to do . Cuts cleanly in hard as well as soft wood . I am very pleased with its ' performance . My saw motor does not get bogged down apparently due to the thin kerf and coated blade .
 this is a really good blade , sure there are better ones , but for the money freud makes some really good products . i 've been very happy with it 's smooth cut for making picture frames from oak , cherry , and maple.travis from illinois
 I purchased my first and last tablesaw -LRB- JET -RRB- and purchased the blade a bit later after researching the different types and manufactures . If you can purchase a tablesaw blade better than this it would suprize me . It truly gives you a glue ready joint . I have learned over the years that new items sometimes only work well for a short time and than they are not worth the money you paid . After a few weeks , but not much use , it still cut as clean as a jointer would do .
 Cut a piece of wood with your old saw blade first . Then put your new freud on and take a look for yourself . So smooth you could get away without sanding ! At least while it 's still nearly brand new , and after about a years use , it was still better than some brand new blades . No vibration . Even put up with me overworking the saw and blade and getting it really hot . I was worried I might have ruined it , but it still cuts nice ! Money well spent and I 'd buy some more any day ! Now if only I had the money for a better table saw !
 A friend of mine swears by this blade - and now I know why . Cuts all kinds of wood -LRB- s -RRB- with ease , and , obviously , the thin kerf is a plus . I 'll never use another .
 This is the best saw blade I have ever used . It cuts all types of wood from Brazilian Cherry to Plywood better than a hot knife thru butter ... rip or crosscut !!! The end result is a cut which is glue line ready . No need to joint this edge !!! It is perfect straight off the table saw .
 I recently purchased this blade to replace the blade that came with my Ridgid table saw . Right away there was a radical increase in performance . I had not realized how poorly the previous blade was performing . The Freud cuts almost as smooth as glass and handles relatively thick materials with ease . The only reason I give it a 4 out of 5 is that it tends to burn the wood if you pause while ripping . I have checked the setup of the saw and it is set up correctly , so it has to be the blade . I assume this is because of the thin kerf . However , considering the fact it 's not hard to keep most stock moving while using the saw , it 's not a huge issue .
 I have been using this Freud thin kerf blade on a table saw that is not one of the big shop monsters . The thin kerf rips and crosscuts through most wood , including walnut and oak , without a drastic loss of rpms . And the cut is so smooth that it reduces time spent on edge finishing . If you have a smaller table saw , I think you will like this blade .
 I just installed this blade in my table saw , and while the LU88 crosscuts much smoother , the LU83 is another nice blade , better for ripping than the LU88 . A little tearout , and my 2.5 HP table saw bogged down a little , but it makes a much better cut than my old no-name blade . I put the LU88 in my mitre saw , and the LU83 in my table saw .
 I bought this blade as an all-purpose solution for my garage workshop . I 've used it to rip MDF , pine , red oak and a six-panel door . I 've also used it for pine and red oak crosscuts . It has performed extremely well , leaving very clean cuts . I would definitely buy this blade again -LRB- although I expect it will remain sharp for a long time -RRB- .
 I have just tried this blade in the last few months . When you put it in and turn the saw on it sounds just like on TV , and cuts ten times better than those less expensive one from the big box stores . I have them on my crosscut saw and table saw and I am totally sold.Now I am wondering how a hundred dollar blade would cut.Carl
 This is a quality set . I am very happy with the features , quality , power and value this provides . The drill can be a little loud , but it is one the strongest in it 's class . You 'll be happy , just wait for a deal to come around on it .
 Great price , Great tools , Great communication and Great dilivery ! Very recommended , I will be back !
 I 'm the original TOOL GUY -LRB- way before Tim Allen and Binford -RRB- , and I know tools ! I own and use enough woodworking tools to make most woodworking shops envious . Although I have not had a chance to use this tool on a real project my initial impression is it ` s a `` WINNER '' . The drill/driver is well made and has impressive power -LRB- torque -RRB- . The integral light is a great idea . Many times I have to hold a flashlight in on hand and drill with the other , never again . The carrying bag also deserves a high score . My former Ni-Cad powered drill/driver came in a plastic case that took up too much valuable storage space . The bag storage is compact and well made . I will add to this review when I get an opportunity to use it on my next project >> > Stay Tuned !
 This is just a first impression of the tools . I just picked them up today and have n't had a chance to really use them yet . I work at lowes and sell tools all day . I 've heard a lot of feedback from customers about their tools , from manufacturers , and have spent a lot of time personally looking at tools . Also I use to work construction , and still do on the side , so I have used tools all day also , and have used pretty much every brand out there.This is the second 3 piece combo kit I have bought . The previous was a Ridgid . I ca n't really say anything bad about the performance of my ridgid tools , they have been excellent . They have proven themselves over and over to perform and be very durable . The hitachis were bought as supplements , not replacements . I needed another drill and the combo was actually cheaper than the drill alone . The literature I 've read from Hitachi while working at lowes explicitly states that they position themselves to target Ridgid as far as price , quality , etc. so I thought they would be a good comparison.My first impression is that I will like the Hitachis better than my ridgids though . This is assuming that I will not be dissappointed with the performance -LRB- which I am extremely confident of as I sell a lot of Hitachis to contractors and professionals who are more than happy with their tools , never had any complaints from them -RRB- . I think the Hitachis are a more thought out tool than the ridgids.Starting with the drill
 I gave up on cordless drills over 5 years ago . I was absolutely sick of the one , maybe two , useful hours per charge from NiCad batteries and the fact that the power they provide degrades through the use of the charge , rendering the tools useless for anything other than very small jobs where a power source is not handy.I 've owned this set for about a year now . I was very reluctant to invest again in cordless tools , but with some major home renovation projects ahead and after reading about the power , endurance , and reliability of Lithium rechargables , I settled on this set at the recommendation of Consumer Reports.I am extremely impressed with this technology . It takes several hours of hard use to wear these batteries down . There does n't seem to be much , if any , degredation in power through the charge . However , there are warning signs of low power in that the tools will bind the last few uses -- totally acceptable . The recharge time is only a few hours and the batteries are easily interchanged between the tools , making it such that you 'll have zero down time if rotating between the two included battery packs . -LRB- Though you may want to get an extra if you plan on using the light in conjunction for bigger jobs , or if sharing the tools with a partner on the job . -RRB- The drill and saws-all have served me well . 18 volts is more than adequate for most home jobs , but it is worth every penny . The drill cuts through 4x4 's with ease , bores concrete with little effort . Yet it has a wide range of easily changable settings , the best of which being the trigger-controlled variable speed , making it also useful for jobs as simple as light electrical work and picture hanging . It does have amazing torque -- it 's counter-balanced so it does n't destroy your wrist and there are variable torque settings . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the extremely noisy hammer function is only on during the highest torque settings , furthering the drill 's versatility . And the saws-all ? I ca n't believe how I got this far through life without it.I would have given this set a 5-star rating had it not been for the durability of the drill . Granted , it is the most durable I have ever owned , however , after using it at the hammer setting when firring-out a basement wall over a period of several hours -LRB- about 50 bores -RRB- , it somehow locked itself on the hammer setting and I can no longer turn it down . It sounds like some bearings popped loose in the torque selector . Again , it has served me well and I am happily purchasing another .
 We are in construction ... this kit has come in handy ... we actually bought it for one of our employees to keep with him ... it has paid for itself many times over ; -RRB-
 I use this product daily , drill has plenty of grunt and battery running time is almost as good as my Panasonic . Have used drill for drilling smaller concrete holes -LRB- hammer mode -RRB- works really well . The sawzall is invaluable especiilay in wet places less chance of electrocution amd sawzall cuts real well , good to have the variable speed
 I 'm no pro , but I use a lot of tools . We bought a 70 year old house that needed some work , so I 'm getting to it with this tool set . After searching high and low for the right kind of combo kit - this one is perfect . It does n't come with an impact driver I 'll probably never need , or a bunch of other random tools that would be useless . It does , however , have three very useful tools : Hammer drill
 Happy with the product it was just what I had hoped when I had received it . I still consider this product after having put it through the rigors of use to continue to be a quality product .
 What can I say , It 's not like I jump outta bed in the morning , all excited to see the spout . I screwed it in , water comes out ... It 's shiny .
 The mallet is fine . It is a little bigger than I wanted - for use in the kitchen to aid in cutting tough vegetables , ie. , turnips , squash , etc. - but it will do just fine .
 I order the grey non marking mallet for my husand because that is what is required for his job . But I recieved a black mallet instead . I did call the number on the reciept for the mallet and no one ever called me back . So the product was nice but I will probably not purchase from amazon again because I recieved the wrong product and no one got back to me on fixing it .
 This blade is advertised as a general purpose blade and it is exactly that . Using it in a radial arm saw I have found that in cross cutting it works very well , but in ripping long pieces of wood it bogs down , whereas a ripping blade would not . It is , as most compromises are , imperfect , but within that limitation , it is a good blade .
 It 's a general purpose blade . It does nothing spectacular , but it does cut much better than -LRB- likely -RRB- anything that came with your new or old saw . Great for ripping , OK to nimbly-above-average for cross-cutting with a crosscut table . Works well for all but the super-specialized woodworker .
 Simply ca n't beat these blades . We keep one in the Tsaw and one in the miter saw for general work . Leaves a good surface on solid wood . Our expensive Forset blades just sit on the rack now except for plywood and mitering . These work really well for genral cross cutting at the miter saw . Cheap to buy and easy to sharpen .
 This blade is the perfect mix of quality and value for me . I had it on my saw for months . I ripped and crosscut hundreds of board feet of hardwoods before it got dull . No worries as the tooth thickness is good enough for at least 2 more sharpenings . I picked up a second LU86 to use when I send the first one in for sharpening.This is blade you can leave on your saw for 99 % of the time if you want . I have a Forrest Woodworker II 30T , which is a super blade but is is 50 % better for 50 % more cost ? Probably not.For most of us , this blade will fit the bill .
 I 've been using this blade on hardwood , softwood , crap wood , plywood , particle board , and MDF and it 's still working fine . I can tell the blade is getting dull now , but I 've gotten two years out of it without it going to the sharpener . It 's just now starting to slow down as I cut wood . I keep it really clean -LRB- especially after pine -RRB- and I think that has not only helped the cuts , but has also helped keep it from burning the wood . In fact , the only time I did get a burn from it was when my fence got bumped out of alignment and my cuts were pinched . Other than that it 's been great . The only thing I do n't care much for is it 's thin kerf . I bought it thinking that I might like the thinner kerf , but I found I really do n't like having to compensate for it .
 I purchased this saw blade to replace the one that came with my table saw . The difference was immediately noticeable . This blade makes nice smooth cuts even when cutting through several inches of wood . You will not be sorry if you choose to buy this one .
 Freud fabrique des bons produits et je suis tr&egrave;s satisfait de ce produit.Rapport Qualit&eacute; prix excellent.Tr&egrave;s dommage que la compagnie ne livrais pas au Qu&eacute;bec , Canada .
 This is probably one of the better blades I 've used . Easily better then any blade that would come with your saw .
 Wonderful - as stable as standard kerf blades . Saves LOTS of wood when making inlay bandings and stringing without having to remove bandsaw cut marks . Worth every cent .
 I do n't know what you can say about a doorbell button . It installed easily with no issues , works well and looks much better than the old one I replaced .
 This doorbell is effective , easy to install and lights up so that it is easy to see at night - good product .
 It 's lighted and it rings . We 're good . Now the UPS and Fedex guys might actually ring my bell before dumping the packages at my front door .
 It works and was narrow and white . My daughter 's door bell was broken and had been for a long time .
 I am a professional carpenter/cabinet & furniture maker . However , I do n't care if you are a professional or a do-it-yourselfer . Freud blades are excellent for the money . I use them exclusively . I have them on all my miter boxes , radial arm saws and table saws . I have used the 8 '' blades on my portable Makita table saw for over twenty-five years ! Their blades for `` ripping '' are second to none ! Freud is all I ever use/buy/order . I especially like the fact that they make a good selection of thin kerf blades . I have never had a bad blade from Freud . Their `` TK '' series are know for a thin kerf . They are all well balanced and tend to stay sharp longer than most . You can find them on sale in several woodworking magazines from different suppliers along with right here on Amazon . Hope this helps .
 The Grizzly workbench was a gift for my father-in-law . He builds large model ships and boats . He wanted a workbench for a converted second floor bedroom . Believe me , this workbench is a piece of furniture so it looks great in his home!The large box arrived quickly , inside all the parts are organzied and safely packaged . All the parts are well marked and the instructions do a pretty good job of illustrating each step . Everything screws and fits together exactly . I suggest two things :1 -RRB- Have a friend help you , the maple top is heavy and once assembled you 'll need help sitting the bench upright .2 -RRB- Keep all the labeling on the wood parts -LRB- you ca n't see the labels anyway -RRB- and save the instructions , that way you can dis-assemble and re-assemble the bench for future moves.I highly recommend this product .
 This tool is tons cheaper than anything else you can find . It does what it says , is well made , and comes with a nice useful case . Highly recommend this for an occasional use tool.I Have a 10 ' John Deere farm type rotary cutter -LRB- HX10 mower -RRB- , and the blades can not be removed without such a tool . This tool does the job with ease , and appears to be well made .
 Amazing product easy to manage simple to use . I wish I would have purchased this one first . Top Quality would highly recomend .
 In doing a lot of remodel work , I 've had to use wood putty to cover up a blem or two . I 've been frustrated by many different brands , but this one just seems to work . You give it a good mix , and it has a great consistency that goes into place and does n't roll back out . It dries very quick - you 'll quickly learn to not get such a large amount on your knife at a time ! It accepts stain better than any I 've used as well . I bought a few different colors and have had good luck mixing my own shades when necessary . I 've used it on millwork , floors , under paint , varnish , stain , tung oil , poly , and it has held up great . I 'm a big fan of this product . Oh , and if it dries out , you can refresh it with the Famowood solvent , but I 've had good luck just using acetone .
 If you are diligent to keep the lid on tight , it should n't dry out on you . But if it does , just add some acetone and it softens back up again . Colors match very well and it dries quickly , so you can sand soon after using . Holds up well to all finishes . Been using it for many year and never a problem . The only improvement would be to put it in a jar with screw on lid .
 this company rocks i built a table from a pallet and used this stuff to fill the cracks dents etc.This work great and the table is like rock i love this stuff
 In doing a lot of remodel work , I 've had to use wood putty to cover up a blem or two . I 've been frustrated by many different brands , but this one just seems to work . You give it a good mix , and it has a great consistency that goes into place and does n't roll back out . It dries very quick - you 'll quickly learn to not get such a large amount on your knife at a time ! It accepts stain better than any I 've used as well . I bought a few different colors and have had good luck mixing my own shades when necessary . I 've used it on millwork , floors , under paint , varnish , stain , tung oil , poly , and it has held up great . I 'm a big fan of this product . Oh , and if it dries out , you can refresh it with the Famowood solvent , but I 've had good luck just using acetone .
 5 stars for brightness on this light ; it 's like pulling your car up with the high beams on . You can see at least as clearly as with the regular room lighting on , including back in corners and behind things where the light is n't reaching directly . I also like that the top can be used without the tripod.The tripod is where the 1 star deduction comes in . It 's pretty good , but both the clamp that keeps it extended , and the pins that hold the top to the tripod are just a little less secure than I 'd like . For this price I ca n't complain too much , though . I do n't think it 'll be a problem for my needs.I set this up in the hallway so I could do some wiring , and each lamp clearly lit up a bedroom . It 's also going to be nice in the attic , where I 'm not planning to go often enough to install permanent lights .
 Great buy , looks like it will be a great help around the house .
 I do n't take time to do reviews but ... The 14 '' carbide Freud blade with 42 teeth that I bought looks to be very good quality and was shipped quickly.Heavy thick blade , well chromed , EDM ` ed anti-vibe slots in it , filled with polymer . Nicely brazed teeth and ground precisely to a sharp edge at a left/right stagger angle . I ordered it Wednesday evening at 11:00 PM and it arrived Friday around noon . And I did n't pay for speedier than standard shipping . If it cuts like it looks , I 'll be more than happy for my $ 77 .
 This is a replacement for the same . the 1st one lasted a couple of years , the chrome faded from exposure to soap and detergent and the spout being rusted and plugged up.Franke dispenser looks great , works great but it 's very pricey for a factory mass item .
 Very happy with this product . I have a large family , and now they all have these in their BOB 's for an emergency .
 I bought these to add to my bug-out bag , and to the bug-out bags I gave as gifts one year . I had occasion to actually use them when I went camping and the night got colder than we anticipated . If I have any criticism at all , it was they they were too warm , ha ha . I worked one into my sleeping bag the first night and crinkled and sweat all night . The following night , I worked it into the top of my tent and it kept the cold air from coming in through the vents.Great product , cheap , great addition to the trunk of your car or your bug-out bags .
 i purchased these mylar blankets to reflect the suns heat from my pop up camper beds , it worked even better than i hoped , this product was the exact size and quality as advertised .
 I keep a supply of these around for all sorts of reasons . In addition to the intended use , the Mylar film is strong and has lots of day to day uses.I 'm not sure there 's a huge difference between these and other brands I 've tried , so I tend to go with the lowest cost per square foot - and that led me to these . They come wrapped in a small plastic bag and it 's easy to put a few anywhere they might come in handy.Definitely recommended .
 We used this mylar for my daughter 's class homecoming float this year ! It worked out wonderfully and was less costly and less hassle than using tin foil . The mylar held up great and we even sewed one of them on to material , although it was fragile , it worked ! Great PRODUCT , for a Great PRICE !!!
 Just a little more information that might help you decide to buy this . Each blanket is individually wrapped and they come in one large ziploc bag.They are all PrimaCare Foil Mylar Rescue Blankets , 62 `` x82 '' . At a local chain store something like this , but smaller , was $ 1.88 each . At this Amazon price I can have plenty in each car and emergency / earthquake kits and hope to never have to use them . Cheap insurance .
 I have not used these yet , but the purpose of my review is simply to let everyone know that these are the real deal . Many complain when purchasing Mylar Blankets that they did not receive the ones pictured and described on Amazon . From this seller you get the blankets that are pictured and described here.They come individually wrapped , and do n't take up much space in your first-aid kit . If you do n't have some yet , get some . You 'll be glad you did .
 We used these Mylar blankets to decorate for our space themed VBS . I could not find a better deal on these blankets than Amazon . It was great deal at 12 for a little over $ 12 .
 I ca n't say much about these since we have n't had to use them in an emergency situation , however they appear to be exactly what they are supposed to be
 Got the horror stories while taking a camping class at REI . Bought these for each of our backpacks and the car . We opened one to show our kids how and when to use it if they got lost . They are as advertised , and much cheaper than the store .
 Each of the blankets is packaged individually , so they are easy to disperse amongst your packs , vehicles , and gear stashes . Other than that , they 're mylar blankets - just like every other mylar blanket I 've messed with . These ones , measuring about 5 feet by 7 feet , are pretty big .
 This is a good product ; strong , well-made , and with hundreds of uses . I keep four in the car for emergencies , and have been using some around the studio as light reflectors.The only drawback was that they were delivered weeks after I ordered them , taking far longer to arrive than products I ordered days to a week later .
 I bought enough of these to stock 2 in each car , and 6 at home . They come in water tight ziplocked pouches , unfold easily , and are quite large . Given how the world seems to be getting ever more dangerous and unpredictable , these are a good investment .
 These blankets have endless uses , especially if you live in a cold climate . I even use it sometimes in my greenhouse to warm things up a bit . It works well and does the job , especially when you wrap up in it . When in doubt , just give it a moment or two and see . Great invention .
 Everyone should have at least a few of these stashed somewhere in their emergency kits at home and in the car . They can be a life-saving item in many ways - not just as a blanket/wrap . They have too many creative uses to list here - check some camping or survival sites , or search on &#34; mylar blanket use &#34; . This brand is a good one and of a slightly larger size than many other brands that can be significantly smaller - so watch the sizes . However , check the reviews before purchasing from any vendor as they should not cost much more than about $ 1 each . This is supposed to be a pack of 12 and many people only got one . Amazon was great at refunding my purchase when only 1 unit was sent . I have purchased these successfully before , so I 'd guess it was a new person packer at the store - my single unit had the 12-pack UPC code on it , but when I opened it there was only one unit inside . These items are almost always individually packed for distribution to single people and optional disposable use , so make sure you get your full order .
 Neatly packaged for tucking away in small places . Good product . Pleased to have it in my get-and-go bag . Always keep one in my car .
 I may have already written my review when I received this -LRB- ca n't see if yeah or nay -RRB- , but I just want to say absolutely no problems whatsoever ordering from this individual/company . In fact , it surprised the daylights out of me . Order placed on a Saturday , with promise of Thursday delivery ... got it on MONDAY . Outstanding and exactly what I ordered . Thank you !
 Love how each comes individually wrapped in a small form so it can be stored in a glove compartment , pocket , etc. . Great deal for the price of about a buck per .
 Thank you for the instant response to my question and the very quick delivery of the blankets . They are just as described - a quality product .
 These arrived fast and were just what was needed for a variety of emergency and disaster kits.Thanks , Amazon , for carrying a much needed item at such a low price !
 Seems to be good enough . Have not had to use them yet , but have spread these all around the house , backpack , car , etc. .
 We have not had a chance to use the blankets , but they look very good .
 I have used mylar `` space '' blankets for the past 30 years for near innumerable projects . Want to make a solar oven ? here 's a tool to allow that . Increase the rating on your sleeping bag by 20 degrees -LRB- put the mylar INSIDE the bag -RRB- , I 've made emergency ponchos from them while backpacking . Ground cloths , signal devices , sun awnings -LRB- in this mode they help provide cooling -RRB- , insulation for coolers , animal shelters , a lining for an incubator.They do n't have to wait around in your car or `` read bag '' to find uses ! However , I carry them in each vehicle , I have one in each of my various -LRB- depending on purpose -RRB- `` ready bags '' , in emergency kits made for the kids and in all the first aid kits in the house , vehicles , the ranch and other such haunts.This little piece of plastic may well be one of the premier tools of all time .
 I bought these to cover the windows on an enclosed south facing porch during the summer . I cut them to size and applied with packing tape around the frames . They definitely lower the temp in that room , although it still gets very warm in there at least now it 's tolerable . They do block a bit of the sunlight , I 'd say around 25 % lower light in the room but it 's worth it . These are strong and wo n't tear until you cut them , then they tear very easily once even a tiny cut is started . I 'll also be stashing some of these in the car and my backpack . They 're extremely compact and lightweight and economical . Each comes in its own little ziploc bag and you could easily fit two or three of them in the back pocket of your jeans .
 We purchased these blankets to keep in the car for emergencies . Thankfully we have n't had to use them . We also used them to line our rescued black lab 's dog house for added warmth in our N.E. PA. home . We then used it to make a shelter for some free range kitty 's that took up residence on our porch . We lined a box with the blankets . The kitty 's are nice and toastie . This is a great product at a great price !!!!
 You can use these reflective mylar foil sheets for dozens of applications - and with 12 huge sheets you 'll have plenty left over even after tossing 2 in each of your cars!Mylar is strong , light and -LRB- this metalized type -RRB- is highly reflective , both of light and thermal energy . Normally this stuff costs quite a bit , especially if you buy it packaged for some of its other common uses . Mylar does come in several thicknesses and these blankets are cut from one of the thinner types -LRB- < 1mm -RRB- . At this thickness even the metalized mylar is partially transparent , so be aware of this if you plan to use it to block windows or something -LRB- you might have to double up -RRB- .
 the product arrived quickly and was well packaged . I opened one up and tested it . I am 6 ' tall and 290 lbs . It covered me completely . I got hot very quickly . It works . Because of its material , it might be difficult for someone my size to keep it on in a windy situation , but Im sure I could figure out a way . A small framed person could probably roll themselves up in it .
 I purchased this product for an off-label purpose
 Exactly as advertized 62 `` X82 '' That other reviewer must have got the wrong ones . I ordered 12 from big fly and other then slow delivery by the post office . I 'm very happy with what I got . They are made in China , Foil mylar rescue blankets , item # CB-6831 , each one is wrap in plastic . For $ 11.50 a doz . I keep some in the truck , some in the fishing box , some in my hunting coats . Never had to really use one yet , so I ca n't attest to how well they really work , but if they only just kept the rain off you if you were lost , that alone would be worth the money .
 We have a canvas travel cageMidwest Canine Camper Double Door Soft Sided Crate , 48 Inches by 31 Inches by 35 Inchesand when the temperatures allow , we keep two dogs together in the same crate overnight in the back of our SUV when camping or at a hotel.I have found that if I wrap 5 and a half sides -LRB- keeping enough mesh open for fresh air so they can breath -RRB- , with two layers of Mylar and a fleece blanket over top , that the overnight temperature can easily dip to 30 degrees without the interior of the cage getting below 60 . I have also found that if I throw about 14 of those 8 hour hand warmers in between the crate and the mylar that it can dip to 15 degrees and still not get below 60 degrees inside . This significantly reduced the number of times we have to pay someone to watch the dogs when we go out of town for the weekend -LRB- enough to pay for an addition hotel night -RRB- . No the handwarmers did not melt the mylar or the crate.I have also used them to help keep our coolers cooler when camping in hot temps .
 Freud fabrique des bons produits et je suis tr&egrave;s satisfait de ce produit.Rapport Qualit&eacute; prix excellent.Tr&egrave;s dommage que la compagnie ne livrais pas au Qu&eacute;bec , Canada .
 Although this blade is expensive , it is completely worth it . I 'm doing my first home project , which is putting down laminate . This blade cuts very cleanly through with absolutely no splintering or anything . I 've used it on the table and miter saws , and I ca n't believe how cleanly it cuts .
 Nobody makes better blades than Freud . I have been using them for the last 25 years and they consistently produce clean spinter free glue line cuts.end of story .
 Freud makes great products ! & Amazon has good prices & free delivery . Great combination !!!!!! This is the second saw blade I purchased thru Amazon.JM
 If anyone out there is looking for a blade to cut melamine laminate , this one is the way to go . I used this blade to make severalbase cabinets for two bathroom projects using double sided melamine laminated chip board . The performance was excellent as advertised.Absolutely zero chipping on either the top or bottom surface . I did make and use a new zero clearance insert for my table saw , whichI think is the only way to get maximum performance from this blade . The blade did show some signs of slowing down after cutting up -LRB- 10 -RRB- 2 ' x 8 ' sheets , but still performed flawlessly . As for dados , I cut right & left sides of the slot to depth with this blade and thenused my stacked dado set to finish them up . Again , no chipping whatsoever . Incredible blade for a specific purpose . I will save thisblade to cut laminates only and nothing else . It can also be used to cut plywood with great results -LRB- I tried several test cuts justto check performance -RRB- . A little pricey , but worth it if you need chipp free cutting of laminated chip board or plywood .
 This blade cut through both melamine and MDF that I attached laminate to with ease , and left a very clean edge on both sides of the material . Tear-out was virtually non-existent . I generally buy only Freud blades because of their superior quality , and this blade is no exception .
 This blade cut through with little or no tear-out on the back side of the wood . It was the perfect choice for use on crown molding , as it left such a clean cut when done .
 This is an excellent stand . I can fold -LRB- gravity works -RRB- , load , and transport easily . I have mine overloaded with a Makita 2703 with a Rousseau Porta Max Jr system bolted to the saw and it is no problem at all . The Bosch gets it there , the Rousseau gives the saw accuracy , and the Makita will rip anything .
 As a professional builder I have tried many tools in the field , which of course is the greatest test of any tool . In my expirience I have been most impressed with the quality and function of Bosch power tools . I currently have the bosch 4000 table saw with the gravity rise stand which I purchased through the great service of Amazon.com . This stand is hailed by many , including me as the greatest on the market . Bosch really has a technological edge in tool manufacturing !
 I am using the stand with a Dewalt table saw . The Bosch stand is 10 times better than the standard one that comes with the Dewalt saw . The unique design perfectly balances the table saw makeing the rotation to use or storage positions effortless .
 This is a great product and goes well with my Bosch table saw , super sturdy and easy to move from job to job . It is vey pricey if you buy from Amazon . Woodworker 's Supply will suppy and deliver it to you $ 140.00
 I 've had my Bosch table saw for many years and have loved everthing but the stand it came with . So when this stand came available I bought it right away and it 's been great ! It is now so easy to move it anywhere and more importantly load it on my pickup truck and take it anywhere . Very solid and innovative design ! Another GREAT Bosch product !
 Easy to assemble and does a great job . I mounted a drum sander on it which was a bit to low being the stand is set up for table saws . It was nothing that adding a couple of 4x4s between the stand and sander did n't fix . Great and safe stand .
 our stand arrived today , it is heavy duty , great buy.my husband had a heartattack last year and he had to stop using his saw.now i can move it for him , it is easy to handle.i would like to tell the women you can assemble this product , i did in 30 minutes.thank you amazon.com your price was great.we have a craftsman tablesaw .
 this item was very easy to put together.i have a craftman 10 '' table saw it fit perfectly on the base.the stand opens and closes very easly.a 5 star product
 The table stand was very easy to assemble and it provides an excellent base for the saw . Plus it folds up for easy storage and transportability from site to site that provids a sturdy base for the saw . Met all my expectations !
 just received this stand around december 22 . it does have to be put together , which takes about 30 minutes unless you do it backwards like i did , then it takes a little longer . have transported the saw to a job site and it folds up nice and sets up quickly . it has a great work height and is stable . it does make the saw heavier but is easy to load and unload . if you have a bosch table saw this would be an added benefit . especially if you need to wheel saw around to job site to job site . the wheels are very good . I had the rousseau stand but was not satisfied -LRB- the rolling one -RRB- this works much better .
 I did n't think any saw stand would be as good as my Rigid M-SUV mitre saw stand . Oh how wrong I was!This is a very solid , very well built and very well engineered jobsaw stand . It is durable enough to take the beatings of being dragged out of my truck , bounced across a job site , up and down a set of stairs , or anything else you would want to do to it.I have the DeWalt DW-744 mounted to mine , and all the holes are pre-drilled and markings are STAMPED into the top plate ! This really is a universal stand.To me , the single item that really stands out is there is not a single hydraulic strut on this stand , and yet it requires very little effort to get the saw into the working position . No strut means nothing to leak or wear out ! No seals to replace . Everything is accomplished with old-fashioned leverage , and it works wonderfully.The pneumatic tires are also a big plus in my book . Solid tires just wo n't take the weight and punishment that pneumatic tires will . My only gripe is I 'd like the tires to be about 2 inches larger in diameter . But with the design of the stand , it 's not a big deal , as I think I can retrofit something larger on my own .
 The Bosch 4000 is the best of the `` benchtop '' -LRB- i.e. , portable -RRB- table saws . With my table saw `` living '' in my storage shed and carried to my patio work area each time I need it , portability is a must . I got the Bosch 4000-07 , the model with the red folding base , a couple of years ago . It worked fine , but each time I needed the saw I had to pick it up off the base and carry it across the lawn to the patio , set it down and make another trip for the base , and finally pick up the saw and put it back on the base . I never bolted the saw down to the base because the combination is both heavy and bulky , a package too unwieldy for me to haul across the lawn in one piece . And with uneven ground , a standard movable -LRB- castered -RRB- base would n't help.Then last year Bosch came out with this item , the `` TS2000 Gravity-Rise Wheeled Table Saw Stand with Universal Mounting Slots '' . A big name , and even bigger performance . Even though this base cost more than my first `` starter '' table saw , I 'm really happy with the purchase.The package as delivered was both big -LRB- 42 '' high -RRB- and heavy -LRB- 66 lbs . -RRB- , so I was glad I had another wheeled cart -LRB- a hand truck -RRB- to move this to my back patio for assembly . When I opened it up I found the manual to be better than usual . The diagrams of the major pieces are pretty good -LRB- except the `` lower cross bar '' picture looks distorted -RRB- , and the diagrams of the fasteners are EXCELLENT . They 're done to scale so you can lay the parts on the page for a `` no doubt about it '' match . The fasteners come in two bags ; the larger bag is used to assemble the base , and the smaller bag to mount the table saw on the base.Each assembly step includes a closeup showing where the fasteners go . With just a closeup each time , I found myself scratching my head a couple of times to locate which sections of the larger pieces were depicted . But I had no other problems with the instructions for assembling the base , and only one problem in mounting the table saw to it . -LRB- The mounting instructions say to insert and securely tighten the first bolt , then repeat for the other three holes . I tried it that way , but the other holes were out of alignment by a hair . Instead you should * loosely * tighten the bolts until all four are in , and only then secure them . -RRB- I only tried to mount my Bosch table saw , of course , but there are instructions included for Dewalt DW744 , Craftsman 21830 , Makita 2703 , Hitachi C10RA2 , and Ridgid TS2400LS table saws as well.The tools I used were : - utility knife , to open the packaging - rubber mallet , to persuade the upper & lower cross bars to snug together - large Phillips screwdriver - 17 mm , 13 mm , and 10 mm ratcheting wrenches - 8 '' crescent wrenchTotal assembly time was just over 1-1/2 hours , including time spent looking for tools.In operation , the Gravity-Rise stand is just wonderful . The big pneumatic tires take the trip across my uneven lawn without any problems , even though the combination of saw and base is most of my weight . The superb balance -- upright for moving , lowered for operation , and in between -- is responsible for this ease of operation . I tighten down the Bench Dog featherboard and it 's good to go . The standard Bosch miter gauge * almost * stays locked in its storage slots on the left side of the saw , and works OK if I watch it . The Bosch dust collector bag will stay attached while moving , but the end drags on the ground so I remove it while wheeling the saw about.Using my table saw with the new stand is both faster and easier on my back . As an added bonus , in the upright position the saw now has a smaller footprint in my storage shed than with the original red folding base.You * really * , * really * want this if you 've got a benchtop saw that you move around .
 The stand that came with my Bosch 4000 was sturdy , but cumbersome to move . I do most of my work out of a small one car garage , and to try to keep it clean , I 'd move the saw outside . This meant lifting the entire saw and stand , or dragging it.I just got the new folding stand -LRB- ts-2000 -RRB- and I absolutely love it . Folds and sets up easily , moves effortlessly and saves a decent amount of floorspace when it 's folded and not being used.My only gripe is that it was n't part of the package deal when I bought my saw 2 years ago !
 I purchased this Bosch stand on Nov. 14 and Amazon gave an arrival estimate of Nov. 28 , but it arrived only four days later with the free Super Save UPS shipping - great!This $ 139 table saw stand is Very Well Made and fits my DeWalt 744 perfectly . It takes about a half hour to assemble and everything fits together as it should . The pieces are heavy guage steel and appear that they 'd last a lifetime . And although the stand adds about 54 pounds or so to the total weight of the table saw , it 's well worth it as it makes the saw so much easier to transport around the garage or basement or to the job site . Beats the heck out of lifting a 40-50 pound table saw off the flimsy OEM stand and then moving them both in two trips . And this Bosch stand is a snap to go from folded storage/transport mode to a stationary stand - it 's effortless magic ! One note
 I can not say enough good things about this stand !! Easy to assemble . Solid as a rock . silky smooth operation . stable . a dream to operate and move around . Totally flexible to virtually any portable 10 '' saw . While the saw has holes pre-punched actually for most saws , I had to drill new holes for my Ryobi BT-3000 . Having holes spaced 17inx19in which are not pre-punched but easy to add . The good news is if you have a BT-3000 this stand works GREAT!Easy to roll around and setup in seconds with the flip of the lever . Terrific finish , and easy to use . BUY this stand and save your back . The best stand ever designed and built , hands down .
 This stand fit my DeWalt DW744 10 '' Table Saw `` like a glove '' ! It offered me the mobility and space saving I was looking for . My `` wood shop / work shop '' is a little 8 ' by 12 ' shed with a 30 '' deep work bench wrapping around two of the sides , so you can tell that space is a big concern of mine . I wheel my table saw outside every day and do the majority of my cutting outside . The setup of this table was quick and easy , just be sure to read the directions . Same goes for using the table , read the directions or else you 'll be like me and keep trying to bend it where it 's not supposed to bend and then spend the rest of your time wondering how you got it to do what you just did . It rolls really smooth with those huge tires over bumpy lawns and gravel . The tube construction is very beefy feeling but surprisingly light to move around . A top choice if you ask me .
 Overall this is a nice stand , but I think it still is a bit bulky as a whole unit together with the saw . There should be a wear bar on the front bar that contacts the ground when you stand the saw on its end . It just scrapes the paint on the concrete in my garage .
 If you have this saw , this is the best and only way to set it up and move it.The original red folding stand was OK , but this is the next level in usability , one man set up and transport.Highly reccommended for all users , DIY and Pros
 I do not know how I managed without it . It is far better than the stationary stand . I have reduced my strain , as well as ; my set up and clean time dramaticly .
 This stand came with my saw and it is quite nice . Heavy , sturdy , and very easy to fold up and fold out . Not as sturdy as a good work bench but then I ca n't fold the workbench up with the saw on it and store it against the wall . It 's supposed to work with other saws but you might want to read the manual on the Bosch website to see how that would work . Overall , worth the price .
 easy to use and was not to bad to put together . roles good on all surfaces . well worth the money for someone who needs to take a table saw with them to job sites
 This stand is solid , It sets up quick.I think its the heaviest duty construction site stand out there.I would recommend this stand to anyone .
 Beautiful design and engineering ... unlike most stuff made in Taiwan , there are no sharp or rough edges ... everytning is the highest quality , even the bolts and nuts . Good directions , actually written in good English . Expensive but the quality makes it worthwhile ... an heirloom that can be passed down through the generations .
 I bought this stand a couple of months ago for my Dewalt 744 saw and have been very satisfied with it , it is easy to use and so much better than the cheap stand that Dewalt shipped with the 744 . If you have a need for a mobile stand I can heartily recommend it .
 This is an outstanding product , but it 's rather expensive here . You 'll probably want to buy it from Amazon.com ; that 's where all the good , detailed reviews are , too.The product in a nutshell
 I bought the Bosch 4000 table saw over a year ago.I waited to purchase the stand because there just were n't any good stands available . This stand is perfect !! Easy to set-up , with one turn of the lever and little pull it opens right up ! It 's even easier to take down.The stand is also very sturdy . It 's very easy to move from one place to another from one job sight to another or from one side of the shop to the other !! Over all I 'm very pleased with the stand .
 Excellent , Easy to use and quaility made . It made it easy to the saw around the job site . the saw can be moved out of the way in our shop .
 We first saw this stand on HGTV several months ago and liked the features it had but we were not sure if it would work with the table saw we already had . Our saw was not one of the ones listed that would work with this stand but after a few modifications we were able to make this stand work with our saw . We are very happy with the product and it makes it much easier to store our table saw in less space . It was very easy to assemble right out of the box but the box it comes in was very heavy . We would highly recomend this product !
 This table is one of the best `` utility '' items that I have in my shop . It was a purchase that I made as soon as I found out that it was available . Unfortunately I had to adapt it to fit my Dewalt 10 '' Table Saw but with a few adjustments the table now does a fine job . If it has a down side the only one that I can find is the overall width and the inability to fit through a doorway . To accommplish this the saw must be removed from the table and then the table folded up . I have not done this more than 2 or 3 times since I purchased it but I may have tried to move it more often if the width was more accommodating .
 I was very pleased with this product . It is very well built ; very sturdy .
 I had recently ordered a Makita 2704 and quickly discovered that it was too heavy and too big for me to man-handle . I purchased the Bosch TS2000 Saw Stand and it was the perfect solution to my problem . It is very sturdy and the pneumatic tires make it very portable . I did have to attach a mount for my saw using 3/4 inch plywood as the saw was too big for the predrilled holes and frame of the saw stand . It did add some weight but the stand handles it without any strain .
 This is the best stands made easy to use . I have or had a lot of stands for miter and table saws and this is the easies to raise a lower and at the price I got it for it was the best value .
 This gravity rise table saw stand is an excellent purchase . The table saw is very secure on the stand and the ease of setting up and down for the day is really nice . You just fold it down and wheel it out to the truck . You can either remove the actual table saw , or put it away with the saw still on the table . The bigger wheels make it easy to move around and give you a ` relaxed ' feeling when you 're moving it . No worry about it trying to tip over - it 's very solid . I was so impressed ; I actually bought the same stand for a compound miter-saw , within the same week as I received the table saw stand . Well worth the price .
 I own this stand -LRB- with a Bosch table saw -RRB- as well as the Rigid stand -LRB- with a Rigid miter saw -RRB- from Home Depot and while the Rigid stand is great and easy to use , the Bosch stand is better in the sense that it sets up and collapses even more easily . If you need a stand for your table saw definitely go with this Bosch , just be sure not to overtighten the bolts during assembly as I did -LRB- otherwise you will need to loosen them a little for smooth operation of the stand -RRB- .
 I received this gravity rise table for Christmas from my wife , it took about 45 minutes to assemble the instructions were straight forward and very easy to follow it includes mounting instructions for various brand tablesaws such as Dewalt , Ridgid and Craftsmen . I installed a Bosch 4000 tablesaw on top . I was impressed at how stable the platform was when crosscutting and ripping material however when ripping large pieces such as a 2x10x8 ' the table will become unstable unless you use some type of out feed support . Overall this is an excllent addition to make any tablesaw portable and more mobile . I would definitely reccommend this product to others .
 Very well built . I would recommend this product to anyone . Assembly was easy . I installed my Chop/slide saw on top of this .
 My husband is very happy with his new table saw stand . I found it online for him and he has been very satisfied with the quality , design and ease of use . It was quite easy to mount the saw and very easy to move saw and stand around in our garage or outside wherever he plans to use the equipment . We would recommend it without reservation .
 Everything came in in great time and was packaged very well . The price on it was great also . Just as listed .
 I owned the Rigid miter saw stand , and the upright storage was a necessity for me , so I have been looking for an equally versatile stand for my table saw . After much research , I decided to go with this Bosch , and I 'm glad I did . There is really nothing bad I can say about this stand , as it does exactly what I need it to do . There were only two issues that I can bring up . One is that I am tall 6 ' 6 '' , so the height is a little short for cutting wood , so I ended up stacking three 3/4 '' inch pieces of plywood between the saw and stand . This actually worked out well , as it gave the stand even more stability -LRB- and weight , but that doesnt bother me -RRB- and it allowed me to correct the second issue by placing the mounting holes for my skill table saw right where I needed them -LRB- as the preset holes would n't fit my saw -RRB- . Overall , I recommend this stand for all , as it stores upright and is built to last . Bosch quality has never dissapointed me , and this stand is no exception .
 I bought this for my DeWalt DW 744 portable saw . The stand is pre-drilled for this and 3 others . Bolted right on , no problems , was using it in less than 20 minutes . Highly recommend if you want a good , sturdy , portable saw stand .
 This is a contractor or even woodworkers dream , I almost did not purchase because of the wrong description which comes apparently from Bosch Manufacture . The description states the tubing is 1/2 '' but should state 11/2 '' tubing , after viewing some pictures of a mans hand wrapped around the handle bar I realized it was much bigger . This stand is perfect very solid and great on my old geezer back .
 Bosch has designed the ultimate wheeled table saw stand . The installation instructions were very clear and the packaging protected the stand from typical UPS-style damage . This is my second Bosch stand and it will be modified for different benchtop power tools that will be wheeled to the jobsite . The stand is very sturdy and portable . To protect the finish I added a 3M strip of tape on the lower part of the stand to minimize paint damage + rust . The Amazon.com purchase was speedy and I hope the shipping conditions improve for my next purchase -LRB- miter saw -RRB- .
 I am very pleased with my Bosch saw stand ! It is quick and easy to set up , and saves my back from lifting my Bosch 4000 saw -LRB- about 60 pounds with left , right , and rear table extenders -RRB- in and out of my van . The stand does lift itself into the upright position as advertised , and is easy to fold up and wheel to a storage area.It 's the best back saver I have , in addition to my Ridgid MSUV -LRB- mitre saw utility vehicle -RRB- .
 After seeing the quaility of this table I almost wish I had bought the Bosch saw rather than the H1tachi saw . This stand is really well designed.The only thing I might add is although the instructions say use holes `` H '' for the Hitachi my Hitachi would not fit those holes . It was only a matter of minutes to drill the four holes but I thought I would mention it .
 Only issue that we found is that until you receive the product and read the material , you do n't see that they specify which MODELs of the various manufacturers it will work with . Otherwise very solid , nice tool .
 This is probably the best made table saw stand ever!A great addition to almost any table saw , this made transporting , storing and using -LRB- it 's incredible solid and stable -RRB- my Hitaci saw so much better .
 Very nice stand . I actually had a table saw that wouldnt fit into the predrilled hole but the table top was large enough to accomidate with some new holes . The rubber tires are perfect for pulling over wood and rocks on the job site . Very nice and easy to use .
 Having been a Carpenter for over 15 years and being the son and grandson of carpenters I have seen a lot of gadgets and gizmos ; most of which are poorly designed and engineered . However , like most things Bosch this is the `` best in field '' . So simple to lift and collapse . Easy to move around and easy to load into the bed of a truck . There is nothing better out there . It is not small , it is not light . It is solid and since you do not have to lift the entire saw and the stand the weight is not a huge concern . The only drawback is the fact the the curved part of the wheel struts can rub on the ends of stair treads when moving the saw up or down stairs . I fixed this by putting some felt on the struts where they might rub the stair treads and problem solved . I have a Bosch 4000 table saw on the stand and this combination is unbeatable .
 Origanally I purchased the saw without the stand and thought it was portable . After purchasing the table saw stand I realized the saw was more portable and I could move it around without effort . Currently the saw is in a basement with a set of access stairs that rise greater than 50 degrees and I can wheel the saw up and down without effort . The saw was easily mounted to the table with good instructions and hardware . I currently own a Dewalt Mitre Saw that I would like to mount on a Bosch wheeled unit . Alot easier on the body and especially your back .
 This table saw stand has many different bolt hole configurations that allow it to be used with practically any table saw installation . This stand is great for contractor use making my table saw much easier to take from job site to job site .
 I bought the TS2000 TS Stand after buying the Bosch Gravity Rised MITER saw stand . They are top notch , heavy duty , easy to open and close for even a middle sized man of retirement age.There is one thing that Bosch has done that does not appear in Amazon 's specs on both the MS and TS
 I bought the table saw and table combo at a local retailer for almost $ 100 cheaper than anywhere online . I am amazed at the bad reviews on the table . This is one of the best tables I have tried . I looked around quite some time before purchasing this due to the fairly high price . Fact is , you get what you pay for in this instance . It works flawlessly and even had my petite wife putting it up an down showing her my newest toy . I came on here to price the table once again for my Hitachi Miter Saw I purchased a cheaper table for when I bought the saw . When I read some the poor reviews I felt compelled to write one of my own . If you are considering it , buy it ! Ignore the bogus poor reviews , this is a purchase you will not regret.CWB
 I have an older Craftsman 8-inch table saw -LRB- cast iron/steel -RRB- that weighs a bunch . I made up a plywood transition plate to mount it on this stand . I had noticed a Bosch table saw at Lowe 's had this roll-around , folding stand , and I appreciated the design -LRB- I 'm a mechanical engineer for over 30 years -RRB- . This stand is rated for , like 350 pounds ... and is VERY well made . It has given new life to the saw , since I can move it where I need it , and it 's fairly easy at that . The only thing I might recommend is larger tires , since I have a need to go through gravel occasionally . Otherwise , it has worked wonderfully . I am an avid fan of Bosch tools , and I am grateful they made the table available without having to purchase the entire saw as well ... I like my old Craftsman saw , and have gotten used to it over the years . An excellent , practical addition to your saw .
 The product arrived on time and the packaging was good . Easy to assemble . It rolls nicely and I can store it away . I saves my back .
 This stand is great . Easy to use and works great with my Bosch table saw . Also , folds down for easy storage .
 The Bosch people never cease to amaze me . Recently at my friend 's house , I saw his Gravity Rise Wheeled Table Saw Stand . His table saw stand was folded and something that usually ends up sitting in the middle of your workshop , was neatly folded against the wall . IT only took him about ten seconds to pull his saw out and have it ready to use . It takes longer to open up a card table . What a brilliant piece of engineering . Bosch takes their tools and develops them as if they were going to use them themselves everyday . Definately a product to buy.Bosch TS2000 Gravity-Rise Wheeled Table Saw Stand
 All I can say is that I wish I had bought the saw stand years ago . This saw stand works very smoothly and with out fuss .
 This product is a necessary item , if you are going to remote areas to use your table saw , even on your own property , as it makes your table saw very portable . The `` gravity rise '' feature removes all the hassle you have with other fold down/raise up systems . It also allows you to fold down and place in storage in places you could never get a normal table saw into . Bosch is a name that represents `` quality '' . This product is an example of that quality . I also appreciate being able to purchase this on Amazon at a lesser price than other sites . Appreciate the opportunity to review this outstanding product .
 This is a great stand and second Bosch stand I have purchased . I have used the first one on my table saw . This one is for my miter saw.When in the set up position it is rock solid and there is absolutley no creeping when the equipment is on.Setup and Breakdown : Using the stand takes a little getting used to at first . Whats the old saying ? You have to be smarter than the stand . Anyway , my saw is heavy , but this stand allows a 56 old man to open up move it -LRB- just push outward on the lower bar , get the tires rolling to you and like magic it opens up into a useable table saw , wherever you desire . In addition , you can micro adjust it if you want and it can be easily moved around in my shop.Fold it up and it stores against the wall until needed is just as easy . Push the red handle , fold down , pivot on the tires and wheel it wherever you want . Never are you subjected to any heavy weight . If you find yourself in this position somehow ... your doing it wrong.This stand is built tough and if treated like a tool will provide great service to you and last a long time.Highly recommended .
 Before purchasing the Bosch TS2000 , I had reviewed several other makes of stands . I am always sceptical of purchasing items that I can not see , so I hold some value to reviews . I can say that I was not disappointed in this product whatsoever . Allthough I had to build an adapter plate to mount my saw due to it 's larger size , I can still say this product is a must have easy to use and not hard to assemble . Make sure you do n't over tighten any bolts which are located on all the pivot points as this will make it more difficult to raise and lower and do n't worry about them coming loose , they are lock-nuts .
 I do residential remodeling , have for over 20 years , and have used this saw stand for about 4 mo. now and I can tell you that this is the best addition to the saw you could make . It makes a difference if you work out of a cargo trailer though . It would n't work too good from the back of a pick up as it is very heavy with the saw attached.Although I gave it 5 stars there is one thing that Bosch could improve on and that is some sort of rear support to keep the saw from tilting back when you push 4x8 sheets of plywood through.You definitely need help doing that .
 I am a proffesional carpenter and have to say that this stand is a well designed , and built back saver . I own a Bosch 4000 table saw which is an amazing , but heavy tool . After first lugging it around and then building my own stand/cart for it , decided to give it a try . It 's perfect ! Easy to tote , easy to set up -LRB- literally less than 10 seconds -RRB- and easy to work with . I 'm 6 ' 3 '' and have no problem with the afore mentioned aspects . Well worth the price.The only thing I need to mention , is the fact that I store mine in a trailer that has a ramp door . Depending on your particular saw , it may be a little heavy to carry out of a van or pickup .
 The setup was pretty straight forward until I tried to attach my Craftsman table saw to the stand . The instructions indicate that the stand will work with various saws made by other manufacturers , however it is specific to particular models . My Craftsman is about 3 years old and does not fit the stand . To accomodate my saw I made a plywood `` picture '' frame and attached it to my saw base , then attached the saw to the stand by drilling holes in the plywood frame and securing it to the prexisting holes in the stand base . Works great now ! I would have just drilled holes into the sheet metal but no matter how I positioned my saw two holes were in the open area of the base attachment . It took me several hours and a trip to the hardware store , but I 'm very pleased with how the stand functions . Even with having to make a base for my saw I still give this stand 5 stars because of the high quality of its construction .
 Wanted a wheeled table saw stand that was easier to get into and out of my workshop . -LRB- I use it in my garage , which is on the same level as my basement workshop . -RRB- The Bosch is very sturdy , and raises and lowers very easily . Be aware , however , that you may not be able to directly mount your saw to this stand . I screwed a piece of three-quarter plywood to the stand , and then mounted my Craftsman saw to the plywood . Works fine . My only complaint is that the stand is too wide to fit through a 36 inch door when in the raised position ; it must be collapsed . When collapsed it is easy to wheel it around , but it has to be wrestled through the door . If I had known this before buying , I still probably would have bought this model , because all wheeled stands are either a similar width , or seemed poorly built -LRB- Craftsman -RRB- .
 I have wanted the Bosch portable saw since the first one I saw . But I had a good Delta table saw already . Got to thinking , took a chance and ordered the stand only . Was n't a perfect fit , but moved one platform a little , drilled four new holes . Fit nice , took a little practice raising and lowering . I think the Delta is a little heavier weight-wise than the Bosch , but works well . Stand is very well made with heavy tubing , wheels , ect . Very satisfied ... Bill
 This is an excellent stand that , although a little `` pricey '' , is worth the cost . It comes with all the hardware and necessary instructions for assembly , which is relatively simple . Although the alternate holes do not line up for the installation of my current saw , it will not be difficult to drill new holes for a proper and safe mounting . Its large wheels and sturdy construction allow good mobility , even on somewhat rough terrain , which is exactly what I personally need . Thanks , Bosch !
 This stand is worth the purchase ! The fact it is designed to collapse while still having the saw bolted on is a big space saving . I only use my power tools occasionally , and this is allowed me to clear up some clutter in my garage.Just to show how easy it is to transform from the vertical storage to stand , turn the lock handle to unlock , pull back the wheeled legs until they touch the ground , press down on the black handlebar so the wheel extends backward and it will automatically lock in place . To store , , lift slightly and turn the handle to unlock , and just slowly stand up the saw on the stationary legs and kick the wheeled legs forward to lock . Minimal effort!I am going to get one for my miter saw too . I was going to get a full miter stand setup , but the convenience of this unit overrode the functionality of a full miter stand .
 Pro
 This is my second purchase of this item and I am well pleased . It is easy to assemble and easy to operate . I now own 4 of these stands and would rate them high above any other similar item on the current market regardless of price . It is very sturdy , balanced , and well designed .
 This is one great item , very impressed . Bought so much stuff from Amazon and this is my first review . I liked it so much I just had to take time to write one about it .
 Easy to follow instructions and was no big deal to assemble . Easy to maneuver the saw around and saves space when its needed . No more picking that awkward saw and table stand up . Works just as intended and would definitely buy it again . Best of the Best .
 I was very impressed with this stand . It is constructed very well and was even sturdier than I imagined . It folds down easily and deploys just as easily .
 my dewalt 744 is a great table saw but this stand makes it much more usable . I would leave it at home and do with a lesser saw because of the weight 70lbs . Well this is no lightweight stand . Those round tubes are bigger than they look . Folding up the stand and letting it out is very easy as well . Easy to assemble.I freated over which one to buy for far too long . I have been satisfied with the cheeper stand on some occasions but usually will upgrade when I do . Glad I didnt go through that this time .
 I LOVE THE WAY IT OPERATES . THE ONLY THING WRONG WAS IN DISCRIPTION IT SAYS IT IS MADE FOR CRAFTSMAN SAW IT WAS N'T HAD TO DRILL HOLES .
 I bought it to go w/my Bosch table saw ; design and material could n't be better . Hope it could be a bit cheaper ...
 The directions could have been a little better written as far as putting this product together . If nothing else , better pictures would have helped . With that aside , what a great idea . I purchased this table saw about 8-10 years ago . The stand that came with the saw was stable and usable but having the saw being more portable , work is alot easier . Because of the clean up , I have always cut outside - 40 years of cutting outside . While you 're cutting , the saw is very stable . 5 Stars for sure .
 The saw sits pretty high so you better be taller.I found that it was really easy to operate . Love the tires although they could be bigger for some rough terrain . . It rolls well.Going up stairs or down is the only flaw with this stand.I love having this stand since it is so easy to setup and it is really easy to store the saw in a couple of ways .
 Assembled very easily . Works well . No more heavy lifting required . Stores upright , so it takes up very little floor space .
 I purchased this recently and it works as promised . It lifts the saw quickly and effortlessly . The wheels could be a bit larger when going to a job site . But that 's only a problem once in a while . Assembly was flawless and there are generally very clear directions . I have only one thing that I could n't figure out . The assembly manual shows what bolts , nuts , etc. are included and the quantities . That was all correct . When I was completely done assembling , there were two parts left over . These screws are the 8mm x 50mm Phillips Head Screws . 4 of them are required in assembling the main frame in step 1 . I 've combed through the manual and can find no reference to using the last two of these screws and their matching lock nuts . Strange ... everything else came out exactly . Not a huge deal , just wanted others to know . Maybe I 'll figure out some day what they were for . I highly recommend this stand and it works great !
 I 'm pleased with the quality and performance of this stand . I would recommend it to others .
 Very high quality product , well designed and engineered . Easily adapted to conform to other saws bases . Provides a very sturdy work platform , stable correct height and easily open and collapsed . Highly recommended .
 Bosch really hit a home run with this stand , it is mostly heavy gauge aluminum , what parts are not aluminum are heavy-duty parts which can withstand any kind of abuse . The whole unit feels solid as a tank . The wheels are large and rugged enough I can pull it through the yard without any difficulty . Raising and lowering a very heavy table saw is almost effortless - if someone stole it I would buy another one and accept no substitute.Even if you do n't have a Bosh table saw , the manual for the TS2000 indicates it will work with
 This stand is great . The picture does no justice to how well built and stable this stand is . The strong build makes the stand a bit heavy to be throwing it into the back of a truck with a saw on it , but I guess that 's the price you pay . The tires are large enough to do a little off-roading with your saw . When adding my Bosch 4100 to the top , the height is just right for getting to work . There are predrilled holes for a few other brands as well . You 'll need some 4.5 inch bolts , washers and lock nuts to mount the Bosch 4100 to it . Smooth folding . Love every bit of it .
 I purchased the Bosch 4000 portable table saw shortly before the TS2000 Gravity-Rise option became available . I continued to bust my back lugging the saw around for two more years before I gave in and purchased the TS2000 . Ca n't believe I ever lived without it . Amazon 's price is 40 bucks less than the local big box . GO 4 IT !
 This will be my second stand , as I purchased the Bosch saw/stand combo a few years ago . The new stand will replace a mickeymouse thing now under my 10 '' Bosch comp.miter saw . I was looking at the Rigid MSUV table for the miter , and I 'm sure it 's a fine unit . But since I 'm not encumbered by time , and I have lightweight portable supports , I did n't really need the on-board roller supports . And I 'm very pleased with the stability and ease of set-up of the Bosch table . Besides , it 's less money now than the Rigid and Amazon does n't sell the Ridgid -LRB- not now , anyway -RRB- . I 'll probably have to adapt the miter hole patterns to the new saw frame , but that 's minor stuff . I know how well the table saw gets around on this base , so it did n't make sense to go to something different and wind up disappointed . It really is a very well designed base !
 This stand is top notch . Very well made , solid as a rock . Great instructions and every piece of the hardware were included . Nothing cheap from the table to the wheels . I had to drill some additional mounting holes to mount a Delta TS200 but no big deal . I wish other things were built to these standards .
 had to drill a couple of additional holes to accomodate my Craftsman saw , but aside from that , takes the dread out of setting up and moving ` the tablesaw and necessary stand , whatever it may be . this stand rolls nicely and appears to be really durable , mine rides in the back of the pickup along with everything else piled on top ... . at least for me , this thing is worth every cent ...
 I purchased this stand for my Dewalt saw because of the universal mounting holes and what an improvement . The stand is pretty heavy and works like a champ . Folds open and closed super easy with no effort at all . The stand is solidally built and should last forever . I had to supply big washers to bolt my saw on to go with the supplied bolts had those here . I highly recomend this to everyone . Chris
 I am happy with the quality of this product . Very sturdy and folds easily . However , the instructions are poor and hard to read . The table supposedly is compatible with Ridgid saws , however , I did have to drill my own holes to make it attach securely .
 EXCELLENT STAND , EASY TO USE , GOOD ON ROUGH GROUND . KEEP ACHECK ON AMAZON , FOR FREE SHIPPING AND GREAT PRICE . BUT IT DOES NOT COME ON SALE MUCH . WATCHING TO BUY ANOTHER .
 I 'm an avid restoration amateur with no room for a workshop . The garage is for power tool storage not their use . I have to plan my projects for good days and be able to set up and take down quickly . This stand is amazing . It 's a cinch to move over the lawn or wherever the tool is most convient . I do n't need to bring it into the house since my projects involve working on one room at a time in a space I 'm living in . I know most of the reviews are from serious tool users or professionals , but the usefullness of this device for us part-time fixer-uppers just ca n't be overstated . I 'm often setting up and taking down on my own , and now it just takes a moment . I 'm very pleased , pleased enough to invest in the miter stand -LRB- arriving tomorrow -RRB- . I 'll let you all know how well that one works , because it is expensiveBosch T4B Gravity-Rise Miter Saw Stand . But , you pay for convience and performance , and my time and back are very valuable to me . It 's easy to load into the truck or the SUV . Putting some electrician 's tape on the parts that touch the ground when folded is the only change I 'd make . If the existing holes do n't match your tool 's , drill new holes or bolt on a 3/4 ply sheet to accomodate them .
 I have been using this stand with my Dewalt saw for a couple of weeks and all I can say is WOW . I had another wheeled stand but I could n't roll the saw around when it was set up and I bought this . I also have the miter saw stand and it is just as good or better.Both stands are well built with very heavy wall material . Do n't hesitate buy this now you wo n't be sorry .
 I have looked long and hard for a really good job site and general mobile saw stand and this one has filled the bill . I got excited when I looked at one on Bosches saw in a store one day and wondered why they did n't just make the stand for people to use their own saw on and then they did . I waited around for one to show up in my area for a short time , but got impatient to have one and found it on line and I am so glad I did . It is one of the best purchases I have ever made . If you want an easy stand to use and to move , this one is for you . I mounted my Dewalt saw on this one and have ordered another for my 13.5 inch planner .
 This box and bracket worked very well for my room remodel installation of two ceiling fans . Be careful not to overly tighten the nuts that attach the box to the bracket as they will break . Be sure to mount he bracket high enough so that the box does not hang below the ceiling .
 I got this recently when my old 80 tooth Dewalt one got dull . At same time , got the Hitachi 90 tooth just to see how each works.Now , do n't get me wrong , the Hitachi is REALLY nice for the price , about half of this blade , but the Freud is ... well , this is a real blade.Due to the write-up on the page , I was worried that it would not work for my purposes , which do not include laminates , melamine or formica . Even printed on the blade , it is only rated `` good '' for crosscuts . Do n't believe it.I use it in a big mitre saw , and I was having a dickens of a time cutting some cheap Mexican molding -LRB- thanks , Lowe 's -RRB- that is terrible wood . It was always splitting , chipping , tearing out with my other blades , including the new Hitachi . Not with the Freud.Not mentioned in the review on the page -LRB- at least I did n't see it -RRB- is the fact that this is a negative 3 degree hook blade , meaning that basically the teeth do n't cut their way through the stock , they scrape their way through.When I opened it up , I thought , `` oh no , it will be slow as the dickens trying to cut through hard wood . '' With the -3 degree set of the teeth , it does n't even feel like it has a sharp edge . Boy was I wrong , it has never even felt like there was any stock that I was cutting , it just slices through without you noticing when you enter the stock , feels like you are cutting air.And , smooth -- no tear out , very few fibers left on the exit side of the cut even in lousy wood . Beautiful in MDF molding.Also , it is a very thin kerf blade , about 3/32 . Has TCP cut teeth , so that if for whatever reason you just wanted to make a slot , it is perfectly flat on the bottom of the cut , not double angled as an ATB blade would cut.I have tried to find something I do n't like about this blade , but have not been able to . I will seldom if ever use it as intended , on laminates ; but I will be really happy using it for all the other materials I put through my mitre saw . Since it is sold as having `` harder '' teeth than other carbides so it will last longer in use with laminates , I am hoping that it will last a lot longer the way I use it , which is mostly hardwood and pine molding and furniture work.GREAT BLADE .
 great sandpaper compared with what big box stores carry . withstands my abuse finishing stainless steel . even withstands sharpening axes and other shade tree knuckle dragging shortcuts
 Having this kit has saved me substantially . Not only has this increased my knowledge of how a lock actually works . But it has reduced how much I was spending on locksmithing substantially . Rather than having to call a locksmith or buy whole new locks , I simply remove the deadbolt , change the pins and we 're good . When I first got it , it would take me almost an hour to change out one dead bolt . After having performed this task over 20 or 30 times I 've come quite good at it . I would be lost if this kit did n't have the size diagram at the top . So it helps a beginner move into the next progression of his trade .
 With this kit , there is not a NORMAL lock out there you can not master key , grand master key , and custom key . With pins for both kwikset and schlage you cover 90 % of the pinning done . Yes , it is missing the new schlage primus side pins , but you get those in your cylinders.I 'm not saying this is a locksmith in a box -- it wo n't do the math for you - but having all the parts makes life very easy . This is by far the best assortment available on the net today for re-keying locks.If you do n't know what comes next on your things to do with locks , this is the tool to have .
 re-keying saves you hundreds if not thousands if you own multiple apt . buildings or any kind of rental . definetely reccomend it .
 If you want more than just the usual chain for your chandelier , this is a sturdy , well-built , appealing quality item . I took a big gamble buying this sight unseen just from the drawn illustration , but it came out far better than I expected for quality and appearance . I think it really enhances the whole look of the room . The chain is thick and hard to cut , so size it out carefully .
 I ordered four of these for my kitchen cabinets and they look even lovelier `` in person '' . One note - the two screws -LRB- included -RRB- go into these two little `` nubs '' on the back so the handle sticks out away from the cabinet door about 1/3 '' . I wanted the leaves to lay flat , so I drilled a wider hole for the nubs to sink in -LRB- in addition to the regular skinnier hole for the screw -RRB- , and that worked beautifully with one caveat
 This bit is similar to a standard drywall cutout bit with two differences . It is 5/32 '' in diameter rather than the stardard 1/8 '' . Second , it had a cutting flute on the tip so that you can drill an entry hole rather than just punching through.I used this bit with an RZ20 to cut window and door openings in OSB . The operation was performed just like cutting drywall around outlets . The drill-bit tip let me start the cut without first opening a hole with a separate bit . The 5/32 '' diameter made the bit strong enough that I could cut at a reasonable rate of speed without snapping off the bit as happens with the 1/8 '' diameter . The `` tracing '' tip allows the tool to follow the rough framing without digging in significantly . The openings ended up smoothly finished with the OSB cut flush to the studs making trimming out very easy . Much nicer finish and just as fast as using a Sawzall .
 Did exactly what it was designed to do . Well designed Nd very please to have purchased . I would recommend this
 Used bit to trace out windows in half inch plywood on structure I 'm building . Worked great in a standard rotozip .
 Like many others I reviewed the heck out of table saws before purchasing this Bosch . I used a cheapie Ryobi last year to trim out a new den and then used my neigbor 's -LRB- contractor -RRB- Bosch for some thresholds . Granted it is comparing apples and oranges but the Bosch was so smooth . I 'm just a homeowner and the Ryobi probably would do everything I am looking at initially . But I wanted some quality with a little room to grow . The neighbor showed me his new Hitachi -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- and recommended that . But it just felt so cheap compared to his Bosch . I was all over the map looking at the lower end Jet , Delta , and even Grizzly . The latter two were simply too large and the jet was $ 250 without any stand let alone wheels . The price of the Bosch at Amazon kept dropping and I purchased it on June 26th 2007 for $ 309 plus $ 99 s/h . At $ 410 shipped it was by far the best price I could find so I pulled the trigger . Have n't set it up and used it yet but there are plenty of more qualified reviewers who have reviewed the performance.Pros
 I was going to buy the Ryobi rolling folding saw but decided to ante up and get a high quality saw . I love my Bosch saw and always look forward to doing the occasional rip with it , compared to the loathing I had for my behemoth Cratfsman saw purchased over 30 years ago ; I 'll give that saw to my son who is now starting his bulding career . BTW ; the Sears saw still works great .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Love the gravity stand.effortless and light to haul around .
 I received the saw sans paperwork which turned out to be a plus as I went to Bosch 's website and downloaded them . Then , I only printed the pages written in English . Note
 I bought this saw in the portable version due to a lack of storage space . What I found was that it is not only easy to set up and take down , but it cuts like a dream and the fence is accurate and very easy to use . I would buy it again in an instant and the workmen I employed during my redecorating project used my saw instead of theirs . I also bought the optional table extensions which I would strongly recommend to anyone who buys it since the portability comes at a price.The only criticism I have is that for some reason you can not rip a 2 x 4 completely through in the 4 inch direction which I would have thought should be easily done with a 10 inch saw . The fence is good enough so your can reverse it and do the job with two cuts but this seems like a silly oversight .
 I spent a lot of time shopping and comparing the BOSCH 4000 with other brands . This BOSCH cost more than the other brands I considered -LRB- Craftsman Professional , DeWalt -RRB- . It 's quiet -LRB- for a table saw -RRB- , smooth , sturdy , and accurate . I am very satisfied , and recommend it to anyone who wants a quality tool , not just a department store special .
 I 'm an intermediate level DIY'er and thought this saw would be more than enough to get the job done . The saw is very well built , has plenty of cutting power -LRB- with a quality blade -RRB- and folds up nicely when your through with it . The only gripe I had is the fence . It has very little flex but does n't travel up and down the rails very smoothly . Perhaps that will improve once it gets broken in . I 'm satisfied ...
 I bought this saw when Amazon had a special on it.I could not be more happy with it . This is a furnituregrade saw . All features work super . Try it YOU 'LL like it .
 This thing is absolutely flawless . The stand is perfect , the saw is perfect , if Jesus still does carpentry , He has one of these .
 I have never written a review before but this saw is so good I felt I had to share the news . Everything about this saw is well thought out . Right of the box it was ready to go . The fence is good . The miter gauge is good . The clever built in extension of the right table is very nice . Everything stows on the saw when you put it away . Do n't get me wrong , this is no Unisaw , and like all portable saws , it 's noisy . But it 's a great saw for the jobsite or small shop . Combine this with a good miter saw , and you can do most anything . As good as this saw is , I was even more impressed with the new gravity-rise stand . I have a good fold-up-and-wheel-away stand for my miter saw , but this stand is just amazing . It is very solid , beautifuly built , and folds and unfolds easier than anything I have ever seen . If you want a good basic table saw that will stow away easily , I do n't think there is anything out there that comes close . I love it !
 I was looking for a good quality portable table saw for my small shop . Several years ago I had purchased a Hitachi table saw -LRB- C10RA2 -RRB- believing that this was the best saw on the market to fulfill my needs . I was wrong . It was a piece of junk that I wasted $ 300.00 on . It was not portable . The miter gauge had so much slop in it that it was useless . The miter track was an unusual size . And the fence was horrible . While the saw packed a lot of power , it lacked the overall accessories that I was looking for . It is now sitting in a landfill somewhere.The bread and butter of any shop is a good table saw . And I found one great replacement in the Bosch 4000-09 . It has a soft start motor , a good fitting miter gauge with very little slop , a good quality fence that can be easily expanded to cut twenty plus inches , a large table surface , and blade guard that is easy to put on and take off . The people who designed this saw must have received a lot of input from carpenters , woodworkers , and home improvement enthusiasts . There is a lot of detail in this saw that was simply not in the Hitachi . When the miter gauge is not in use , it is stored at the base in a specially designed slot with a catch to keep the miter gauge in place when the saw is moved . There also is a specially designed place to put the rip fence on the side of the saw when it is not in use . In the back of the saw there is place to wrap the cord . And there is a place where you can put extra blades . The allen head screws on the saw are the same size , and you guessed it , Bosch even has a specially designed slot for the allen wrench.When I first purchased the saw and put to work in my shop , I was amazed how easy it was to get to the on board accessories . Everything flowed so well when I had to switch from miter gauge , rip fence , and removing the blade guard . No twisting , bending , or fighting to put things on or take things off . This saw had just as much power as the Hitachi , but it was quieter . The blade that comes with the saw is of high quality , I ripped through Oak and Cherry like a hot knife through butter . The gravity rise stand is heavy duty , easy to assemble , and easy to fold . While the stand looks big , heavy , and cumbersome , it is surprisingly nimble and easy to move.You can learn from my mistake ; Buy a cheap saw and you will find out real quickly that you just made a $ 300.00 mistake . Or you can invest wisely , spend a few more bucks , and buy a quality machine that can make you 're job easier or hobby that much more enjoyable . The Bosch 4000-9 is simply the alpha male of the pack !!!!
 I purchased this saw to do some light cabinet work . The purchase was driven by space and portability but I also wanted a high degree of accuracy from the saw . And , I 'm generally pleased . The motor has sufficient power to plow through 12/4 hard maple and , after initial tuning , the fence and top have remained in alignment after a year of use . I like the blade carrier since I use multiple blades . It has save several blades from chips due to dropping . I did purchase the outfeed/left side supports and these are very useful . I did not initially purchase the gravity-rise stand because of availability but did upgrade a few months later to save wear and tear on my back . I 've made several other upgrades to the table that have increased its accuracy for woodworking : - Upgrade the blade for woodworking
 OK ... so I do n't normally write reviews , but this saw warrants it 's due respect . I purchased this saw out of necessity shortly after returning a Hitachi table saw -LRB- used it once ... garbage . . do n't bother -RRB- . The Hitachi felt like a cheaply made , inaccurate out of the box piece of junk . Therefore , becuase I own many other Bosch tools I decided to give this table saw a try . Everyone had rated it almost perfect . Took advantage of a $ 75 discount and free shipping provided by amazon . Once the saw arrived via truck freight -LRB- not light by any means -RRB- , I immediately opened the box . Nirvana . First thought was that this thing is hefty and extremely well engineered -LRB- unlike the Hitachi -RRB- . Installation was simple , operation is quiet and powerful , and the gravity-rise stand is awesome . Very minimal calibration out of the box . I use this saw all the time , and enjoy every minute . If you are in the market for a really nice portable table saw that means business , buy this saw . It is truely worth every penny .
 I typically read these reviews , and take them into consideration when buying a product . I am not a professional woodworker although I have been doing it for myself , friends and family for over 20 years . I recently ran into a space issue and needed to find a table saw that would not take up as much room as my old cabinet saw . I started looking at the portables . The Bosch 4000-09 is one of the best thought out portables out there . Head and shoulders above the Dewalt , Hitachi , Craftsman and any other one you can think of.What I like : The large table with its right side expanding wing . Gets even better with the left side table extension.Soft start and smooth motor . Plenty of power.Saw is very easy to dial in for perfect cuts , although it required very little adjustment right out of the box.On-board storage for the fence , miter fence , blades , etc. makes it truly portable if you had to take it to the job site . Nothing worse than getting to the job site and looking for a piece of the saw.I read reviews where the arbor is too short for dado sets . This was initially a concern for me and I could not believe Bosch would think of everything but that.Bosch responded with the following instructions for installing dado sets : `` When mounting dado blades on the Bosch 4000 table saw , follow this procedure which was omitted from the owner 's manual . This saw will handle up to a 13/16 '' wide dado blade.Remove both blade washers from the arbor shaft . Install & use the Outer washer as the Inner washer , then mount your dado blade set , then install the lock nut . An outer washer is not needed for a dado set . This procedure will provide proper spacing of your dado blade set . Changing blades can be a bit tight , but if you insure the blade is elevated to itsmaximum height you should n't have any problem . The reason for this is because the dust containment shroud is rather close to the blade to contain saw dust from blowing all over the place . `` These instructions worked great . Had my dado cuts going in no time.The positive stops on the blade and miter gauge were dead on from the factory.Clear instructions to put the stand together . Very easy to follow.Weight of the overall unit is comfortable to lift if I have to.The actual foot print of the unit , I figure about 4.5 square feet . Allot less than my big saw at about 21 square feet.What I do n't like : I know your looking for some criticism but the only thing I would like to see is a place to mount an outfeed table to the saw . I 'm not talking about the outfeed rail that you can order for the saw , but a real outfeed table . I guess I 'm just used to the one that is attached to my cabinet saw.Other than that one small thing , this saw is awesome and I am looking forward to turning out more cabinets with it . It cuts just as good as my big saw .
 I have owned this saw for approximately 4 years , although I have the older red stand that does n't have wheels on it . It 's perfectly fine . i 'm a builder/contractor who uses this saw all the time and I have no regrets , it replaces an old makita saw which was junk.the only thing that bothers me about this saw , is the dust tends to collect more than other saws , unless you connect it to a collection system , this saw is ment to be on jobsites , not in shops , so they could have made that a little better , so it does n't clog up.my makita never clogged , but was a piece of junk in other categories.one more thing that i 've noticed is that the plastic base has slight cracks in it at the bottom , from sliding it in and out of my truck . I would think they could make the frame/base a little stronger . the cracks have n't affected the performance at all.some of you guys who are complaining about no manuals or the blade that comes with it , must not know a lot about table saws.NO TOOL ever comes with a really good blade out of the box . they always become my junk blade for something . i did n't need any type of manual to use this saw . i threw the blade guard out the first day , no one really uses those things do they?overall , it 's a great saw and I would buy another one if this one broke tomorrow .
 After 15 years my 150 dollar skil saw died in the middle of a deck project ! Looking for a replacement I noticed the Bosch saw with the folding legs . I had recently purchased a miter saw stand that folded and have been very impressed so I decided to buy this saw with stand.Although it took a month to arrive due to free ground shipping it was worth the wait . The stand operates smoothly amd with very little effort , the saw is muuuuuch quieter than my old skil and cuts so smoothly . The controls are well made and work well . The fence adjusts accurately and locks squarely . It is such a pleasure to use !
 As a remodeling professional , my tools must be reliable and accurate . After working with other portable saws over the years , I highly scrutinized the saws that were available when I needed to purchase a new one.The Bosch table saw with the gravity stand is the best there is . I extremely happy with the performance and accuracy of this unit . The only downfall is that I have to beg my crew for chance to use it -LRB- and I own it -RRB- ! If you want or require the best , do n't look any further . Add a dust bag and left side extension and you are set !
 I bought this Bosch table saw and portable stand for my small building and renovation business.The single shipping box was well designed and the unit arrived safely.Plan to spend a few hours putting this thing together.The saw and stand are a definite upgrade from my portable 2703 makita table saw.The stand design works well on stairs , through normal doorways , and a surprisingly wide variety of normal constucion site situations . You can roll it in and out daily on the work site . This unit 's weight is a factor when lifting it into the back of a pick-up truck , you 'll wish you had some help.I like
 I ca n't say enough good things about this saw that have n't already been said by all the other 5 star reviews . This saw is better than its DeWalt competition . I 've used the DeWalt many times and the Bosch is a smoother cutting saw , quieter , and easier to use . The fence is excellent and locks in place square to the blade every time . There is much less vibration than other saws resulting in super clean cuts , good enough for fine finish work without a lot of extra sanding . The Gravity rise stand is awesome ! It is well worth it for any aging carpenter having to move a saw around . It will add years of life to your back for sure.I 've had mine about a year and a half and it is holding up to job abuse extremely well . I love this saw ! I got the saw on sale from a retailer and saved big money too.Makita has come out with a similar model saw and is bound to give the Bosch some competition but it is still over $ 600 at pro lumber yards and I did n't think it had as good of a stand .
 I love wheeling this out and with a simple push and click , the saw is ready to go . It has adjustable feet for rough ground , big air filled tires for easy porting ... I love it.The saw is maybe the best designed for it 's market -LRB- I have n't seen them all , so maybe not -RRB- . The cord has it 's own storage place , the fence is easily removable and also has its own well designed storage place , as does the sliding miter gauge . If you own a Dewalt , you know how a pretty good table saw experience can be ruined by not having a place to put the cord and having the miter gauge fall out of its slot all the time.The blade -LRB- like pretty much any other saw -RRB- is easy to switch out and the 90 degreee positive stop is easy to set and stays put.It comes with a pretty good blade . Usually I 'm inclined to change the blade immediately , but this one did a good job and stayed sharp for a good amount of time.My main quirk is the ruler on it . Bosch uses a magnifier to `` help '' me line up the fence correctly . It does n't help and it actually gets in the way a lot as it fills with dust . Also , this style of fence has always made me nervous as to its accuracy . Dewalt 's -LRB- the main one i used before this -RRB- is permanently attached . It stays accurate for a long time and I generally only check its accuracy when a crucial cut comes along . With Bosch 's style , as it locks into place the fence will move ever so slightly . It stays amazingly close to where I wanted it , but if that 32nd matters -LRB- and often it does for me -RRB- , you 're better off setting it with your ruler . Apparently that 's how a lot of cabinet install guys do it anyway regardless of which table saw they own .4 stars . I would rate Dewalt 's at 3 stars -LRB- for a comparison guide -RRB- and consider 2 stars to be about the average grade .
 After many hours of scouring through reviews for various `` contractor '' style table saws I finally bought the Bosch 4000-07 -LRB- folding stand -RRB- . I bought this saw sometime in 2004 and have never regretted my decision . At the time I bought it there was a promotion offering the rear and both side extensions . I 've run many board feet of Maple , Oak , Cocobolo , Pine and many other species of wood through the saw and have had no problems at all . I did change out the blade , opting for a Forrest WW II blade . I have never bogged the saw down - it glides through the wood . I do find that the Miter Guage that came with it was a little sloppy , but who uses that these days , when you can use a Sled ? The Rip Fence is `` dead on '' accurate and compares nicely with the high end after market fences.If you are in the market for a table saw - you wo n't go wrong with the Bosch - I highly recommend it .
 This is the best jobsite table saw I ever used . Beautiful ergonomic design and top performance . I use it as a shop saw too although I know it 's not a shop saw . It can stand in . That speaks to its quality .
 Purchased this saw last weekend ... was delivered on Wednesday , with just normal delivery ... wow , but the delivery charge was $ 99 . Put the stand together and attached saw after work on Friday ... took a couple of hours at most . Folds nicely for easy storage . I am a hobbiest and do a lot of projects around our new home . I have the makita 12 `` inch compound mitre saw that I put on a rigid stand from HD , but needed a saw that can rip lumber ... . the Makita could get you excited , but WOW the new Bosch is like having viagra . As I checked the blade , rip fence , etc for angle accuracy , it came out of the box , to quote MonaLisa Vito from My Cousin Vinnie `` dead on balls accurate '' . Ca n't wait to start putting lumber through it . If you are sitting on the fence thinking about it , this is the saw to get , especially if storage is an issue .
 The saw works great and it has been very precise . The gravity-rise wheeled stand really makes this saw practical to move and to use just about anywhere .
 This is exactly what I hoped for . An easy to move table saw and quick set up without the back breaking some of the other saws require . I new Bosch would continue it 's success in engineering a quility tool that makes life easier for the working man .
 I built my house thirty years ago with a cutoff saw from Sears . I 've never had a table saw and brother that was a mistake . The saw is great and the storage and movement options with the gravity rise stand are amazing . Higly recommended .
 The only way you can do better than this saw for accuracy and ease of use is with a permanently installed professional woodworking table saw ... but cmon , how many of us need -LRB- or have the space for -RRB- that ? The gravity rise is great , but it does make the saw bulky for carrying up stairs etc. . . I use this saw along with my Makita LS1214 for larger jobs and outside stuff , and I use a smaller , cheaper ryobi tablesaw for non-critical small jobs up lots of stairs , and I use a smaller 10 '' Craftsman miter saw along with it under those circumstances . I do n't think you can go wrong with this saw , as long as the size and weight of it are not an issue for you .
 I have a very small basement woodworking shop and I 've been using this for some time now . Since my space is quite limited a cabinet or even contractor saw is really out of the question so that left a portable . After some research I got this one . Very happy with it so far . Two must haves on this saw to make it perform to woodworking standards . One , a new blade . I have it outfitted with a Forrest woodworker II but any good quality blade would do I would think . Second is some sort of crosscut sled or good miter fence . The miter gauge that comes with it is not accurate enough for anything other than rough cuts . I built a crosscut sled for it and it now produces perfectly square cuts . The stand is easy to use as well and a nice addition . The fence is solid with no slop in it . While I doubt this could compete with a good cabinet saw it is an excellent saw for the small shop .
 I got the saw for my husband for father 's day . He has been using it ever since . It 's easy to set up and move from one place to another . Great investment !
 An excellent portable tablesaw . Very precised and easy to use . Also very easy to stow . Takes minimal space .
 If you are like me and do n't have the room for a full size cabinet saw and want a table saw that is accurate , sturdy and easy to store , then this is the saw for you . You ca n't go wrong with Bosch and this saw does almost anything I ask of it . I added the right and left side extensions , but everything else is stock as it came . My shop-vac fits the dust port and helps with the sawdust .
 This saw is definitly hands down pants down the best saw out there for the money . Its more expensive then most but you will NOT be disapointed . I thought about buying other saws for awhile , researched day and night . tried other saws my friends have . this saw is phenomenal . great !! cant say enough about it.I have an industrial jet saw for large things in the shop , but this saw is for jobsite use only . After this I probalby wont buy another dewalt tool again . . for the money i will go with bosch . dewalt always seems to be more expensive just because its yellow ... not sure on that one . Always always ! shop around for the best price when buying a new tool . I shopped for 4 months on this saw and finally found a sale under 500 bucks ! it pays for you too research first either local and online .
 I am really pleased with my new Bosch saw . The saw was delivered on time and in perfect condition . I was amazed that the rip fence , blade and miter guide were ALL exactly right on . The yellow cut mark circle is even helpful . Of course the only reason I only gave it 4 stars was the usual reasons ; 1 , The blade provided is fair . 2 , The rear outfeed extension is NOT included . 3 , I 'll also have to order the cheap plastic inserts so I can use them as templates to make my own . Dah ! The saw ; with a new blade ; cuts great . Plenty of power . And the stand works really great in my small shop .
 This is an excellent saw . It is easy to set up and well worth the extra cost for the stand . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 I purchased my saw in April 2005 . Amazon offered free shipping and a discounted price at the time and after reading all the reviews on Amazon and any others I could find on the Web I decided it was time to buy one . I was replacing an old Delta saw with a patent date of Jan 1 , 29 -LRB- 1929 I assume -RRB- with a table size of 14 x 17 using a 7.25 inch blade . This ole saw is attached to a base that weighs about 300 lbs so I was moving up quite a bit.The saw arrived after about a month . The gravity lift stand assembled easily and the saw itself weighs only about 60 or 70 pounds so it can all be put together without extra help . I had to make minor adjustments to the pointers on the blade tilt scale and rip fence scale but that was about it . I had the saw up and running in about two hours.I have n't used the saw on any hardwoods to this point . My main project this year has been to gut and remodel our front porch so the heaviest work for the saw has been to rip fir 2x4 's , which it handles easily . The soft start motor is very smooth and the saw has very little vibration if any at all . The rip fence is really easy to mount , dismount and it stores nicely on the left side of the machine out of the way . The miter gauge is larger and more solidly built than some I have seen on other machines . It also stores nicely out of the way on the machine . Templates are provided in the manual for drilling holes in both the rip fence and miter gauge to attach auxiliary facings to each . I have n't had a need to do this yet but probably will in the near future so I may comment more on this feature at a later time . The right side table extension works very smoothly and so far , after adjusting the pointer that one time during the initial setup , the rip fence scale has proven to be very accurate even when using the extension.One of my main reasons for buying this saw was the Wheeled Gravity Stand . My back is not the greatest anymore and this machine is really easy to handle . I have seen other saws with this type of stand but this Bosch stand is really well built and it works so smoothly . The 8-inch wheels are larger than on other models I 've seen . The tires actually have valve stems for adding air . The stand really handles the saw nicely . When folded up it creates a nice package of about 28 inches wide by 24 inches deep and will roll the table of the saw nearly flat against a wall for storage.I was a little disappointed in the dust collection . It has a port to which I attach my shop vac but there is still quite a bit of sawdust that falls to the floor under the machine and collects on the front-side panel and on the underside of the saw . I have my saw in the basement so I always vaccum up the floor and the machine at the end of the day . The dust in the air is worse when removing narrow strips from stock where the strip does not completely cover the slot in the table insert around the blade but maybe that 's true of all machines . I had hoped for better especially when using suction on the port . If someone has found an answer for the dust I would appreciate knowing what can be done about it.Overall , I really like the machine and would recommend it to anyone . I have just come to consider the dust cleanup as part of the project and a small inconvenience for having an otherwise great tool .
 This is n't a cabinet saw . Those that want to compare it to an industrial shop saw need to get serious.This saw is a work horse . I bought mine in Oct 2006 . I use it often and it hasnt slowed down one bit.I recently bought a Beall Digital angle gauge . I checked the 90 deg and 45 deg settings on this saw . They were dead on . I was actually suprised it was so acurate.Use good quality blades and this saw will do almost anything you ask of it.For a worksite portable saw I am doubting it can be beat . I have mine setup in my woodshop as my only tablesaw . I dont have a pressing need to upgrade to a cabinet saw anytime soon . This saw is doing great as it is.Your reading the reviews and thinking about it ... just get the saw . Especially if your space is limited . Folding up and putting this thing away is easy . Too many junk saws out there , this is n't one of them .
 Bosch did their homework before they put this saw together.The gravity rise stand is a work of art . Until you use it , you do n't realize how easy it can be . Almost effortless.The fence
 1 . The sawdust discharge tube and the location for storage of the power cord are not compatable . Whether you use the sawdust bag or an exhaust tube , you have to reach around either to wrap up the power cord on its wrapping pegs -- very inconvenient ! 2 . The riving knife is out of alignment with the blade -- to the right . If it was to the left you could shim it , but being to the right creates the need to bend the riving knife in order to center it behind the blade -- it is between 1/16 '' and 1/8 '' out of alignment causing wood to hang up against it -- VERY POOR -- I AM SURPRISED !
 This tool is another in my collection of Bosch equipment . I read the reviews before buying and find that this product has lived up to all of my expectations . I really like how the stand folds and the saw can be set in the corner when not in use . I also like the how storage is provided for all the accessories and how securely they are attached.The only part I have had a little trouble with is opening the stand . Either the joints are too tight or I still have to master the slight of hand necessary to open it easily . I think I am getting better . It came in very handy for installation of my laminate floor and I hope to soon find out how easily it transports as I have a job at another site . Pneumatic tires are very nice when rolling it about.I hope to add some of the accessories that are available . A zero clearance throat plate will be a nice addition along with the one for my dado set . The throat plate arrangement is another good featureOne question I have about this purchase is
 From the viewpoint of a weekend hobbyist , this saw is all I expected and more . Prior to purchasing any new tool , reviews and opinions are scrutinized in detail . I 'll say , `` Ditto '' to every one the 5-Star reviews .
 If you are looking for a portable saw . Look no farther then this saw from Bosch . I had the a chance to see this saw at a Tool Store in the area , See this saw up close on the new Gravity Rise Stand which look like it could move a car engine with out trouble . Last time I saw tires this size they were on a cart rated at 800 pounds . Bosch says that the stand will support 200 pound at the corners . As for the saw it self very nice cuts clean and did not need much final adjustments .
 This saw is made in Taiwan , not China . There IS a difference , called quality . It was packed very carefully and well . I had no problems putting together the stand and then mounting the saw on it . Very clear and easy to understand directions . Took about 25 minutes . It is very high quality . I had just one problem-setting the saw arbor parallel to the miter slot . It was off . You must do this to avoid kickback . It took me an hour to finally get the arbor parallel . Once that was done , it was time to go to work . It did great on plywood , oak and ash , both ripping and crosscut . The rip fence was a big surprise-its parallel to the blade and its rugged . This is not a stationary heavy weight saw . Its made to be portable and even has a dust chute that gets about 90 % of the chips-not bad . Get a vacuum hook-up or the bag they sell for it . The folding table adjustment is awesome . If not for the parallel problem , this saw would get 5 stars .
 The build quality of this saw is unreal . I did n't know you cold buy tools of this quality so cheap . It 's just beautiful . Clever design throughout and surprisingly quiet . My friends are so jealous of this thing . It makes all other contractor saws look like a chinese harbor freight purchase . Buy this thing , you will be amazed .
 Because of limited space I needed a saw that could be moved around without alot of labor and this saw fits the bill . It has alot of power and cuts hardwood easily . To adjust settings on the saw it is very easy . So far it cuts like a full size more expensive table saw but with a portable saw ability to move it around .
 this truly is a remarkable saw . enough said.gerry hilltucson arizona
 I bought this saw to do some quick work in a small condo that I 'm in the process of selling . Getting the saw up a few stairs and around tight corners was as easy as I 'd hoped . It passes through a 3 ' door opening , but ca n't quite make it in a 2 ' -10 '' opening But , with a little help , it easily slides in sideways . As far as power and accuracy , I coud n't have asked for more in a portable saw . The motor torques up for thicker or faster cuts , and the fence is absolutely stable and accurate once set properly . I also found the dust collection to be excellent and am not sure why a previous reviewer had problems . I do recommend reading the instructions for unpacking and alignment , as there were a few pieces of styrofoam wedged under the table that I never would have noticed had it not been for the manual.My only complaints are as follows
 The first is the 40 or 50 year old Craftsman iron table saw I inherited from my grandfather . -LRB- My grampa did n't need no dang video download to figure out which saw to buy ... -RRB- This Bosch , though , compares favorably in most ways . I resisted upgrading the blade , but then I went out and bought a Forrester Woodworker II thin kerf . `` My goodness . '' My first cut with the blade was an oak 1x6 and it went through that like butter . Several cuts later , I found out I had put the arbor nuts on bass ackwards . When I fixed that , it was , `` Oh gosh , my goodness ! '' Be sure to get the left and rear side extensions and the dust collector if you are n't going to be hooking it up to a vacuum . I 've noticed this is the saw many of the home improvement shows are using now . That cart is wildly cool , too . Stable and easy to move .
 OK , for the most part , we 're all in agreement about how great this saw really is . I was in the market for a Delta table saw but had no space to keep it . I opted for the Bosch saw reading all the reviews . Everything about this saw is wonderful . I 've had mine for about 9 months and it still cuts straight and true every time.The only drawback is the reoccurring dado issue . After numerous calls to Bosch , I was finally able to talk to someone who could help . Bosch does not make a dedicated dado for this saw . The suggested dado is made by Delta . This is a stackable 6 '' model and works fantastic with cuts up to 13/16th 's . However , Delta provides no instructions on how to use their dado . For the most part ; it is intuitive to the user . Next point is the dado insert for the saw . I highly suggest taking the `` existing '' blade insert and using that as a template to make your own dado insert . It is cheap , effective , and easy using 1/8 '' hardwood.That being said , you now have your dado solution !
 I bought this table saw because of space limitations in my workshop . I keep this table saw in another storage area and just wheel it outside to do my cutting . The ergonomic stand makes this very simple . The saw itself is very well built , and I would recommend it without exception.Ed
 I use this saw for trim carpentry and / or framing on a daily basis . I believe that it is the best portable saw out there right now.The fence is as good as I have seen on a portable saw -LRB- better than the Dewalts which is second best -RRB- . The extension support for 4 x 8 sheets is easy to operate and sufficiently sturdy.The stand / dolly is very clever and easy to use if you have space for it in your truck -LRB- mine truck bed is always full of a hundred other tools so I removed the table saw from it 's base and just set it on some saw horses on the job site -RRB- . Motor is as good or better than other job site saws -LRB- of course quality and ease of cut will depend largely on the quality and type of blade used -RRB- . Other Bosch tools I have used have been more reliable that average . I would not hesitate to recommend this saw .
 I spent a very long time researching table saws and reading through reviews ... more time then any other product that I ever bought . I wanted the DeWalt , but the mass majority of the reviews everywhere touted the Bosch 4000 as the best portable table saw on the market . I 'm not a big fan of Bosch due to previous experience , but I finally decided on purchasing the Bosch 4000 ... that was , until we got a Bosch 5412L miter box saw on site . Its glaring flaws made me once again question whether or not to buy another Bosch product.Several months later I needed a table saw , so I gave in and picked up the 4000-09 ... I 'm so glad I did . We use a Rigid TS2400LS on site ... a saw that my boss paid nearly as much as I did for the Bosch . The Rigid has plastic gears that raise and lower the blade , a terrible dust collection system , and a 15-amp motor that runs more like a 10-amp . The Bosch , on the other hand , has all metal gearing , a fantastic dust port that actually works , and a motor that wo n't choke , even under a pretty strenuous load . The fence works very well ... better then all the other portable table saws I 've used ... Makita , DeWalt , Rigid , etc. . It 's smooth , accurate , with adjustable tension.The stand is top-notch ... very sturdy and solidly build . Twist the handle and it 'll open up or fold just as quickly as you can raise or tilt it . The large , inflatable wheels will easily roll over rough and rocky terrain.I use a dado blade on the Bosch 4000 all the time . However , the instructions fail to mention how to use wider dados on this saw . In order to do so , you must remove the outer washer AND the inner washer -LRB- the thick , tapered one -RRB- , and use the outer washer as the inner washer . You do n't need to use a washer on the outside when using a dado blade.The blade tilt is dead-on accurate right out of the box ... after six months of use , I 'm just as comfortable making bevel cuts with the Bosch as I am with the Delta Unisaw ... perfectly accurate for even the most important beveled cuts . Overall , I could n't be happier with my purchase . Sharp , precise , and accurate ... the reviews were right , this is one incredible table saw .
 Get rid of your old cast iron saw . This thing is phenomenal . The sound is very quiet -LRB- compared to the old guy -RRB- , the ingenius levers and slide table extensions are very efficient , folding up and rolling away a table saw is nearly incomprehensible in my reality and the light weight is nice for moving around -LRB- but it is not too light for heavy work ! -RRB- My purchase was an excellent experience . About the only thing missing is an exhaust bin .
 I just bought this saw after my old Craftsman bench saw bit the dust . What a difference ! I use this on jobsites and it is quite easy to move around with the included cart . There is a little bit of vibration but that is to be expected from a direct drive . The vibration is nothing like that of my old Craftsman . I now have a portable saw with a reliable fence that stays square and true . And it has power too !
 My small workshop needed a table saw . This portable saw is perfect for me . I took about two and a half hours to assemble the stand -LRB- which is a marvel of engineering -RRB- , and attach the saw . My first cut was trimming 3/8 from edge of a 1x6x6ft mdf white Bd . The next , a 2x4 ft mdf needed to be cut to size for my project . I used a portable roller stand to support them both behind the saw . This was no big deal , but a good place to start with a new saw . The real test was that I had room to manuever in that small space , but just barely . The saw is really well made , obviously a solid , quality poduct with all details thought out and well executed . When not in use , it folds out of the way , and in my shop thats really important . I 'm not thrilled with the blade guard & splitter , but I will bear with them for now , and they are better than I expected ,
 I read many reviews and compared this saw with others in its category . This saw seemed to stand out , and I can see why . It cuts like a hot knife through butter . The fence is much more precise than my old Makita and the layout of the table is very well thought out . I like the different slots and places for the tools and the on/off switch is well placed and easy to use . The start up is smooth and quiet.The Gravity-Rise wheeled stand is exactly what I hoped . It is easy to set up and take down with little effort . The pneumatic wheels are very smooth and make it easy to wheel around my garage and into my back yard . It feels solid and the welding is well done.If you were to press me on some negatives , I would say that the initial assembly was a bother , but not difficult . Also , the locking mechanism for the stand does n't snap into place easily when you put it away , so you have to make sure that the pins seat correctly . It took a while to get here , but I 'm sure that there is a great demand for a product like this . In all , it came sooner than stated.I 've only used it a few times so far , but I 'm looking forward to more time with it soon . If you are looking for a saw in this price range , it is worth it to pay a little extra and get a saw that will perform well . There is nothing worse than having to do a job with a poor tool .
 I had a Makita table saw before and this Bosch performs so much better ... as a carenter by trade I highly recommend this table saw .
 I ordered this saw for this year 's birthday in April . But I did n't open the battered box -LRB- my bad -RRB- until yesterday , June 29th . I found the saw insert was broken off in shipment , and of course , as everyone had warned , the manual was gone . So now I wait for the Bosch folks to get back to me about replacing the manual . It looks like I 'll have to order -LRB- and pay for -RRB- the insert myself . In any case , I 'm looking forward to using this saw !
 This saw is exactly what i wanted ; built well for the price , portable , and well designed . The stand is super . I may want to beef up the fence by buiding a plywood box to fit on it like a sleeve .
 Does everything as advertised , easily and well . The stand and saw are well engineered . easy to use and precise , A definite buy .
 Although I am not a carpenter , I do a lot of my own renovations , etc. . My brother-in-law has this saw and I would constantly borrow it . I finally purchased one with the integrated table and have zero regrets . It is simply fantastic .
 I like this saw ! It has plenty of power and so far everything has stayed true . Would still like to see a fence that moves a bit better but so far this is the best job-site saw I have purchased . The gravity-rise stand is well engineered and quite stable but I wish it were a bit narrower to reduce the space required for stowing/transporting in the truck .
 great saw , great price . As a contractor I view tool purchases as a necessary evil , yet , this Bosch tool is an exceptional item , well constructed , well thought out .
 I read a lot of the reviews and then went all over town looking at `` job-site '' saws in the $ 300 to $ 700 -LRB- retail -RRB- range including saws from Bosch , Craftsman , Delta , Dewalt , PorterCable , Makita , and Ridgid . All of them came with either a folding table or a wheeled , folding stand or both . I decided the Bosch seemed to be the best of the lot considering , design , quality of construction and finsh of the saw , operation of the fence and miter gauge , on-saw storage for blades , fence , miter gauge , and allen wrench -LRB- for adjustments and truing , wheeled , folding stand , total saw and stand weight , and even price . No one could touch Amazon 's price -LRB- $ 514.94 on January 30 , 2006 -RRB- , no sales tax , and no shipping fees . I ordered it by phone on the 30th , delivery was scheduled for between the 14th and 15 of February , and I received it on February 10 , well packaged , and within 10 minutes from the time the delivery service scheduled it . I assemled it and checked for trueness -- table and blade alignment , fence and miter gauge alignment , etc. . Everything checked out right out of the box . The reviewers who praised the fence and how it locks in place were very accurate . Bosch even supplies a template for drilling the fence and instructions should you decide to a attach a wood facing for making very thin cuts or using a dado or molding head . You can also padlock the on/off switch . The saw came with a high quality 40 tooth carbide-tipped blade . The gravity-rise stand also beats anything on the market -- it even has instructions and hole designations for mounting other brands of saws like Craftsman , Dewalt , Hitachi , Makita , and Ridgid . It is very easy to set up , take down , store and manuver . Using the saw I have detected no vibration , more than ample torque and power , and vey clean cutting and ripping . I have fed the saw mostly 1x and 2x material -- ripping and cut offs , 90 and 45 degrees , and dado cuts -- no slow downs or stalling , all very clean , simple cuts . At the same time I also purchased the Bosh Dado Insert , Zero Clearance Insert , and a Dust Bag . All are well made and finished , easy to install and use , and were very inexpensive from Amazon . The dust bag does collect some of the sawdust , as does the garage floor . I am glad I read a lot of the reviews on this site and also shopped and examined a wide-range of similar `` job-site '' saws and wheeled carts . I am glad I selected the Bosch -- it 's a `` keeper . '' I am also more than pleased with Amazon -- when I called them a young lady named Nerie answered the phone on the second ring and was very helpful and patiently answered each of my numerous questions . This is the 4th table saw I have owned . I expect it to be my last .
 I looked at many portable table saws before I settled on this model . What won me over competing models was the quality of construction , large and flat table surface , good fence , and excellent stand . If you are trying to decide which model to purchase , please visit your local hardware store , as there is no substitute to actually trying the tool in the store -LRB- construction , fence , adjustments etc. -RRB- . I quickly eliminated lower priced models , including Hitachi and Makita brands . The 2 best ones are Dewalt and this Bosch model . Bosch , in my opinion , has better surface , quality , adjustments , and the stand that you will only start appreciating once you start using it . Dewalt has better fence micro adjustment , that 's the only thing I wish Bosch offered -LRB- basically , once you have the fence locked , you can move it slightly by turning the knob for precise adjustment , rather that unlocking , moving , and then locking the fence again -RRB- . However , the fence is straight , and that 's what counts the most . I believe Bosch is slightly better model overall . I would not recommend looking at anything other than these 2 models . In case you decide to buy Bosch , there are 2 accessories I highly recommend
 The Bosch 4000-09 10 '' saw is a power house , coupled with the gravity rise wheel stand certainly rounds this unit out . It can be lugged around the site , or your house , easily by one person.Although I have n't tried the supplied blade , I simply went with a Forrest WoodWorker II blade which I suggest highly of putting on this saw . Blade changing is a snap . On board storage of most accessories is very accessible and well thought out . Very low vibration on the table top.It did n't take long to put the unit together , although the directions are lousy as they are with most things that have to be put together by you and are printed in China . I reccomend getting the left side and rear table supports to make the table top even larger than it is , and do n't forget to wipe down the table top with a pinch of carnuba wax!Never had a problem with any thing breaking or wearing out , easily cut through the glutton of hardwoods , softwoods and synthetics I sent through it . Layed several harwood floors with this unit . Would have gotten 5 stars if the price was n't so high , but , I did have another tool from Bosch that broke within two weeks and they replaced it within five days and the receptionist was very pleasant.Compared to other table saws , the makita and dewalt , I 'd say get this or try the Rigid with the similar gravity rise stand .
 I love this saw . For years I used a Ryobi benchtop saw , but after a stupid accident that bent the arbor -LRB- do n't ask
 I have been looking at this saw for a few years and finally decided to buy it . I have had it now for a few weeks and am very happy with it . For me the ability to move the saw from my basement workshop out to the yard was an important purchase factor . Assembly of the saw and stand were a simple affair . The blade and fence came from the factory aligned and running true . I did replace the blade and the miter gauge that came with the saw . The miter gauge that came with the saw had no lateral slop adjustment and it was just too loose for my comfort . A previous reviewer did not like the fact that the dust port is in between the pegs for storing the power cord . This does not bother me since I dissconnect my dust collector hose when I unplug the saw . There were also complaints about the splitter being out of alignment , this is adjustable with the allen wrench that Bosch includes . Overall I am very happy with the saw .
 This is the greatest portable table saw . I have used it to cut everything from 2 X 4 's to 4 X 83/4 Inch plywood . I read the reviews before buying & have to agree the instructions for the stand are bad - You will be further ahead to use the photos on the box for reference . I highly recomend the side support & the outfeed support .
 Received this saw a month ago , ca n't stay off it.Living in a apartment with a small garage that the family car sits in most of the time . Pull out car , Open saw and presto I have a woodworking space.The feeling is that this saw is made for big prodjects . It just looks husky.Built like a tank . It handles any wood like a dream . The folding of this stand is a breeze for even a man of my yrs .68 And it stores in a small space.Bosch has finally hit the best combination of tool and stand.And now if I only had another 30 yrs to use it.John
 I typically research my tools for weeks prior to making any purchases . This is the only time that I bought a saw solely on reputation alone . Bosch makes great , reliable product with the most thoughtful attention to detail ... I owned many bosch products so I thought it was a safe buy . First off , this saw is much larger than anticipated . Noticably larger than the Ryobi/Delta models at Home Depot . Setting up the stand took about 15 minutes . My box missed 2 washers -LRB- 2 cents at home depot -RRB- . Once assembled I am amazed at how well the stand works . It 's almost worth the price of the saw itself . Once powered up , the saw is surprisingly quiet . The soft start is a nice feature . There is absolutely no vibration . The large size of the saw allows for a larger than average working surface which is a big plus . The table slides out to the right to further expand the work area . The miter gauge is nice and sturdy . For the price I wish they 'd included some sort of fence for the miter gauge . The fence is accurate and reasonably easy to adjust . The motor cuts straight and the included blade is not bad . I use this only for light duty cuts , so the motor seems plenty powerful . Dust collection is pretty good if hooked up to a shopvac . As a surgeon , I really value my fingers ... I highly recommend a dead switch pedal and push rods . Overall this is a very high quality product that I 've come to expect from Bosch . I 'm real happy with the purchase .
 I bought the saw because of a review in a trade magazine . I was tired of lugging my old `` portable '' table saw and having to re-assemble it at the job site . The folding stand with wheels is perfect for me . Truely portable for one person.This saw seems to have plenty of power . It is as accurate as you could ask for with a portable rig . Top ' o the line in this category .
 I did n't buy the 4000-09 from Amazon , but only because they did n't have the free shipping . This saw is absolutely awesome . Here 's why . - I 'm a DIY weekend warrior , rehabbing my first house . I 've used Powermatic , Jet , and Delta professional saws . One of my biggest fears when buying tools is acquiring a less than professional tool . I want my tools to last for 50 years , I 'm 26.1 . The 4000-09 's direct drive system allows for lightning quick dead accurate mitre adjustments .2 . The motor 's control system can handle anything you can throw at it . It performs just as well as any of the Deltas and Jets I 've used , and it 's portable .3 . The gravity-rise stand works perfectly , additionally it adds an infinite amount of grab handles for loading , unloading , dolly-ing , storing , etc. , basically taking an awkward to manage device into a one-man movement task .4 . The fence is absolutely brilliant , and I would recommend this saw for anyone who is considering a `` shop-saw '' simply because , why limit yourself ?
 I used this saw for two weeks cutting trim for my house . Here 's my experience.ASSEMBLYThis saw took me 45 minutes to assemble . Instructions were clear and contained helpful how-to diagrams.ACCURACYAfter initial adjustment -LRB- instructions show how -RRB- , this saw was dead-on accurate . It cut perfect 45 and 90 degree joints . I 've used it to cut joints that I formerly cut with my Makita compound miter saw -- it 's that good!CONVENIENCEThe saw folds up to the size of a short step ladder , and is easy to move , set up , and use . The gravity rise mechanism and pneumatic tires make this convenience possible.QUALITYThis saw has metal gears and is well constructed . The plastic saw case appears durable and does n't detract from the saw 's quality . The parts that should be metal are steel.SUITABILITYThis saw is suitable for a hobbyist with little storage space , but who requires quality and accuracy . It might also be a good bet for a contractor who needs to transport a light saw to job sites . This saw would be easy to load in a pickup .
 I 've been using this saw in my home workshop for 6 years now and have built an elaborate built-in entertainment center , built-in cabinetry in a bathroom , and huge built-in bookcases with cabinets in our library . I used it even to make all the door panels and drawers with a high degree of precision . Take the time to fully adjust the saw precisely with good reference tools -LRB- squares , etc. -RRB- and it holds true to these for years . I highly recommend getting all the outfeed supports as they are very useful and expand the versatility and ease of use for larger material . Last year I did have to replace a couple of plastic parts in the fence that broke - these were very inexpensive and easily obtained from Bosch online . I 've made a cross-cut sled for it which has been handy . Not having a router bench , I even made an inset that fits in the right table extension that I mount my router to , then a ancillary router fence with vacuum port that I wing-nut screw into the saw fence . Voila - a router table ! Getting a dado set on the arbor can be a little tricky . I purchased from Bosch online another arbor flange -LRB- one is narrow , one is thicker -RRB- . By having two narrow ones , I can now install a 3/4 '' dado without fear of the nut loosening and having a catastrophe . Again , I highly recommend this saw . I do have an earlier model that did n't come with the cart so ca n't speak to that . I also noticed at Lowes that they may have changed from a milled aluminum surface to a rougher cast aluminum surface . I like the milled surface better .
 I purchased this table was after reading the Amazon customer reviews . This saw is a dream to use . The controls are logically located and feel velvety smooth . The fence squares up time after time . For my purposes , this saw is perfect . It is mobile , compact , and accurate . This is a great saw .
 For 30 years , I used a Craftsman table saw that I inherited from my father . After 50 + years of service , it was time for a replacement . With that record , I was shocked when I decided to buy this Bosch . But there was just no comparison . The overall quality was exceptional ; the `` built-ins '' , like the blade holder , the rip fence holder , and the miter gauge holder , were conveniences I had never had ; and the stand ... well , there is just no competitor with a stand/cart that comes close to this unit 's . Bottom line ? A fence that holds its position and reads accurately ; a table extension that greatly increases the saw 's utility , and lets you easily handle long stock ; great power ; and a cart/stand that is balanced , beefy , and useable on uneven ground . I 'm in love , and looking for another 50 years of bliss .
 Upgraded from a Craftsman 2.5 HP to this monster . Cuts through many different woods with ease with no or little sign of slow down . Fence and right ext. superb . for cuts up to almost 25 '' The only problem is dust collection . I run a 6.5 HP rigid vac . that is powerful but ca n't stop the dust from exiting the front .
 I just purchased several new tools based on my own experience and these on line reviews . I am very happy with all of them including this Bosch table saw . I only wish it had a bit more power , but it should do most of what one would expect from a portable saw . One more thing ... I had to cancel my order from ~ ~ Toolking ~ ~ because they would not give a ship date or answer calls or emails or return my money for weeks after I cancelled it from them ! Just get it from Amazon and do n't mess with Toolking .
 Outstanding balance , ease of use , intuitive navigation of buttons , levers , controls . All around excellent product - very pleased .
 I bought the Bosch 4000 with stand from Amazon a few weeks before Hurricane Katrina hit . The saw and stand sat submerged under 10 feet of salt water that stayed for almost 10 days . When we returned to gut our home , I just could n't throw away this saw . About 3 months later , I got around to checking it out . I replaced the brushes in the motor , the on/off switch / and the main circuit board -LRB- all for around $ 50 -RRB- and my saw still works like it did when it was new -LRB- except the salt water has caused most of the paint to flake off of the stand , no big deal . -RRB- None of my other power tools -LRB- except for my Bosch EVS1617 router -RRB- could be saved . So far I have built all of my daughter 's bedroom furniture and all of our kitchen cabinets with the help of this saw .
 Bought this saw several years ago and finally got around to reviewing it . I 've had several different table saws , but needed one that would n't take up alot of space and was portable and easy to take to job locations . The gravity rise stand is the best system I 've ever seen and sets up and down in a matter of seconds , is SUPER strong , VERY easy to use , fits easily into small places , and assembled easily . The saw itself is powerful and very accurate and required very little adjustment right out of the box and has stayed in adjustment . I ended up buying the dado insert for the table and the dust catcher bag and both were quality add ons that work well . I 've used the saw ALOT and it works as well as the day I bought it - I 'd buy this tool again , I love it
 This is a durable and powerful saw for all types of jobs . You 'll rip 8 ' of 4 '' pine and redwood with surprising ease -LRB- all things considered -RRB- . The fence is easy to adjust and stays locked in place.The miter gauge does not fit properly in it 's track , but a little tape will temporarily remedy that problem -LRB- or just buy a better gauge -RRB- . Additionally , I would follow the recommendations of the guy who upgraded the blade .
 This saw is an incredible platform from which an excellent tool can be made . The pop-up saw is nice and intrigued me incredibly , but the weight is a major drawback . I 'm a fit guy , but it 's not easy to haul this thing in and out of your truck/van on a daily basis . Also , the fence , extensions , and supports all may compare nicely to other saws , but it 's hardly the best available.I 've found that with theRousseau 2775 Table Saw Standand outfeed table you have an easy to set up -LRB- after a bit of initial tweaking -RRB- and also easy to break down platform that performs nearly at cabinet levels . The table is obviously not ground-flat cast iron , nor is the fence quite a Beismeyer , but it 's functionally equivalent . You can also have the router table extension table and handle wide panels with ease . Anyway , it 's a nicer fence , better support , lighter -LRB- though maybe not in total , but piece by piece -RRB- . I 'd highly recommend this saw , though I 'd suggest you consider whether the `` coolness '' of the stand really measures up with how practical it is . I think without the stand it 's only half the tool it can be -LRB- though only half the cost too ! -RRB- . I almost prefer to use it over my cabinet saw . mostly because I 'm used to it rather than it being a better saw , but the fact that it 's even in the same picture says something.You can probably do the same with less , but it just takes more time and effort and in this business I 'm always looking for a faster way to do better work . I 've yet to see a better jobsite set up . Let alone one that takes less than 5 minutes to setup & breakdown .
 This item is a Sears with no shipping charge and at a lower price , this is a great saw .
 Have been shopping around for a saw to handle my upcoming hardwood floor installation project . Did n't want to spend HUGE bucks but also did n't want to buy cheap junk . Trying to economize on tools usually ends up being a false economy . Every cheap tool I ever bought I ended up throwing out and going back for the better one that I knew I should have bought in the first place.I was getting a little disenchanted because what I could afford , I did n't want , and what I wanted , I could n't afford.So I 'm in Sears about 2 weeks ago and I see this saw sitting off to the side with a `` Clearance '' tag on it . It 's marked at $ 434 . They also have the newer model on display , the 4100-09 , at full price -LRB- $ 600 -RRB- . $ 400 + is still a little more than I have to spend but just out of curiosity , I go home and pull up all of the glowing reviews on the 4000-09 here at Amazon . Now I know I 've found the saw I want but it 's still a little pricy.I continue to do some shopping around , checking out rentals , etc , but finally arrive at the conclusion that I 'm going to have to buy a saw and I better get quality so I can keep it and use it for several years.So I call Sears back to see if they still have this one on clearance and the salesman says `` yes '' , checks the computer and tells me it 's going for $ 290 . I about fell out of my chair !!! I cross-examined him - Is it the right model ? Does that include the stand ? , etc etc. . I got all of the right answers so I lickety split over to Sears to grab it.When I get there and inquire further , I discover that this has been the display model at Sears for over 11/2 years and was put on clearance when the newer model came in . It 's obviously had a lot of hands touching it -LRB- lots of finger smudges on the table , rip fence ruler a little scratched up from people sliding the fence back and forth , etc -RRB- . They do n't have the packaging or manuals , but all of the parts are in place and everything looks to be in excellent working order . The guy that sold it to me told me he assembled it himself on the floor 11/2 years ago and it 's never left the store and never been turned on . Manufacturer 's warranty is still in force as a `` new '' saw.So I went out on a limb and bought it . Have n't tried it out yet so I 'm holding off on my 5th star but I am extremely impressed with the quality of the build , the solid feel , and that very excellent gravity rise stand.I 'm spared the pain of having to put it together ! And I was able to downloaded the manual from Bosch and use my computer to delete the pages with the French and Spanish instructions before printing.Will be carefully checking all of the alignments and then will post an update after I 've run a few boards through it .
 I bought a bosch for my son and a rigid for myself.I have had rigid for three years.Great stand , saw and fence.Table top on bosch has more of a cast iron feel but rigid has lifetime warranty.Rigid fence stays parallel.It feels better than bosch fence.Ryobi and craftsman have tons of extensions and sliding tables but feel cheaper but cost much less.The most important thing on any tablesaw is that fence locks parallel.I can tell you my rigid does.I cant comment much on bosch because havent used it.Rigid cost me 350 because of rebate and 10 percent hd coupon.Bosch cost 409.00 because it sold on amazon for 519.00 - 110.00 amnazon power tool discount.people on this site have not commented on bosch fence much.My rating is required because amazon needs it to post.My reccommendation is to look at rigid.Lifetime warrant means a lot .
 Excellent saw . Light weight . Like the dust port and soft start . Wheeled cart is OK . Wish it had Dado blade insert .
 The Bosch 4000-09 10 '' Worksite Table Saw with Gravity-Rise Wheeled Stand says what it dos and more . Lots of power , quiet , easy to operate and splits 2x6 nicely . I 'm happy with my purchase ; furthermore , I 'm proud to show it off to my dad , friends and my jealous neighbor . This is the tool that I would be upset and cry over if it 's stolen .
 Great table saw . Sure , its big but its also precise for a jobsite saw . Also , the gravity rise stand is sooooo nice.More power than the others for sure !
 I do not have a workshop or a garage , so I needed something that would take up minimal space in my shed , but made high quality cuts . After reading user comments and studying reviews , I decided this was the saw for me . I have not been disappointed . Not much I can add to the other reviews , but I have been thrilled with this saw .
 I replaced a benchtop saw that was stolen with this one . I use it only part time for myself or to help some one . This set up fits my needs perfectly as I keep it in my cargo trailer . There is one exception , the old one had a trim router mounted under the table . I will have to find a way to mount one on this saw.The shipping was very timely .
 I 've only owned this saw for a couple weeks , but so far it 's lived up to the good ratings it received in trade magazines . Good design and construction .
 Very nice saw . But way over priced @ 569 . The Rigid at HD is only $ 449 and every bit as nice as the Bosch . I gave it 5 stars because it is a very good saw , but only give it 1 star for the price8/20/07-I 've since had a chance to use both saws . Although both perform excellent the Ridgid is made much more sturdy . The fence on the Bosch does n't compare to the Ridgid . Do n't believe , go to Lowes check out the Bosch , go to Home Depot check out the ridgid , and compare . I would drop my rating on the Bosch to 2 stars but editing this note it would n't allow me to change my initally rating .
 Understated its so easy they need to put BBQ pits on it . The saw is great also .
 I bought the saw because of a review in a trade magazine . I was tired of lugging my old `` portable '' table saw and having to re-assemble it at the job site . The folding stand with wheels is perfect for me . Truely portable for one person.This saw seems to have plenty of power . It is as accurate as you could ask for with a portable rig . Top ' o the line in this category .
 I have only used the saw a few times . I have to say that so far it has performed flawlessly . For a portable saw it has more power than I expected . The fence is solid and does n't have any play in it . The other portable saw I had the handle snapped off the fence , no worries about that happening with this saw.I rated this a 4 star product , however I do n't have any complaints . For the same price you get about 1/2 the value from the comparable dewalt saw . I deducted a star because I think it could be a little more refined . I would like to see a cord attachment like you find on the worm drive saws . I would like to see a taller fence . There is plenty of room where it is stored.I think for the price it could include a few of the accessories that are listed . Like the dust bag , out feed table extension and left side table extension.I have modified the sliding table extension to accommodate a router table for my Bosch router . With a little ingenuity you can use the table saw fence as a non split router table fence . Its not as good as a precision router table , but the opening in the table is perfect to let the router hang down in . I know this is a professional saw , and combo tools normally do n't work out well , but the very heavy saw works well as a stable base for a nice portable router table . My next project is to refine my table setup and get a freud split router fence and set it up in the extension gap .
 I travel to my in-law 's home in Springfield , MO from San Bernardino , CA every year . I was asked to help redesign their 16x18 foot junk room into an organized storage room . A central 3 tier 6x8 foot walk-around island , 70 linear feet of bookshelves , and various other dedicated cabinets . I could n't take my Rockwell Contractor , so when I got there , I ordered this one . It made all the ripping , rabbeting , etc. a really fun project ! Obviously , as others have mentioned , cutting 4x8 sheets of plywood down to smaller sizes with a circular saw is necessary , unless you have extra outriggers . All saw functions are very easy to set up and use . But I did make my own `` zero tolerance '' throat plate out of a blank of melamine type material . The flimsy plastic one they supply is unusable in my opinion . I also got their standard rigid folding stand as a freebie -LRB- promo -RRB- , but have since upgraded to their super `` gravity '' folding table . I liked it so much , I bought another for my Bosch compound miter saw . This saw makes a great adjunct for my Rockwell , making it convenient not to have to break down a setup . eg ; one saw for ripping , and the other setup for dadoing . As with any lightweight `` site '' saw , it can be bogged down with too large a cut being made with dado sets , harder woods , etc. . All that being said , it is a real workhorse , and suits my needs perfectly .
 Well , I 've had this saw for about two years now and what I can say is it 's a great saw . I was orginally going to purchase the Dewalt table saw , but this saw combined with the gravity stand exceeded my expectations . This is not a comparison with the Dewalt , I have never used that saw.I would also highly recommend the side and back support rails too . Unless Bosch redesigned the side support rail , the rail actually strikes the table locking mechanism -LRB- but it 's still usable and worth it -RRB- . I really ca n't find much to fault with this saw , but understand it is a portable table saw , so if you 're cutting large stock , it will be more difficult than a fixed . But with the table support rails and table extension , I find it more than adequate.The portability of the saw is great . Simply release the lever and the stand unfolds to a dolly like position for easy manuevering of the saw . -LRB- This is what prompted me to purchase this saw over the Dewalt . -RRB- The fence is great and all the additional hardware -LRB- extra blades , etc -RRB- can be stored on the saw base.Overall I give it 5 stars .
 I 'm a `` weekend carpenter '' , so I wo n't be knocking together any fine furniture or cabinets . Even so , I would have loved to have purchased a cabinet saw ... but I did n't want to part with a couple of grand just so I could say that the cuts on plywood and 2 x 4s were smooth as a baby 's behind and straight as a laser beam :-RRB- plus I do n't have 256 square feet of room just needing a purpose . However , I am very critical when making purchases , and did a lot of reading of reviews and such before I settled on this saw . I wholeheartedly concur with the statements in the product 's description , and the good things that other reviewers have said , with two exceptions which I 'll mention later . It took me a fair bit of time to assemble and check the adjustments , but that 's just because I am a fussbudget . As it turned out , the only adjustment that was n't spot on right out of the box was the rip fence scale . So far I 've only used the saw once -LRB- got ta come up with a project !!! -RRB- , to cut a piece of 1/4 inch plywood . I was extremely and pleasantly surprised at how quiet it is . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers that say it is noisy are used to . Or maybe I 'm just going deaf in my old age . I have a shop vac that I 'm planning to attach to the dust collector port once I start sawing any significant quantity of wood , I 'll be interested to see how that works . I love the gravity rise stand , I do n't have much open space in my basement and being able to collapse the unit and move it off to the side is very welcome . The saw feels * very * stable and rock solid . The on board storage for the fence and miter gauge is very convenient . The rip fence does move smoothly and locks solidly and squarely . And the built in table extension is very cool . Bosch did an outstanding job of getting just about everything perfect , with two minor exceptions
 I am a rookie table saw owner , but I know well made and clever design when I see it . I will limit my review to the price , design and set-up . I am a guy that likes tinkering with set up of my tools after purchase . I do n't mind a couple of hours making sure it is perfect for my use . And I do n't expect that $ 5/hr mass assembly and 3000 miles of shipping SHOULD result in a perfectly set up saw right out of the box!I spent much time researching and reading Amazon reviews before purchase - and I very much appreciate everyone 's effort . So I shall add my 2cents to the knowlege base.Much of my decision was space considerations . The stand is worth every nickel . It stores nicely , has great stablitiy and works like a charm . The sliding table is phenomenal . Just plain cool . I did n't find cheap on this saw anywhere . I usually expect to find where someone cut corners on production costs - its the way of the world , man . But everything is well thought out and made . Kudos to Bosch - Their only table saw product has really impressed me.Couple of minor glitches ; I bought the rear outfeed and left-side supports . Good decision . It really works nicely and as far as I can tell , Bosch has this going for it over the Dewalt . But the side support , when stored , conflicts with the release lever for the sliding table . You have a choice . Leave the left side extended a couple inches or release the top extension . Not a deal breaker , but annoying.My blade guard was bent out of the box and I needed to bend it straight to align with the blade . I also needed significant adjustment to align the kerf on the spreader . Again , not a big deal.The rest of the factory set-up was very good . I might have a bit of fine tuning , but certainly acceptable for out of the box accuracy.For the money , the cleverness of the design makes the Bosch a winner . I expect that I 'll find the operation of the saw to be up to my anal-retentive expectations . Best regards
 This is my second table saw . The first one was a Craftsman contractors saw that was given to me . Before purchasing this saw I spent about a month doing research on various table saws . I was going to buy the Ridgid similar to this one , but after reading countless reviews and noticing its quirkiness I decided on the Bosch . The fence stays parallel . Part of the raising/lowering system ARE plastic , but look to be very well made . It was very easy to put the saw and the stand together . I spent about an hour reading through the included manual and putting it together . Read the directions before using . It will tell you what and what not to do -LRB- obviously -RRB- . I purchased the left extension , the outfeed extension , as well as the dust bag . Overall it is an excellent saw ! Highly recommended .
 I am a contractor/carpenter that does a lot of remodeling in older homes . I pulled my old Delta Table saw around for years . I wanted something more portable . THIS SAW IS IT !! I have already used it on two big remodel jobs and it does everything that I ask of it . It is super easy to adjust and so far , it has all the power that I need . Great saw and the gravity rise stand make this the perfect saw for whatever you need to rip or crosscut . It was listed # 1 in one of my carpenter magazines and they are correct !!
 the one thing holding me back from buying this saw , i 'll admit , was it 's size . I work as a remodeling contractor and needed something portable . I was happy to see that the saw stood upright in my van and loads in and out very smoothly . Fence is great . Power is exceptional for a portable . Love the cord wrap and fence storage . just yesterday i ripped through some 1.5 '' rock `` butcherblock '' maple - and quick ... . amazing ! my only disapointment is the saw 's blade height of 31/8 '' which prohibits you from ripping a 4x4 in one pass . I know that is probably a rare need for most people , most of the time but i wonder why bosch would n't make it happen if makita can ???? oh well still the best saw , hands down . You 'll love it . Worth the extra $ $ .
 Bosch pulled out all the stops on this one . If you want a combo job site workshop table saw this is the one . Plenty of power and quiet . The gravity-rise stand is great . A bit too heavy for me to lift the saw connected to the table into the truck but apart there is not problem . Once on the stand , the saw is easy to move . I also like the storage of the miter guage , fence , and tools . Love Bosch tools .
 The saw is fabulous . I like being able to wheel it from my garage to my driveway . Does n't get dust everywhere . The saw is very accurate and not too difficult to set up.Don ' t bother with the rebate from Bosch . I will never buy another rebate related item .
 All in all this is a great product . My only problem has been with cutting deep boards . Now I admit that the saw really is n't designed to cut boards deeper than about 6 '' , but once in a while I need to . When attempting this , the mitre gauge tends to catch when the gauge 's body meets the table.I have looked for solutions to allow me to cut deeper boards , but Bosch does n't have anything . I can remember my fathers table saw , a old 1956 Shopmaster -LRB- Sears -RRB- , that had a 7 `` w x 9 `` d extension with mitre slot that you could add to the front of the saw to hold the gauge true for those deep cuts . If something like that was available , I would have given it a 5 star .
 Great instructions for setting up folding table - very clear with large print and good illustrations . Saw is pretty much ready to operate as delivered . I love how smoothly the fence slides . Blade is easy to adjust . Hide-away table extension is great . Ca n't ask for much more in a table saw . Excellent purchase !
 I looked at a couple other saws with wheeled stands and was n't impressed at all . So chinsy ! The Bosch was bigger and seemed more sturdy so I had to get it . Set up took about an hour and the blade and fence were true right out of the box . Its big , seems powerful and is easy to use . The wheeled stand is really nice , although the saw by itself is really light ... much lighter than my Bosch miter saw . That made me think - Why did n't I save the $ 100 or so and get the one with the little red folding stand ? Then I started thinking - Why did n't I just get a more permanent saw on a small roller cart for the same price ? Like the Grizzly 1.5 hp model ? The Grizzly is about $ 550 - $ 600 with a little shop stand , this Bosch is $ 500 - $ 550 . The only reason I could think of was the fact that my shop doubles as my garage . If I did n't have to pack up all of my tools at the end of the day , then I would have gone with the Grizzly or similar saw - something more suited for cabinetry . That 's my only regret so far .
 I 've given this saw 5 stars prematurely based on hands on at Lowes . I just did n't want to prejudice the scores while getting this note out.Unfortunately , I have yet to unpack my own . I write now to provide advice to at least one other reviewer . Bosch is aware of the issue that some left side extensions do n't fit up tight . I spoke to them the other day and they have a free update kit . Simply call their customer service number and tell them you have the left side extension with the problem and they 'll send it right out.As for my review -- I ca n't wait for the weekend when I 'll have time to put it through its paces . More then !
 Bosch did a great job with the stand and portability engineering with this saw . The saw is great too and gives the intended performance at the site with solid performance .
 This saw is a pleasure to use . I had a good 30 year old cast iron 10 '' Delta Contractor 's with wheels and a belt driven motor . I loaned it to a friend for several years and it had vanished when I checked to get it back -LRB- long story -RRB- . Now , after having just bought and used this Bosch saw , I would n't take my trusty old saw back even if it somehow shows up again . The features , accuracy , and portability of this saw are outstanding . I did disassemble the fence and put in a shim -LRB- a piece of electrical tape -RRB- so the fence is perfectly 90 degrees vertical now . It had leaned to the left a tad and it was just a 10 minute operation to correct . Plese excuse me now , I think I have something to saw .
 My wife needed these for a table , and wanted a pack of four . She found them on Amazon , and since I have an account , asked me to order them.I found them for a 75 cents a package , so I order six packages just to justify the shipping . Never know when you need more!Now , they are $ 13.68 for the same package , so watch your pricing !!! A quality product , nevertheless .
 Good starter kit . Good selection of grits to choose from . It 'd been nice to have 600grit thrown in there .
 I purchased the 1775E to tuckpoint a 100 + year old brick wall in my basement . I did purchase a blade because of one of the reviews on the site said it did not come with one . To my surprise , it did come with a blade , so now I have two . This is quite alright because I am tuckpointing the entire basement of this house . I could n't be happier with this tool , it does exactly what Bosch said it would do.When purchased , I wanted to use the 1775E with my 12 gallon 5hp Shop-Vac with the 2 inch opening ... I purchased the VAC020 attachment and it fit perfectly into the hose of the vacuum . To my utter shock there is no airborne dust to speak of when this tool is plugged into the vacuum . I am working in the basement tried to grind with and without the vacuum attachment , the difference is night and day . Without the vacuum attachment , I could grind for moments and was engulfed in dust , with the shopvac engaged there is NO dust whatsoever . Just remember to get a new filter and a nice bag for the vac and you are set .
 The optional dust collection hose is a must , because it makes it so darn easy to work with . It definitely came with the blade , and the depth control was key to making this job so much easier . Powerful motor , and nice long cord . Switch is well sealed , since you are working so dusty . It does throw alot of rocks at your face , so get a shield .
 I 've been using this for about 1 month and I am very satisfied . Not only does this really keep the dust level down , but it also has lots of power for a quick , clean cut . My only complaint is that it is kind of heavy , and it does get tiring to use because of this . But overall , I 'm glad I bought this .
 Bought to repoint by 150 yr old foundation . Grinding was a breeze and the built-in dust removal cover works great . Just hook it up to the shopvac and go . Not too heavy , so fatigue was never an issue . One of the cleanest repointing projects I have ever done . Just make sure you get the right blade thickness for your job .
 I 've had a couple of other items based on the same effort . I have a house and carriage house over 160 years old , and a previous owner did a very poor job of trying to patch some problem brick and mortar . Using this tool , along with the others that I got on Amazon , I learned quickly how to make the fixes look professional . Others in the area tell me that they ca n't tell the difference between my efforts and those professionals they hired at expensive rates . So I 'm very pleased with the tools that made it much easier for me to fix an unsightly earlier effort by a previous owner .
 The diamond blade for this grinder is very expensive , so before I ordered , I called to make sure that a blade was included , and was assured that it was . NOT SO
 No need to look or shop around , this is the one that you want . And we all know that Bosch makes great tools and this is no exception .
 Now that I have it , I ca n't live without it -- Highly recommend
 This tool is a must . After using it for one year , I 'm never going back to a manual stapler . Not only it requires less effort than the hand powered stapler , but the electric stapler is much more reliable , more accurate accurate and much faster.The tool is primary a stapler , but it can shoot small brad nails , which is very convenient . However , the short brad nails are only useful for very small projects.The tool jams from time to time , like any stapler , but the feeding channel is easily disassembled to clear the jam . Jamming has never been an issue , but I do n't know whether the jams are more frecuent than with other staplers . The shooting mechanism is made of thick steel , and it looks very robust .
 this stapler is one of the best that I have used . Been working under my mobile home replacing the insulation and a seal on the bottom . This stapler never missed a stroke no jam ups . Glad I bought it . Would recommend to all .
 Not necessarily a review of the product because I ordered it for a Christmas gift for my husband but I am terribly disappointed in the price . I just found the exact item from another on line store $ 34.00 cheaper . Quite a difference . My mistake . I just assumed getting through Amazon would be the cheapest .
 Good product , I would recommend it .
 I recently bought this staple/nail gun for my wife . It has the ability to drive BN1810 nails -LRB- 5/8 '' 18 gauge brad nails -RRB- and 6 sizes of T50 staples -LRB- 1/4 '' , 5/16 '' , 3/8 '' , 1/2 '' , 9/16 '' , 17/32 '' -RRB- . We have used it as a stapler to reupholster chairs . For this purpose , this tool is wonderful . It effortlessly staples through the thick vinyl fabric and into the wood of the seat . This tool saves a lot of time and effort . You do need to hold the unit firmly against the chair for the staples to properly penetrate the chair ; otherwise you get a little kickback resulting in imperfect results . This is to be expected because of the light weight nature of this tool . A much heavier air based gun would n't have as much of a kickback problem , simply because it weighs so much more . So keep this in mind . Hold the tool firmly , and you should be very happy with the results.Because the storage case is designed to be light weight , it is not as tough as I would like , but everything fits nicely into the storage case and there is room for plenty of nails and staples . The cord is long enough for most jobs . The tool fits nicely in the hand . It works great . We have n't had any problems with it.There is one negative to this tool . No where on this tool is there information about the sizes of staples it can use . It just says it takes T50 staples . This means if you lose the instructions , and forget what sizes to use , you will simply have to guess . Another tool we looked at buying had this information printed right on the tool . However , it did n't come with a storage case , and was n't as well built.As a nailer that accepts only 5/8 '' brad nails , it is not that useful . There is a nail set attachment -LRB- ETF50XP -RRB- which I do n't have that you can get for this tool that makes it more useful as a nailer . I tested it stand alone on tough oak . It will drive the 5/8 '' brad nails perfectly into tough oak without a problem . Again , follow the instructions and put force on the unit as shown and you wo n't have any problems . This is quite a powerful tool if used right . Many of the complaints in other reviews are caused by kickback , which is from people misusing the tool . If you do n't hold it right , you will get kickback and bad results . Like any other tool , take the time to learn to use it properly.Like many other tool users , I 've found that cordless tools are more of a pain then they are worth . The batteries get bad fast . You end up buying batteries all the time . Without new freshly charged batteries , most cordless tools become very unreliable . Nothing is worse than using a cordless tool only to find that the batteries are drained 5 minutes after you just started your project ! I am glad Arrow made this a corded unit and put a long cord on it so you 'll pretty much never need an extension cord for it.I highly recommend this product . It is very light weight , easy to use , has a long cord , fits nicely in the hands , is well built , very powerful , and does n't require an inconvenient air compressor .
 Arrow Fastener ETFX 50 Heavy Duty Professional Electric Staple and Nail GunI bought this staple gun for my wife to use when installing insulation as part of a whole house renovation . Her hand is n't strong enough to use a manual stapler for very long . It also works well for chair upholstering and similar chores.Pros : - It 's sufficiently powerful to drive 9/16 '' staples into hardwood . - No misfires , jams , double-staples , etc. ; after firing many thousands of staples . - Sufficiently light , well balanced , and a nice handle , to use all day with comfort . - You can staple to the edge of the tool , since nothing protrudes beyond the `` muzzle '' . - The staple magazine and the locking slide is all steel . It works easily every time , and it 's intuitive . - The 10 ' cord results in no extension cord most of the time . - A parts list is provided , with reasonable prices . - The blow-molded case actually works pretty well , and protects the tool when carrying or storing . There 's some room for spare staples or nails , but not much . - Takes 6 sizes of T50 staples -LRB- 1/4 '' , 5/16 '' , 3/8 '' , 1/2 '' , 9/16 '' , 17/32 '' -RRB- . - It 's electric with a 100 % duty cycle , which means it can used it all day with no breaks . Also , no air-compressor -LRB- and hose -RRB- is needed . - It fires BN1810 nails -LRB- 5/8 '' 18 gauge brad nails -RRB- , but since I own two air-pin-nailers , we have no need for another pin nailer.Cons : - The trigger lock is located where your right thumb goes , if right-handed . As a result , it 's easy to mistakenly set the trigger lock . - The electric cord is plastic and very stiff , especially in cold weather . A flexible rubber cord , which nearly all top-end tools use , would be a big improvement . - A larger magazine would have been nice . - The tool will fire if it 's empty , which it should n't do . - There 's a staple `` view port '' near the nose . But it 's so small , you ca n't tell if there are 6 staples remaining , or 100 . The tool should have a much larger/longer port , so you could see if it needs reloading before climbing a ladder , etc. - The staple slide has to be completely removed and set aside to reload . After sliding in a new pack of staples , you reinsert the slide . A better designed stapler would work like any air nailer , where you never remove a slide from the tool . - Several Amazon reviewers had major troubles with their stapler ; from frequent jams to tool failure . It has a pathetic 90-day warranty , when one year is the industry standard . Although mine has worked fine , perhaps Arrow uses multiple factories to make it , which could explain the inconsistent quality.Other : - There 's some recoil , but it 's minor , and as long as the business end of the tool is held firmly against the wood , the staple seats all the way . Another stapler sufficiently heavy to eliminate most recoil would n't be as comfortable to use all day . If the tool is held weakly against the wood , the tool recoil might keep the staple from seating -LRB- i.e. , operator error -RRB- . - Arrow rates this tool at 10-amp with a 14-amp surge . `` Surge amps '' can be misleading for tools like vacuum cleaners or circular saws , since normal running amps is the important number . However , an electric stapler 's entire cycle lasts about 1/4 of a second , so surge amperage is the key indicator of power . This thing draws lots of amps ; a staple hit a nail head once and tripped a 20 amp circuit breaker as a result .
 I like well designed tools.In my youth I grew to hate Phillips and slotted screws and drivers because they would always ` strip out ' . I now appreciate Klein , Snap-on , Wiha , Wera , PB-Swiss , Felo and more.The Felo M-Tec series is flat-out the best screw holding screwdriver -LRB- for steel screws -RRB- . It uses a spring loaded circular magnet in a collar about the bit.This keeps the screw connected and in perfect alignment.The rest of the driver is quality materials and excellent tip design.Try one ... you will be hooked !
 I finally had a project to justify getting a $ 100 level . I was residing my home and needed a level that I could depend on . Thinking back to all those carpenters on job sites past with their Stabila levels ; I went ahead and bought this level on blind trust.I found myself getting frustrated installing a trim board around my home . The back had been installed many years ago and I was continuing the trim 50 ' around both sides to the front of a basic 4 sided home . As I came to the front , there was almost an 11/2 '' difference in my trim pieces being at the same level with each other . I was going to take this level and return it to sender in pieces . I had bought this level so that I would n't have to deal with this ! That evening when the sun went down , I brought out a fan laser to find out where the Stabila did me wrong . Imagine my surprise when I found out that both sides total discrepancy were within less than an 1/8 '' of where they should be . The problem was the already installed board I was going off of , the jokers who installed 30 ' of trim board literally put it in an 13/8 '' out of level which meant that my side pieces were at different elevations from the get go and there was no way they would line up if installed level.Bottom line is that I 'm very pleased with the Stabila as it does what it 's supposed to , Keeps you on the level .
 Stabila ... I need not say morebest professional levels out there.I 've got 3 of them and use them all the time.Professional commercial frame and door installer
 I LOVE THE GRIPPING POWER OF THE MAGNETS ON THIS LEVEL . IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO PULL OFF . VERY EASY TO READ AS WELL .
 This Clevis Pin Assortment has a nice range of single hole Clevis Pins that are handy for the odd repair or project . We needed two of the pins from this set for a project in my wife 's shop and decided to order the assortment so we would have extras on hand the next time we need them.These are good enough quality but come somewhat greasy . The six compartment plastic container is convenient but nothing special and there is an insert that indicates the sizes contained in each slot.These worked well for my needs , recommended!CFH
 I ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- 24 '' and an 18 '' . Very nice quality and weight . . not flimsy at all . True to color.Be aware that the bracket you mount on the wall is inside the end piece and you loosen the set screw underneath to take it out to mount it . -LRB- At least mine was . -RRB- Easy to put up . Since I was putting 2 side by side , I taped the cardboard guides to the wall , leveled them and drilled my holes thru the paper . Removed cardboard , popped in the drywall anchors , screwed in the mounting piece and then attached the end pieces.Very simple.I bought at least 2 of them used - like new condition and they were fine . Arrived in large shipping box so as not to get bent .
 Lovely design , pretty easy to install , looks wonderful in the bath . Very high quality at an affordable price . Perfectly satisfied .
 The overall fit and finish were very nice . The mounting hardware was well engineered . The only improvements would be to include instructions that actually address the use of the mounting template . Also , the template itself is off just ever so slightly as to complicate the installation .
 Product was in stock , at a very competitive price , plus the Prime shipping made this a very good Amazon deal . The Kohler system is very high quality and coordinated with other Kohler products .
 This tool is very easy to use , accurate and well priced . I highly recommend it !
 This device is a little pricy , but worth it . It takes all the guesswork out of finding studs on center . It did not disappoint .
 Just make sure you hold the unit flat against the wall , and not perpendicular . Other than that it 's easy to use , and you have to hold the button down to use it , so there 's no risk of leaving it on when not using it . The display is easy to read , and the laserlight marks the center of the beam with a beep as well .
 I use this at work -LRB- metal studs -RRB- and home and it has been dead on every time . Very , Very happy with this product .
 I only used it once to mount a 42 '' plasma flat screen on the wall . Worked flawlessly and my TV has n't fell thanks to finding a stud with this unit !
 This stud finder is the best I ever used , it will find the center of a stud . Dead on !!! I am using it while hanging drywall , it has n't failed me yet .
 I bought this at the local Home Depot . it works great as described . I used it for a wall mount for my 32 '' LCD . Picked up center of stud consistently each time .
 I have tried many , but this one one seems to do a very good job at finding electric and studs . Cant beat for the price.But I always feel like all the stud finders I have used will give varying results for the same job ... this one was no different , but did get around the same reading every time.It also has a `` sensitive '' mode which works well with really thick walls -LRB- or thin studs too probably -RRB-
 I tested this on a wall that I had already found the studs using the old finishing nail test . It was dead on center every time . I really did n't expect it to work as well as it does , so I 'm very happy . This is going to save me hours of work .
 I bought this to mount my new 42 '' LCD TV . I compared this to other models , and bought this one because it found the center of the stud , and located hot electrical wires . This accurately found the studs , fits nicely in my hand , and has a laser light on top that lights when the stud center is found . It came with a battery so I was ready to go right out of the box .
 This product works ! Was very sceptical of purchasing an electronic stud finder due to all the bad reviews I 've read on many different brands . Saw a display of the i65 at a hardware store that allowed you to test it out on their prearranged stud , worked , even worked finding studs on nearby store walls . Works at home as well on everything I 've used thus far . Save your time and money and just buy the Zircon i65 !
 To my surprise this thing really works comparing to my old stud finder . I find it working better if I sweep slowly across the surface area back and forth . As other reviewers said the AC detector is a big plus . I 'm sure no one want to drill into an AC wire ! If you 're looking for a stud finder that really works , this is it .
 Bought it specifically because it tells you if there is electrical behind the beams -- and it also tells you if you are in the center of the beam -- very useful for placing photos or other things on the wall . Have used it several times with no problem at all . Works great .
 I needed to hang my new TV on the wall . The instructions for the wall mount were very specific about finding the center of the stud to ensure the bracket would hold the weight of the TV . This baby did the job ... it worked as advertised !
 I used this to find studs to mount a 46 '' Samsung LCD . It 's a heavy screen and I would prefer that it did n't fall off the wall . This finder found the studs it was looking for , BUT it took a lot of checks and rechecks since they are behind about 3/4 '' of plaster and 1/2 '' plaster board -LRB- I think that 's what it 's called -RRB- . In the end there were no holes drilled in vein and the TV is mounted firmly to the wall.Oh yeah , it also warned me of a live wire in the wall . That was nice . : P
 I was worried cause some of the of the reviews said it could n't even find studs . well , it does for me .
 Good product works just fine I 'm the one who sucks at handyman work , no all jokes aside there are much more expensive stud finders out there . This is all you need .
 DID NOT HAVE ANY PROBLEM USING THIS PRODUCT . IT WORKED EVERY TIME I USED IT . I LIKE THE LITTLE INFRARED LIGHT
 On simple , fairly smooth , walls it works well enough . Identifying the center of studs is very helpful . I was surprised by several things though . The pkg implies the deep sensing mode for thick walls occurs automatically - it does n't . You must double-click the on/off button until the `` stud '' sensor flashes - it messed me up until I read the manual . The unit is worse than useless on interior walls that are insulated . I have a number of interior walls insulated for sound-deadening and the unit identified random spots as having studs . I never could get a read on any stud on an insulated wall . Lastly , I have heavily textured walls and a thin layer of cardboard is recommended between the wall and the Zircon for optimal reading -LRB- the manual says so -RRB- . Now that I review these issues I can understand them , but I did n't anticipate them as problems before purchasing the i65 .
 I bought an el-cheapo Stanley stud finder , and I could n't even calibrate the thing . Never found anything . I guess you get what you pay for.The Zircon i65 simply worked . It 's very simple to use and is quite accurate.My local Home Depot sells it for a few cents lower than Amazon .
 The stud finder is easy to read and the wire reader also works . I ca n't find any studs by just knocking so I need a stud finder .
 I tested it in my house on studs that I was already aware of . Did n't miss a beat . . This device works like a charm .
 I have used the Zircon 60371 StudSensor several times on different drywalls in different houses since receiving it . I like the way it feels and operates . It is clearly easier to hold and operate , and I have used a number of different brands . I like the laser which indicates fairly accurately the center of the stud . However , sometimes you must start the sensor multiple times to locate a stud . In trying to find studs on a wallpapered wall where I really wanted to find the stud for sure and not cause any unsightly trial and error marks , I had to try three times , starting from different locations on the wall to get the Sensor to locate the studs . I eventually did find the studs , but it was not as simple and with as much certainty as I had hoped it would be . I encountered similar difficulties on a plain sheetrock wall in another house.I have owned a number of less expensive electronic stud sensors of other brands and used less expensive Zircon studsensors . While I am hoping to find that the above mentioned problem was merely an anomaly , and not indicative of the overall detection ability of the sensor itself , I have not found that the Zircon 60371 is any better , if as good as some of the other sensors in detecting studs.The Zircon 60371 did detect the presence of live circuits and this can really be a major plus , but as far as the capability of finding studs with a sense of certainty in various types of walls , I am a bit disappointed !
 1/15/06Every now and then , one purchases a product that exceeds their expectations . I am refurbishing a new home which was flooded due to hurricane KATRINA . I can not tell you how much time the stud sensor has saved in hanging all of our mirrors , painings , and wall decorations . I would guess it cuts the time in half.Thanks for supplying a great product.SincerelyJoseph Barrerajoerx@cox.net
 I purchased this tool to find studs when hanging moulding , cabinets , shelves and other items by my customers . Although it is pretty accurate and more reliable than previous models that are deemed a value this unit does it 's job . The one problem I have is the laser does not shine strong or long enough to be effective . It shines when you hit the center which is a great visual aid . I would like to see it shoot longer to where you do not have to be right where you are placing the item to mark . If the laser would shine for a foot or two it would keep you from having to in my case get a ladder when hanging crown .
 This is my third stud finder and the best one that I have owned . I have an old Sears one and a newer Zircon . This one outperforms them all . It is easy to use and fits good in my hand . Every one that I work with asks to borrow it and they all like it .
 I am pleased with this product . I bought it for hanging speakers and running wires in my media room . Found the studs w / no trouble & did not get electrocuted ... so I am happy .
 My review is obviously not in agreement with most others but i believe it is very fair and accurate.I am 61 and have been carpentering since I was 16 . I am retired but still work as a consultant for an emergency restoration company on very hard jobs in the renovation of homes after fire , flood and mold damage . I have used all four types of nailers including hand nail sets , electric . pneumatic -LRB- air drive -RRB- both portable and connected to an air compressor as well as manual hammer driven hardwood floor nailers.I am not connected with Arrow company in any way !! . The tool is used is the second version which tells me the first probably had flaws or why upgrade it . It takes a lot of power to drive a narrow nail through wood especially oak or maple and if you look at most expensive commercial nailers they have large heavy heads for the drive mechanism . A manual floor nailer has a one inch drive head that you slam with a three inch mallet that then transfers all this force to a single wire nail 1/16th inch wide . Even then they wo n't set all the time which is why they sell a `` Bostitch manual nail setter '' with most mallet nailers.Air drive nailers are expensive , heavy and also split and break moldings if you are not careful ! This is an inexpensive electric nailer that will drive nails within its ' limitations which is where I believe the negative ratings come from.My bet is most people did not take the time to read the instructions carefully . First is power and this tool pulls over 10 amps which is a huge electric load but that is why there is a 16 gauge cord on it . If you connect this to any typical extension cord you will have trouble since they are usually 18 gauge -LRB- higher number means smaller wire -RRB- and will not power this nailer.The gauge is listed along the side if the cord if you look close.A 12 gauge extension cord is expensive at half of one hundred dollars or more for 50 feet -RRB- which is why it 's real nice to have this 10 feet cord.If you can not reach an electrical outlet you will need the heavy extension cord.Even the outlet is no good if it is powering another heavy electrical load -LRB- fridge , freezer , washing machine -RRB- at the same time.Next is nailing cycle which is 20 nails per minute which means you can not go `` pow pow pow '' like an air nailer but you have to go `` pow ; count 3 seconds and pow again '' . This most like prevents overheating and I suspect charges a condenser for power . You also have to put heavy pressure and the head -LRB- use both hands -RRB- to prevent rebound.I know that is hard when putting up moldings in awkward areas but it may help to tack it with one hand in a couple of spots with one hand and then go back and use the 2 hand method.Also you should know that all wood is not wood and many moldings and materials you are nailing them onto are composed of resins , glues and other extremely hard substances made to appear like wood . In old homes `` white wood '' which is fir , spruce or pine gets very hard as it ages . . especially spruce . If you are nailing into a knot you will see nails sticking out.I have no problem using this to set moldings in place even if I have to go back with a nail set and finish the job where I ca n't use two hands . So it boils down to you get what you pay for and this tool for its ' low price does all the things I want it to do instead of several hundred dollars for air nailers , compressors etc. . I have free access to all of those but this is much easier and handier.The only negatives I have with this tool is the safety slide switch above the trigger gets bumped very easily into the off position when you are twisting your hand around in tight spots.Too much safety is not a real issue.Also it would be nice to see Arrow come out with a multiple nail pack of the four sizes instead of separate 1,000 packs . hope this helps
 GREAT UNIT VERY POWERFULL I MUST NOTE THERE WERE TWO VERSION OF THIS UNIT THE 2ND ONE IS THE BETTER OF THE TWO . I HAD THE FIRST AND HAD TO RETURN IT BECAUSE IT WAS MALFUNCTIONING . MOST OF THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS WERE I BELIEVE FROM THIS OLDER MODEL . THE NEWER MODEL SAYS Arrow Fastener ET200 Heavy Duty Electric Nail Gun . . VER .2
 usually poor reviews on tools are from ppl who dont know how to use them . like saying a circular saw wont cut straight or a drill wont sink a screw straight . i 've been using this to install crown moulding , chair rail and base with 11/4 inch brads and as long as you keep enough pressure on it to keep the gun from hopping off the surface it sinks them all the way into the moulding and plaster , which is harder than sheetrock . if you daintily hold any nailgun and allow it to hop it will fail because instead of pushing the nail in you are allowing it to push the gun away .
 Arrow Fastener ET200 Heavy Duty Electric Nail GunThis nail gun is a great time save for working with wood trim . Does not work as well with plastic/particle board trim . I am installing new pre-hung doors and once the door frames are structurally attached , nailing the trim is fast and easy.As noted you do have to maintain pressure on the gun to get a sood countersink on the nail . Any heads left standing are best driven as flush as possible with a hammer and then use a nail set -LRB- this prevents the problem of bending naill with nail set -RRB- . Although the other reviews almost talked me out of the purchase , I am enjoying using this nail gun .
 For the tool to work properly , there are two -LRB- 2 -RRB- main considerations
 I was looking for another gun and saw this in the store and it sounded good . When I read the reviews I started to worry so I `` took it out for a drive '' . Mine says 2 and it worked very well . I nailed a dowel rod -LRB- pretty hard wood -RRB- on to a piece of woon that I commonlt used . Nailed it fine ! Not as powerful as a commercial unit but not priced as such either . The ver 2 must be better . So far I have no complaints .
 It works very well . The only thing that i do not like about is that the light cover keeps falling off when I use it . Otherwise , it is a good nail gun for trim work .
 I bought this for my husband after he saw it in a magazine . He has n't used it alot but says it will do the job for anything he wants to use it for .
 After reading all the reviews that rated this tool so poorly , I almost did n't buy one ; for once , I 'm glad I ignored the reviews . This is a nail gun and you need to use it like a real gun ... hold it SECURELY against whatever you 're nailing - if you do n't the recoil will drive the nail gun away from the target and you 'll get poor penetration . I 've nailed 3/4 '' oak trim to an MDF substrate with no problems . This is a great tool if you know how to use it .
 I am very pleased with the Arrow ET200 Electric Nail Gun . I have used it for moulding and paneling and am very happy with the way it works . It allows me to pin the thin moulding in place and then go along the length of the moulding to secure it in place . I can hold the moulding in place one-handed and use the ET200 with the other hand . Much , much easier than trying to use a hammer , nail and nail set . I have also used it to install bead-board type paneling as wainscoting in a bathroom . Again , the ET200 allows me to get into hard-to-reach places that using a hammer & nail would be more difficult.I am very satisfied and extremely glad I purchased it .
 I found that this item loses power when used with extension cord , but when plugged directly into the wall , worked fine for attaching trim neatly . The cord included is 10 ' , so luckily , we had outlets close enough to get all the way around the house for our project . It can accept brads anywhere from 5/8 '' to 11/4 '' , so pretty convenient for us .
 I almost took the ET200 back to the store . I pulled it out of the case , loaded it with 11/4 '' brads , and started shooting into walls and trim around the house . I experienced the same problems that are often cited here , i.e. brads refusing to drive fully into the surface.Then , I read the instructions . Guess what ! It worked , over and over again ! The biggest change came when I changed out the extension cord I had been using to a new 12 gauge heavy duty extension cord . The power out of the nail gun must have increased two fold . Secondly , I made sure that the nail gun was up tight and flush with the wood and angled as close to 90 degrees to the wood as possible.Now all the 11/4 '' brads are being driven fully into the wood window casings and base trim I am currently installing around the house . And I am so glad I did n't go out and buy one of those $ 300 pneumatic nail guns to complete my personal projects . This is NOT a gun for professionals . But it is perfect for the homeowner who has some weekend projects to complete.The ET200 warrants a five star rating to me because of the utility it delivers for the price . This is `` cheap entertainment '' as they say , and great value.Enjoy !
 Before purchasing this i mulled the choice between electric and pneumatic nailers . I chose the electric because of the major price saving . It worked great on soft woods
 I was given this as a gift after I complained a lot that I hated doing finish work . Then , after a year with no trim in our newly renovated bathroom , this made the job seem easier , and I finished it . I like it.Just recently , I pulled my ET200 out of the basement to use on some 1x6 pine boards we are using as facia around a couple of eaves over some doors on the side of the house . The nailer left the nails hanging out about a half an inch . After some deducting reasoning , I discovered that the 100 ' drop cord we were using was the culprit.After I replaced the long drop chord with a 20 ' -LRB- and larger gauge -RRB- drop cord , the nailer worked perfectly . It definitely made the job quicker , easier , and more enjoyable.This nailgun has worked well for everything except nailing through maple and oak . For the price , this was a worthwhile purchase for me .
 I bought this because I wanted close to a 3/4 '' roundover on a bass guitar that I 'm building , but my router only has a 1/4 '' shank size , so this is the closest size I could find . The price was great on this one compared to other brands and it works really well . Very smooth rounding on the first pass on a combination of soft and hard woods that are glued together and it 's still in great shape . The ball bearing made everything easier , all I had to do was keep it against the edge of the wood and it guided itself .
 This is a very solid router bit . You 've seen the comparisons online and probably wondered how this can be so much cheaper than the others . Do n't be fooled by the naysayers who try to make non-premium brands like this one seem sub-par . This Vermont American router bit is not a sub-par product . I used it for an outdoor project -LRB- rounding over a hand railing for a deck -RRB- and it worked like a charm . Granted , the wood I routed is soft , so I can not speak for its performance on , say , Brazilian Cherry . But I was very hapy with this purchase , considering the alternative was about four times as expensive .
 I wo n't elaborate on the details that others have already pointed out . I will simply say that I build furniture and have done so for years . I have used many sanders . This Bosch is absolutely amazing ... . It is sturdy , it has the power , and is smooooth handling . Makes sanding large or small projects a pleasure .
 Excellent sander , but not a palm sander . If you try sanding old fascia still hanging with this one , you are either a world class weight lifter or you wo n't succeed . Love the precise handling and raw power to take off materials , but will probably pick up the small palm for small jobs or jobs that are overhead in-place pieces.The 6 &#34; disks are available all over , and I have sanded very narrow wood with this , almost a planer on some small wood . Good tool .
 This Bosch 3727 DEVS Sander beat my expectations . I ordered the vac connector , and sanding discs at the same time . What a great combination . It came shortly before Christmas . I was working on a project using old , finished walnut , that had been a church pew . This sander hooked to the shop vac left no dust and made a silky smooth surface . I am really happy with this purchase .
 We use it to finish some of our production materials . It is extremely smooth and delivers superior quality results . I would recommend this product highly over the competition , it is worth the couple extra dollars for quality and durability .
 I build one-of-a-kind furniture . This is my first random orbital sander.When I sand a panel that has board grains perpendicular to each other , then I do n't have to sand `` with the grain '' . When I sand adjoining perpenducular grains then they both look great.I love this sander !
 I purchased a Bosch 3727 for work on a pole barn that I am building , and for my cabinet work . I have found it to be a great tool with all the power and sanding ability that i need.Phil Romans
 I have used this sander for at least 30 hours a month for a year hooked to a festool tool vac . I had no problems with it in all that time . The sander was also 2 years old before I started using it . Other than just wearing out the hook and loop pad a few times it is a solid sander . Most of the sanding I do is making solid wood flush to plywood without sanding through the veneer for mantels , lids to desks and the like . The sander has good control and is very stable dust control is very good with the use of a tool vac . I will never sand without a vac saves the tools motor and your lungs .
 This is an excellent sander . It is ergonomicaly superior to the old style sanders and is lighter and more powerful . The price point from Amazon was one of the factors in my purchase . I look forward to many years of use .
 I have owned this tool for approximately one year and am a hobbyist woodworker . This past summer , I used this sander to completely sand my entire wrap around deck . I ran this steady , eight hours per day for about four days , and it did not miss a beat . I also use is at least twice per month for woodworking projects . I have never had any problems . It is a very strong and reliable tool .
 I 'd already tried out this tool in person before I purchased it from Amazon . I 'd read about it on Fine Woodworking where they ranked it closely to a $ 280 Makita and a Festool . That puts it in pretty good company . It 's got a lot of power and the dust collection is very good -- especially when hooked up to a vacuum . The only complaint I have is that it 's not really made for small hands like mine . That makes it tiresome when used for an extended period of time . In all fairness , none of the 6-inch models I 've tried were any better ergonomically . Bosch as a brand can be rather hit-or-miss , but this is a solid tool and I have every expectation that it would have lasted a very long time , had I not received a used and abused , re-packed model from amazon . The factory seal was broken on the first model I received and it died 30 minutes after I started using it . Amazon customer service was excellent and they shipped a `` new '' one quickly , but the factory seal on the second one was broken as well . Amazon has a problem with their fulfillment center and they are selling re-packed items . I 'm going to go back to purchasing power tools and electronics at my local woodworking and hardware stores . It 's worth $ 10 - $ 25 extra price to get something that I know has n't been used before .
 When I refinished the wood floors in part of my house a few years ago , instead of renting an edge sander I tried my new Bosch 6 '' randome orbit instead . Wow - this thing can really remove material ! It 's become my favorite sander for cutting through old finishes and removing wood - I use it in places where I 'd have used a belt sander in the past . Put a 32 grit pad on it and watch the sawdust fly.The variable speed means you can use it for everything from rough cutting to fine sanding and polishing . Great tool .
 This sander is great ! It 's light , powerfull , nice to hold and work with , and is about as quiet as is possible . The random orbit sanding does such a fantastic , smooth job . And the variable speed really comes in handy making it very versatile for lots of different kinds of jobs . It works great for quick , abrasive , heavy stock removal . I 've used it to prep walls for painting . And it also does a fantastic job on delicate fine wood finish sanding . I 've worked for years with my Makita square palm sander and was a little aprehensive to going to a circular sander . And I 've tried a couple of other brands that had a higher wattage motors but this Bosch is the one . The others including my Makita are Noisy , Heavy and less powerfull . This one put them all to shame in power , weight , ease of use and versatility . The dust collection actually works very well too with it hooked up to my shop vac via the seperate adapter you have to buy . Love It ! ! !
 This is a great tool , it 's smooth , low vibration , fairly light , agressive , strong motor . I used it to sand KLEER pvc sheets for 2 days straight , all day long . It did n't miss a beat . The 6 '' dia . pad covers alot of ground compared to 5 '' . The filter/dust collection system supprisingly works pretty well , although it does n't get all the dust . Do n't hesitate to buy this tool .
 I 'm a professional woodworker making furniture and cabinets , this is my second Bosch sander , the first one lasted 4 years being used almost every day !! so I 'm happy with that . -LRB- I could still fix it if I wanted too -RRB- This is an awsome sander for the price , dust pickup is great , I use my mostly with a vaccum and there is almost no dust . Great power , low vibration , all arround a fantastic sander for under $ 150 .
 I bought it mainly to sand down the inner skin of a cored floor deck in my fiberglass boat . Because I am sanding fiberglass , I am afraid that fiberglass particles may get onto my skin and make me feeling itchy . Therefore , I am trying this sander to see if its dust collection function can do the job in catching most of the dusts . I am not disappointed . After using it for half a day , I only see very few dust in the air -LRB- probably coming from two instances when I pulled the extension hose too hard and the hose came off from the sander -RRB- . And the exposed area of my skin did n't feel itchy either -LRB- the rest was covered with protective suit -RRB- . I rate its dust collection function as very good.As for its sanding capability , it sands quite fast . This is really not a surprise to me , and is totally expected . The reason is that I uses 60-grit sand paper , and its large 6 '' diameter sanding surface also helped.I am very satisfied with this sander . I previously bought a Porter Cable 6 '' random orbital sander that I intended to use it to sand the deck of the boat . Honestly , I have never used it to do any sanding . Now , I use the Porter Cable sander strictly as a polisher for polishing and waxing my car , and it does a very good job . Now , this Bosch sander does all the heavy duty sander . I love both.Of course , for removing a lot of material in a hurry -LRB- like creating a tapered edge along a fiberglass skin -RRB- , I think using an angle-grinder is MUCH faster than any sander . The problem is that angle-grinder can kick up a ton of dusts -LRB- and itchy fiberglass particles -RRB- , and I can not find a way to collect the dust effectively . From now on , I will give this Bosch 6 '' sander a try before taking out the angle-grinder . Thanks for listening .
 Never give a tool a 5 star rating , but this Bosch sander rates as high as I go . Used this sander all day removing chatter marks off stain grade cedar siding , so I got a good feel of what this tool can do ... and I was very impressed ! - The fact that it is a 6 '' pad made it feel much more stable than a 5 '' I 'm use to using.-The orbital action is aggressive , but can be variably dialed down.-Dust collection is surprisingly good , much better than a cloth bag . Cover of collector seems a bit hard to remove.-Well designed
 Sanders its very good.We sand 2 side our log cabin.Me and my husband with two same sanders did this job for 4 days-was raw wood-to many stain somwhere.After for days one sanders start make diferent noise and was hot.Mayby bering.We goin to factory-they goin chcek for us.Can hapen any sanders.But we goin to use again in july for one more side of the house-we are hapy with this sanders.We goin to use for porch to.We have more sanders and this is very good for raw wood.We use with 40 grid sanders papers.We recomend this model if you lokin for something strong , for more woodwork .
 Just got my bosch sander , It is awsome the operation is so smooth , but can be so powerful . Im excited
 I have owned my 3727DEVS 6 '' sander for three years and have used it for both fine woodworking and around the house do-it-yourself projects . I have it found it to be a rugged , very well made tool that also has good balance . Indeed , it is an easy to use tool that takes the drudgery out of sanding.It can be used for aggressive sanding with the coarse grits , such as in the prep work for painting plaster walls , or it can be used for the finish sanding of cabinetry of furniture . It performs equally well at either task.I strongly recommend that one should also purchase the vacuum hose adapter , particularly since this sander can generate a lot of dust .
 I 've had the opportunity to use a number of 5 '' and 6 '' RO sanders over the past few years and this is one I would definately buy again . Smooth , well balanced and fits my hands well . I bought mine with the vac adapter and Bosch 's hose . I use it hooked to my Shop-Vac and it works very well . I ca n't see any dust on my bench around where I am sanding and I do n't smell any either . 6 '' paper is now available at the box stores if you want to go that route -LRB- I prefer the Mirka available here -RRB- . I like the 6 '' simply because it takes less time to sand an area .
 This is a solid sander that can cut with any grit you use . I bought this about 2 yrs ago to replace a 5 '' Bosch random orbital , the extra area saves me quite a bit of time . I have a 50 ' wooden yacht so this thing gets used and abused and has covered every square inch of the exterior atleast 3 times . I 've also used it with finer grits -LRB- 220 -RRB- on inside interior and you can slow it down to what you need with the adjustment dial . The bottom hook and loop -LRB- velcro -RRB- fastener pad is strong and has n't worn out like my last one . If you have big projects go with this sander , if you have small projects get the 5 '' bosch since it 's theoretically easier to handle ... just stick with Bosch , I 've owned almost all of the others and they 've been sent to davey jones locker.The only downside I could think of is : - most of the big home improvement stores do n't carry 6 '' diameter paper -LRB- only 5 '' -RRB- so you have to order online . - I wish it came standard with an adapter to fit most shop vacs . I ended up engineering my own which leaves much to be desired .
 Pretty much anyone who does any sort of woodwork at all needs a random orbit sander . There are , however , many different brands and features to choose from . I settled on this Bosch unit because of the features . And also because the Bosch brand is clearly very competitive.Because I use this sander mostly for furniture , I wanted a 6 '' pad size as that should be easier to keep flat than a 5 '' size . The 6 '' units are more expensive and heavier than the 5 '' , but not by much.Another feature worth having is the use of hook and loop sanding disks . I spent a lot of years in body shops where we used spray adhesive , glue and self-stick disks . What a mess . Horrible . And I used these sanders at home for my wood projects . Believe me , the hook and loop , velcro-like , units are much better and are so easy to use that you are more likely to use the correct sanding pad rather than to just use whatever is on there.I also wanted good dust control via a vacuum system . This tool is easy to hook up to a 11/4 hose with the appropriate Bosch adapter . My dust control system is set up so that the vacuum activates when the Bosch is turned on . Air is sucked through the holes in the sanding disks -LRB- I have been using the Mirka brand -RRB- , through the pad and out the back port where the filter was.That self-contained filter comes right off to expose the suction port for the vac . I have no experience with the supplied filter , so can not comment on it . I can say that there is almost no dust at all with the vac system and that sanding is actually easier because the vacuum sucks the sander to the board and you do not have to press down so hard . Still , you should use a dust mask.The 3727DEVS does have that variable speed feature as well as a lock switch so you do n't have to work the trigger full time . This all works well.There is no such thing as fun sanding , but this is very quiet and pleasant to use.I did have one problem that seems to be fairly common to this and other brands in that the screw that holds the pad on can loosen . I noticed some funky sounds and vibration , shut it down and tightened the screw . That was many weeks of work ago and it has not happened again . It is suggested that you just keep an eye on that.They do not give away Mirka quality sandpaper disks . $ 25 + per box and you need several different grits . So , you might plan on spending another $ 100 right away to stock up on that.I use mine on furniture projects and have been pleased with the results . Sometimes I think that the very final sanding should be done by a straight-line pad sander , but so far I have not been forced to buy one of those . Recommended .
 I took on a job stripping , sanding , and painting about 100 kitchen cabinet doors for a apartment property renovation . Not having the 16 scfm @ 90 psi through my compressor for an air sander and not wanting to have my hands go numb using the various electric sanders I already have , I purchased this sander on the high recommendations of others.This is a high-quality tool and definitely relieves some of the drudgery of sanding . The 6 '' pad makes quick work of anything it touches . The variable speed gives you the opportunity to adjust to changing surface conditions . Dust collection through the provded filter or through a vacuum host is very efficient . And my hands are n't numb anymore.Cons - a bit heavy to use with one hand for anything except short periods of time . It 's large - smaller than a belt sander , larger than a low-end RO sander . Paper selection limited.Considering getting rid of the two PC `` buzzing bee in your hand '' sanders but , being smaller , they 're more useful in the tool bag . The Bosch will stay at the shop.UPDATE - A YEAR LATER ... Still going strong and still my favorite sander . Been dropped a couple times but has never stopped working . You can buy the 6-hole , 6-inch Mirka paper here at Amazon but , if you search around other woodworking retailers , you can find additional Mirka 6-inch products -LRB- Abranet , Royal Gold -RRB- that will broaden the use of this fine sander .
 Before purchasing this sander , I had a Porter-Cable single speed random orbit sander -- and I had very little control . Once that thing got revving , the only way to slow it down was to flick the on-off button . I wore out two of those buttons on the P-C . A single speed is just not adequate for light touch-ups . With variable speed , you can slow the Bosch way down just to do touch-ups without eating a hole in your wood . When you are really ready to eat wood , put it on high speed with some coarse grit , and for most applications you can say goodbye to your belt sander . I have n't used my belt sander since getting this beauty over 2 years ago . Why should I ? This thing is very fast , easier to handle , and gives better results.If you are going to run it on high speed for extended time periods , put on some anti-vibration gloves . During one project -LRB- 10 tables over 4 weeks -RRB- I ended up with a bad tingling sensation in my hands that did n't lay off for about 3 weeks . Then I bought some anti-vibration gloves . These help a lot.Some other positives
 I just finished 3 hours of sanding on a 70 year old oak floor that has never been refinished . Full of pits , scratches , nail holes , splinters , old varnish ect . . and believe it or not some knuckle-head years ago even starting painting a large corner of the rooms floor with white primer . Using 80 grit paper this thing ate through the old finish and paint like a champ . After 3 hours my arms and hands feel fine , no tingling or numbness , smooth and easy one hand operation . Changing my grip on the tool to different hands and different positions during operation was seamless and comfortable , it was actually a pleasure to use this thing . As long as I emptied the hepa filter dust catcher regularly dust kick-up was minimal . This is one of the few tools I 've bought that I was 100 % satisfied with .
 I bought this sander about 6 months ago and have used it on several projects ranging from composite board bookshelves , to an aluminum hot tub , to an Oak enclosure for the hot tub . It has really done well on everything . I would likely use a harder pad on Aluminum if I were doing a lot of it but the OEM pad was perfect for the hardboard and Oak . The sander cuts well and is balanced well enough to produce a nice flat surface or finesse a perfectly rounded edge.The 6 '' paper is harder to find than the more common 5 '' and you do n't usually see the same kind of selection or volume discounts on it locally - although Grizzly does sell both in bulk . Hook and eye paper is a bit more expensive than sticky paper but it wears so much better , and I really like being able to use a disk half way and pull it off to use a different grit , then reuse it later.This is definitely not a detail sander and does n't cut like a belt sander but it was a good tradeoff for me . The front handle is removable but really does n't stick out enough to be a problem . I had a minor problem with the detachable handle getting loose but simply removing it completely and re-installing it fixed that . The threads may have been dirty . I tried a few similar sanders before buying this one . It is n't the brute that the Milwaukee is and it is n't as petite as the Hitachi . I needed something in the middle and opted for this one and it works . My shop has open sides so dust collection is n't usually an issue but a major failing on many sanders like this is the dust collection and I have to comment that the dust collection on this thing actually works very well and does n't get in the way . It is a good tool .
 I 've had this tool for several years and it really works well in comparison to my other 5 '' orbital sanders . It is more aggressive , vibrates about the same as the others and the extra surface area of the pad really saves time . I tend to use this sander when I need to aggressively remove material or have larger work pieces . But be warned , this sander can leave pretty hideous swirl marks if you 're not careful - more so than a 5 '' orbital.My gripe with this tool is the way the electrical connections are made inside the tool . After a fair amount of use , one of the crimped power connections to the field winding loosened and eventually broke loose , causing intermittent operation of the tool . After years of living with this and doing band-aid fixes , I was recently able to pull the field winding and make solder connections directly to the ends of the coil . It would seem that if they were originally connected this way it likely never would have failed.The dust collection is good when combined with the Bosch vac adapter -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- and a shop vac - but the adapter has very flimsy tabs that will break when put to hard use or stepped on . My adapter is presently secured with electrical tape . Bosch really should have designed a round vac adapter into this tool.Other than these issues , for the money it has been a good investment .
 I replaced a 5 inch sander -LRB- another brand -RRB- with this Bosch and I am very happy with the quality of the sanding . The sander is very agressive and needs a steady hand to steer it across the surface and assure even sanding . I finish most sanding jobs in half the time as before . The only drawback to this sander is that most big box stores do not stock hook and loop 6 inch sanding pads . This is only an issue when you run out suddenly and have to wait to order more .
 Made in switzerland and it shows . You can feel the quality from the moment you pick it up . Bosch really blows everybody away . I noticed even Porter Cables 9.6 is now made in Taiwan . If you want quality that you know is going to last , Buy Bosch . If you want a name slapped on something from asia , Buy a Ridgidobi or a Porter Decker .
 This Prince valve replaced a Gerdes valve from the '70s . The feel and control with this valve is excellent , very precise . I would recommend this valve for replacement or OE use .
 Very good reach capabilities . Good gripping power . Handy for working around car engines and other hard to reach household areas . Good range of different types -LRB- straight , curved , and even one for holding round parts -RRB- . Well worth the price .
 I received my pliers promptly and they are of good quality . The points are sort of fat so I had to grind one of them down to remove a heavy duty snap ring off of my turbo .
 It wraps almost completely around my wrist . It 's a decent strap for work or play .
 These have been out in the sun and buried in snow for more than a year . I am very happy with these . I like the design as well . It is very well thought out . Its the only cover that has n't been blown off by our regular 50 mile an hour winds . I use one on my mower and one on my rototiller -LRB- the mower one works fine on the rototiller -RRB- . These have exceeded my expectations and I would buy them again .
 This is an excellent lawnmower cover - it is a bit tight on my mower , which is small . It is an excellent alternative to the plastic type . It also has a drawstring to tighten it up and prevent the rain from getting on the mower .
 The cover works great , pretty snug on my mower so you should make sure you do not have an oversized walk behind .
 I purchased this item in 2006 since I live in a town home and do n't have a shed to store my mower . I live in Baltimore , MD and we have had some pretty bad winters . To cut a long story short , my Craftsman lawnmower has been out in the elements protected only by this cover for the last 4 years . And every spring , I have been able to start without any problems .
 The lawn mower cover is just what I needed.I did n't know for sure that these covers even existed.I did n't see them at Wal-Mart , or home improvement stores , so I looked for the covers on the internet.Voila ! . I found the cover.and I am very , very pleased !
 What can I say ? This cover does exactly what it 's supposed to do - cover my lawnmower . It 's easy to apply and to remove , and my lawnmower is protected from the elements . I would recommend this cover to anyone who wants to keep their lawnmower outside , like I do .
 This is the best designed cover I 've seen . I securly covers the mower and stores in its attached bag .
 I wanted a lawn mower cover for my electric lawn mower . It 's great . Just what I wanted to protect it .
 It looks exactly as it does in the pictures . I was expecting a little thicker material , but it seems durable enough . Just be careful if its going to rub against anything sharp or get caught directly in a very strong wind storm -LRB- probably 40 + mph winds as it could cause damage -RRB- I leave my lawn motor on my back patio which has a cover that blocks quite a bit of wind and it seems to hold up just fine .
 Works very good . I really like it . It covers the whole lawn mower and easily goes on . I would recommend this to other buyers .
 The cover is tight , making it a bit of a struggle to put on ; but overall , I am pleased with the purchase .
 This was not the most expensive cover , but it seems to be well made and has made all the difference with keeping my mower dry , clean , and ready for use . The elastic along the front makes it easy to use , and the clip on the back of the handle end keeps the cover tight , even in the high wind storms we 've had in the past couple of months . I would buy the same cover again .
 We are ordering a second one to replace the one we had for the past 3 years . Great cover that lasted through the sun , rain , snow and windy days .
 i 've had this on the mower , pushed under the deck for about 2 months . great product , absolutely no issues . mower is dry as a bone in what has been some wild summer weather . would buy again .
 The Black Lawn Mower Cover fits snugly over medium to large push mowers . I am using it on a 21 '' self propelled push mower . It covers most of the mower except for the rear wheels . It has a belt fitted to make sure it does n't blow off with the wind . I have only had it on a few days but it seems to keep the water and sun away quite well . Recommended .
 Bought this to cover a Greenworks 25292 40-Volt 4 Amp Hour Lithium Ion 19-Inch Lawn Mower . This cover fits like itwas made for this lawnmower . Durability - unfortunately too soon to answer this ; I am hoping that it it lasts as longas it looks like it should . Worst feature - sometimes it 's a little hard to figure out exactly how it should go on - maybe a front marking might be helpful .
 I think this cover is good but I would have liked one that came down all the way to the bottom on all sides . The back of the machine is a bit exposed . Other than that , I think it 's doing the job .
 The product was absolutely great . Exactly what I wanted , quickly shipped , nicely packaged , easy to use . Could n't be happier . Oh - great price .
 I needed to get my power equipment out of the green house , so this was just what I needed to protect my chipper vac from the elements .
 I have a small electric mower and this fits really good . Maybe a little big but that is not a problem . I would like to come back and rate this in about a year because I live in the Southwest and the heat and sun does lots of damage , and this is the only weather protection I have for my mower . If I can get a couple or three years out of this then that would be great .
 Been searching for ever to get suitable cover and this is just perfect.Did try making my own cover but was not successful .
 The quality is very good - heavy and durable ! It has been raining for the past few days and I were able to test it out with 100 % satifactory ! The only thing is that it 's a little bit expensive !
 Easy to put on . Seems durable . Keeps the rain off of our mower . I can still push the mower around by lifting up the front wheels
 Covers the mower and fits snugly . Easy to put on with elastic around the edges where needed.The dark color helps my mower blend in with the woods behind it .
 The cover is great . I teven has a bag attached to store the cover in when not in use . what a great idea to be able to easily cover your lawnmower from the elements .
 Got this for one of the higher end Honda push mowers . Honda wanted about $ 50 for theirs . This one is better ! Does take a little patience and head scratching to figure out how to fit it properly . Wish Honda did n't feel like they had to cheat everyone on things like their covers . Seems like all manufacturers do this . That is a SICK mentality . Honda has great mowers , which they already charge a premium price for ... . do they really need to rape us with the cost of accessories ?
 This product was a perfect fit for my self-propel lawnmower . I do n't have to worry about it becoming damaged from the weather .
 Excellent quality cover and Amazon was great to deal with and I received my item quickly !!
 The Lawn Mower cover fits my push mower perfectly . I keep it outside sometimes and this is exactly what I needed.Good value for cost .
 I have quite a large 5Hp widebody lawnmower and this cover fits it snugly ... but it does fit ! It works great at keeping the dust off where I store it in my dusty shed over winter and the cover is very easy to dust off or even wash off when it is not being used . Ca n't complain . It does what it says it will .
 Fits pretty well . I have a Craftsman lawnmower and it does fit good . My mower has the large rear wheels so it it a bit snug , but works just the same . It even stayed on during our very high Santa Ana winds in in So . Cal . kept the fire ashes off it as well ...
 perfect cover , I just needed a cover for my mower for rain/snow so that the mower would start easier after rain/snow . good price for a good use .
 I just luv my electric mulching mower ... . it is a wonderful convenience and so easy to clean ... no complaints what so ever ...
 This fits well and keeps the mower reasonably clean-hard to do in the desert .
 I bought this for a Black & Decker electric mower . I dont have a garage or shed for it , but this cover keeps it dry and clean . Its pretty easy to get on or off with the elastic and can wrap all the way under all 4 wheels .
 Shockingly , these things are n't available at Lowe 's or Home Depot.It 's great for protecting against rain and dirt . It 's easy to put on and remove . Great , great , great !
 This cover fits perfectly with my B&D electric lawn mower.I keep my mower outside so I was looking to get a outdoor shed that would cost $ 300 but I decide to give this cover a try . I no longer need a outdoor shed because this cover works very well against dust/dirt and rain . I highly recommend this . Saved myself some $ $ $ $ .
 This is a great cover . It fit my lawn mower perfectly . It seems to be very good quality .
 excellent and easy to use . got this in 2 days from the USA You can not by this in the U.K.
 It is nice to be able to cover my new mower . This one is a little hard for me to get on but I have arthritis so that could be part of the problem . Thanks Amazon.com
 A great product ... easy to use , great coverage of the lawnmower and a perfect fit to keep the snow and rain away from the machine . Great price ... would buy again ... but from the looks of it ... it should last for quite a long time . You will be very happy with your purchase ! Treat yourself !
 It fits my Sears machine . It seems very strong . I bought a cover that was in the middle of the price ranges . Some of the items I looked at were way too cheap and I could see they would n't hold up . So far , so good .
 I bought this to cover a newly purchased greenworks 19 inch cordless lawnmower and it fits perfectly . It appears to be well made and keeps the mower dry from this springs constant rain .
 I do n't have a shed or garage or any other structure to store my lawnmower . This cover protects it perfectly from the elements and is easy to use . You ca n't beat the price and I 'm completely satisfied .
 great cover and arrived on time . Good quality cover and love the way it fastens to keep it on . Protects mower as should .
 I purchased this cover because I was using a tarp to cover my large push mower . This cover fits perfectly although there was a drawstring bag attached to the cover not sure what that bag was for so I just cut it off . The cover looks great much better that the tarp . The material is like a mesh and it 's thick to withstand all types of weather .
 Order came quickly , fits fine , which is perfect since my mower is not a well known brand.Have nto had any rain yet , so ca n't note the durabilty , but the material seems fine for handling the elements .
 I bought this cover to shield my lawnmower from the elements . I keep it under my deck so it is n't really getting the full effects of what nature can do , but so far I am happy with it . For the price you are getting a pretty well built item . It acts just like advertised . It is a little tight trying to completely cover the wheels . I am happy with this product and really happy with the price .
 The cover seems very nice for the price that was paid for them . They are thin and lite weight . Not sure how durable they will be or how long they will last , but they do fit well .
 Covers my mower beautifully . Seems like the perfect fit for my mower that has to be kept outside . Clip strap under the handle keeps it on during windstorms . Has a storage bag attached to it so it does n't get lost . Good value and should wear well .
 This fits my Husqvarna 7021R almost perfectly -LRB- the Husqvarna 7021R is virtually identical in size to the Honda HRX lawnmower line -RRB- . I agree with those who feel the storage bag should be removable . That said , it is a fine cover and much better than the ones I 've previously had for my previous Honda lawnmowers .
 I 90 % knew what i wanted ; found it easily ; was convinced it was what i wanted ! as a cover for my sears lawnmower , i felt confident that it was perfect at a `` lower ! '' price than the stores or elsewhere on the internet !!
 I had purchased a lawn mower for my husband for his birthday this year . Although we had purchased a nice Sears model 2 years prior , my husband swore it was junk and broke all the time . Keep in mind , although we have a large storage place to keep it in , he left it out in the elements all year long -LRB- through the worst snowfall in years and the wettest rainy season I can remember -RRB- . I wanted to be sure that this one had a better chance of survival , so I set out to see if a cover for a lawn mower was even something made . I found it on Amazon , and compared it with other sites , and this one was a great price!When it arrived , I proudly handed it to him and he looked puzzled . He asked what it was for initially and I boasted `` THAT COVERS IT ! '' We had a great laugh and he finally had to admit the weather probably did aid in the demise of the other one.I was very happy with the quickness that I received it and it was well worth the price . The quality is great and it came with a bag , attached to it so it will not get lost , so that if it is off , it can be tucked neatly in there until it was ready to be put away . It covers the lawn mower entirely ! Including the wheels . I would recommend this to everyone . We use it in the storage shed for extra protection .
 this product fits my sears craftsman mower pretty well . you have to make sure it is around everything otherwise major rain will fill the top and push the cover over . i keep mine under a deck . material seems to be strong but not sure about the winter months.update 05/06/2012 I still use this thing . Well worth the price .
 Well after reading previous reviews I was a little scared to order this item . However , I AM SO GLAD I DID !!!!!!!!! It is way more than I expected . Fit beautifully , very well made , has a tote bag attached to store it in . Everything I hoped and more . Extremely pleased .
 I am one Happy camper ! I looked in every store around and could not find a mower cover , once again Amazon comes through . I read every review and dicided this is the one I wanted dispite the neg reviews and I must say it is exactly what I wanted . Made of a good material -LRB- not cheap plastic stuff -RRB- , the elastic around bottom brings the cover to a good snug fit and there is the snap closure that pulls the fit snug around the mower handles . I for one am very happy with this product and I must say that the reviews saying about the fit being too tight ? If it were not a nice snug fit it would blow off like many other covers do , mine has servived a couple wind storms and very hard rain in the past week with no problems . I highly recommend this product , Thanks Amazon !!
 The old lawn mower cover finally bit the dust ; it was more duct tape than cover anyhow ! I pried it out of his hands and stuck it into the garbage can , then raced back to the patio to hand him this NEW cover . Mr. Fussy likes it ! It is now sheltering his lawn mower and seems to be doing an excellent job . Looks like a rest for the duct tape , at least for a while . Buy this one with confidence .
 I bought this to cover my new Toro recycler mower , which is a rear wheel drive unit with a 6.5 briggs . The cover does slide on easily and covers the front wheels but not quite enough to cover the rear wheels . I 'm pleased enough as the deck , handlebar , and engine is all I really wanted covered anyway . Material seems a little cheap so I 'm taking off one star , could be better .
 I was a little leary whether or not the cover would fit the electric push mower that I needed to cover when I purchased the product . When it came and I put it over the mower , I found that it not only fit but with the elastic bottom and velcro fasteners , it fit perfectly . This cover has enough room that it will fit almost any type push mower that has to be stored outdoors . There is no worry of the outdoor elements getting to the mower .
 A very good cover , a little tight for larger mowers , keeps the elements out . It is worth the price .
 My mower is outdoor and needed a cover for the weather.It worked nice in the winter to prevent snow getting on to the mower.It also worked well in the spring when there is a lot rain.It is a bit tight on my Craftsman mower , but it still fits.Overall , it is a nice cover , would buy it again in a few years when this one wears out .
 This product is ok for the price and shipped for free.The only inconvienance is that the storage bag stays attached to the cover and hangs loosely on the side -LRB- you ca n't see it on the picture -RRB- . You can however cut the storage bag off with some scissors and use it to store other things.Too early to tell if it will withstand the hot summer sun and begin to crack .
 Excellent design and quality.Great cover for my NEW lawnmower.Highly recommend.The cut is perfect for each part of the lawnmower .
 This is a well-made , functional lawnmower cover.Pros :1 . Appears durable -- only time will tell how this will stand up to the elements2 . Practical design , easy to put -- and keep -- in place ; this thing has been through a few windy days and it stayed putCons : None that I 've seen so farI 'd buy this again , and I 'd recommend this to a friend . -LRB- Others might give 5 stars based on the review above . I prefer to reserve the extra star for truly exceptional items . This product is good , but not exceptional . -RRB-
 Just as advertised/expected -- have been using it for about 6 months now ; covers my Neuton completely -LRB- and tightly -RRB- with the handle either extended or folded . -LRB- I keep it under cover so the mower cover itself is not exposed to direct sunlight . -RRB-
 This cover is fantastic ! The material is thick enough not to tear easily yet thin enough to be lightweight and easy to use . And it 's adjustable size makes this a winner -- when I upgraded to a newer , better , bigger mower I was still able to use it .
 It fits though a little snuggly over our craftsman lawn mower and keeps it dry so it does n't have to take up tons of space in our garage .
 It fit nicely . It helps keep my mower protected since I do n't have a shed forit . I like it .
 this cover fits like a glove and is very flexable.I have the same brand cover on my snowblower and it isa year old now and like brand new.Plus this was the best price anyware .
 given , it is probably not the highest quality , but from my experience , it did its job just fine the 3 times i needed to use it .
 My daughter and I found this tool very simple to use and very accurate . No guessing , which is great for two women to use . I intend to get one for my daughter in Florida .
 Got exactly what I paid for with this product . Need to get my hands on some more stuff and really put it to good use .
 Great little tool , works as intended , I dont remember how I found studs before I bought this little tool . It works perfect snd is easy to use .
 this is a gift for my husband and he really do love it . he used it everyday to do his job .
 I 'm no construction pro . Just your average household son/brother/husband looking to help out . That being said , I used the stud finder @ my parents house to put up curtains in all the bedrooms and dining room , and also in our new apartment to put up some shelfing.Each time , working it was a breeze -LRB- a lot of people tend to not follow the directions -RRB- . Press the button , move it to your left until the light goes on and beeps . Then press the button and move it to the right until it beeps again . Mark off both areas it beeped at , and in the middle you have the center of the stud.Simple enough .
 I have been using this stud finder for numerous projects and have discovered that this tool is not always perfect , but if will help you find studs , not nails .
 And it finds them brilliantly well . Slide in one direction and find one edge . Slide in the other direction and find the other edge . Mark it all off , figure the middle between each mark , and you 've got the center of your stud . Ready for mounting things.This , however , will not find you a potential boyfriend/husband . Unless he has a wooden stud within him .
 I needed to mount brackets for switches and patch panels , and would not have been able to easily find the wall studs without this . It works great .
 I bought this studfinder because it was cheap and works for my needs , which is basically hanging pictures . This tool should actually be called a nailfinder because after reading the directions , it indicates that the stud is found by magnetically locating the nails which attach the drywall to the stud . So that means there may not be a nail right where you want a hole , but with a little patience , you can find a nail either above or below and use a level to indicate where you should pound to hit the stud . Pretty simple actually , IF YOU READ THE DIRECTIONS !!!
 This stud finder works exactly like it 's supposed to . It gets the job done . Great product .
 I have gone through many staple guns , not because they wore out , but because they always seem to jam or not drive the staple in all the was . This one works very well . Although it does misfire occasionally .
 I removed my moen faucet of 10 years and I realized I had a kohler sink . So I ordered a Kohler Sink Hole Cover to expect it to fit perfectly and it did . It is made out of solid Metal and the quality feels good . The white matched perfectly with the white sink i have . .
 Exactly what we needed as we used one less hole with our new faucet . Matches perfectly . Easy to use product
 it almost looks black , but when i put it in the hole in my granite next to my bronze sink it worked perfect !! shipping was very fast too .
 Just received our kohler -LRB- almond -RRB- sink hole cover . The colour matches perfect with our sink and isgood quality . Very happy with our purchase would recommend.Halifax UK
 I ended up sending this back because I did n't need it . However , as usual , Amazon sent it promptly . The product looked good but I did not install it .
 Only thing that takes a little getting used to is the G-Max flushing system , which seems to work for just one second , then stops . But so far , gets job done.Important point - packaging thought through ; item components were very well insulated in well-fitting packaging , unlike was the case for the matching toilet bowl I also ordered from Amazon that arrived broken . A replacement bowl , properly packaged , survived shipment with no damage .
 Perfect fit for the Hard Hat Lover in all of us . This item can be used at a construction site or at a basketball game .
 Does n't have the trim piece on the end of the handle , FYI , but it 's not supposed to , that 's a separate part .
 I bought this LED light to keep in my purse so I always have some type of light available to me , should I be out shopping , in a theater , some place other than home where I know where I keep my flashlights . Primarily for safety reason . It is small , fits easily on my key chain , so I have it with me always . If I have my keys and purse with me , I have this light . It is also useful when you 're in a restaurant or theater and you 're looking for something in your purse . This little light is very bright . The LED lights are wonderful and now they are small enough to be able to carry easily with you everywhere . I used to carry a small MAGLITE in my brief case , but since I retired , I do n't carry a brief case with me . That small MAGLITE is to heavy to put in a purse . This small LED light is very light weight . They last a very long time . This little LED light gives me the ability to carry a flashlight , but remains very small and light weight . I like it . I would recommend to a friend .
 The LRI XMW X-Light LED Micro-light is probably just what you have been looking for . I bought mine from -LRB- ... -RRB- for around -LRB- ... -RRB- . I got 5 to use in my survival kits and I got other equipment also to spread out the cost of shipping to additional items . Or , check this product page for Amazon 's `` More Buying Choices '' to get the best price . It uses two 2016 coin batteries . I have not had to replace them but doing so looks straight-forward . I have another brand of micro-light that is impossible to put back together when changing the battery . This light is very bright but will cycle from dim to bright or from dim to bright to various flashing modes . There is a strobe feature that I asked my daughter to use in her apartment window if she ever had to call the police or and ambulance . It is very eye-catching . I now carry this in my pocket along with my small Swiss Army knife . I never go out without them both . Exposed to a light source -LRB- or itself -RRB- it will glow in the dark .
 At first i was sceptical at how good could be this light and ive bought4 of them , when ive got them i was stunned from the quality of the light.Soon after ive bought another bunch of 4 and i will buy some more of themsoon.The only minus side was that could not find easily how the light can stayon and dont turn itself off after 7-8 secs , ive discover this option bypure luck and playing with the on/off button .
 The light is very bright but also small enough to put on a keychain and that was all what I was looking for ! Unfortunately the light only stays on for like 10 seconds , otherwise I would have given it 5 stars !
 I was lucky enough to receive this light from a vendor I work with , they had the manufacturer customize with their logo etc. . I was a little skeptical at first when I saw it , it 's very small so I was thinking ` How bright could it be ? ' . Upon opening the package and trying it out quickly I was pretty amazed how bright this little device was , of course this was in my office with standard office lighting at the time . When I got home that evening I checked it out in more detail and WOW was all I could say . This little thing lights up with incredibly bright white/blueish light , take it into a dark bathroom and it will light up the entire room , aim it at a wall from about 4 ' away and it will have a light pattern about 5 ' in diameter.The light also has different modes of operation.Momentary onLatching on/offPress and hold to ramp intensity of LED up/downPress and hold to start SOS flashingPress and hold to start 1 flash every 8 seconds.Press and hold to start 1 flash every 1 second.Press and hold to start ` super flash ' probably 1/4 second pulses , this mode will certainly attract attention , fast.Buy it , you can not go wrong . Great gift for anyone who drives a car , it could literally save your life .
 After trying a long line of aviation headset lights , I tried the X-Light . It 's the best headset light I 've used . -LRB- Others have broken , fallen off , been too dim or too bright , not adjustable enough , or just plain get in the way . -RRB- I put a piece of Velcro on the back of the light , and the matching piece of Velcro on the right side of my headset . I can easily position -LRB- and re-position -RRB- the light as often as I need to . It has never fallen off , or gotten in the way.To complete the installation , I took a black Sharpie marker and put several layers of black ink over the on/off button . This prevents light from shining into your co-pilot 's eyes . Finally , I looped a piece of strong thread around the keyring look and the headset clamp -- just in case I dropped it while moving it around , it would n't get lost on the floor.Several flight instructors have seen this arrangement , and all want their own now !
 Cam across these a few years ago - really like the dimmable feature . Comes in handy when kids drop stuff at movie theater . The included clip occasionally came off my keyring to I discarded spring clip and mounted directly to keyring
 Very useful , light output is easily controlled by variable pressure switch . it can also blink or flash SOS . I leave it on demo mode - light goes off in about 3 seconds , because I have accidentally bumped the switch on and exhausted the two 2016 batteries.Good battery life .
 I ordered 3 different led keychain lights and this one is my favorite . Small , bright , and you do n't have to keep pressing the button to keep the light on .
 I keep this on my key-chain . It comes in handy quite often . It worked well when my power went out . I have several of them for spares . It has 5 modes too so you can adjust the brightness . I highly recommend them .
 I use this LED daily for my job , and am glad that I got it . The different modes works great . Just remember when taking it out of demo mode , to hold the button down until the light goes out .
 Best pocket light for a pilot , astronomer , car driver etc. . . Pros
 My daughter refused to carry any of the &#34; safety &#34; items I 've forced upon her keychain ... until I gave her this little light . She 's kept it on her keychain for 3 months now , so I think it 's there to stay ! I use mine for PERRLA at work , it 's perfect ! Bright enough for anything I would need at work and so tiny I do n't notice it hanging from my clip . Highly recommend !
 I love how well built this light is and its incredibly bright especially for its size . I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 Great light with many modes , including strobe . The clip is high quality as well . Obviously white will show dirt more .
 Perfect keychain flashlight . It 's small , it 's bright , the battery has lasted quite a while so far . It can blink and strobe and you can adjust the brightness . None of this is really necessary for me , but maybe other folks will want that .
 Buy this one ! Super bright LED keychain light . Brighter than the other flashlights I had . Glows in the dark too . All my friends and family just love this light !
 I use this when I walk my dogs at night so I can find their &#34; business &#34; and clean it up . I wish it stayed lit on its own for a little longer than it does , but the description was honest , so that 's my bad . Very bright and I like the way the body glows so it 's easy to find in the dark .
 Casts a beam at least 10 meters ; I was able to check the position of my back door lock from that distance in total darkness . I found it so useful , in fact that I 've ordered 3 more , one for my bugout bag and the other two for my other two key rings .
 I 've owned a few different keychain LED flashlights , and this one is , hands-down , the best one . Great price , first of all . And the light is amazingly bright ! The dimmer function is great , and I love that it stays on with just the click . No goofy little switch to deal with . If you 're in the market for one of these , this is the best one .
 these little but very bright keychain lights are great , i use mine nearly every day , i bought 10 and give them as gifts to family and friends and most of them later tell me `` i do n't know how i ever got along without this thing , it is great and i use it all the time . `` these little jewels are bright , the battries last a long time and can be replaced , the bulbs do n't burn out , they weigh nearly nothing and are smaller than my keys.they are kind of like many other things in this life , cell phones , cars , t.v 's , etc , that untill you get and use one you think `` WOW!this really does make so many things so much easier .
 If you are a handyman or love the outdoors , then this is a great light for you . Very small design packs a very bright LED light . Whenever I go hiking or mountain biking I bring my Leatherman Micra and this LRI Photon light -LRB- and biking/hiking essentials of course -RRB- with me just in case I may need it.The only flaw I realized is the `` easy touch '' button is too soft and sometimes turns on in my bag or pocket which will kill the battery life .
 Keep one on your key chain . Very bright and even has a feature that allows you to dim the light or have it flash . Low power consumption due to it 's smart technology . Feather light and small . The best key chain light I have ever seen !
 I purchased one of these to have on my keychain , and have since purchased one for each of our car keys.It 's quite bright for a keychain light . Also very small/compact . So far it 's proven quite durable.The basic features -LRB- on/off/dim -RRB- are simple . I have not used the special modes such as strobe or SOS . I just do n't see a need for those , and thankfully they do n't get in the way of normal operation .
 A great little light at a good price . I have used these lights for years on my keychain . I think it is the best small light available . It puts out more light than any other keychain light I have owned . It runs forever . The switch wears out before the battery does .
 I 'm not up to speed with all the keychain lights out there but I 'm very impressed with this one!As others have said , the light is bright , it is super lightweight and not easy to for it to be turned on accidently.I bought a couple as backup lights for our headlamps for hiking since they are ridiculously lightweight and throw out a good amount of light . I then bought a couple more just to have in the cars and our emergency kits.I am amazed that they built in these other functions
 I bought 2 of these and love them . I use it for seeing my lock combo on the boat at night . Great to have in the pocket anytime , a great guarantee against a power outage .
 I have had this for over a year and it has proven to be highly durable and an overall excellent product . It is super bright , small , and the on-button is rubber for an even better grip . I have not had to change the battery , but have not had the light on in long durations . This light is perfect for a keychain . The only negative is that the on-button does not glow that brightly . Also , the button does not glow for long after being exposed to light . The glow feature has never been great , but it is still okay .
 Love these little lites . I hide them everywhere in my house and give them as gifts to all I know .
 I have this light clipped to my key chain . I have had other keychain lights before and most of them died or fell apart within months of purchase . The light is clean white . I have even used it to escort someone who had trouble seeing the walkway at night . Not all of modes worked as stated . It can be dimmed by pressing while on . It uses 2 2016 button batteries - or 1 2032 . I have a 2032 battery charger , but the non-rechargeable batteries seem to have a longer life . I 've had mine for 2 + yrs . If you can get this without the shipping charge great . There is enough light distributed thru the translucent plastic case to make this suitable for leaving on while you are trying to find a keyhole in the dark .
 Great little light . Very handy at night time when looking in the trunk or saddlebags of my motorcycle , or for looking at things in the `` cockpit '' after dark .
 It works as intended and for the purpose I bought it for -LRB- dog potty walks in the dark -RRB- . I 'd buy it again for sure .
 We purchased this cover so that we could keep the riding mower outside for the season . We wanted to protect the mower from the rain and sun . While some rain did get through the cover ... we are very happy with our purchase . Cover fits great and very easy for one person to put on mower .
 This cover fits my John Deere riding mower perfectly . It looks great , keeps the machine clean and dry , easy on and off - it was exactly what I wanted .
 This brand of cover is the very best . It covers my 54-inch lawn tractor perfectly . My first on held up for 4 years and I have just purchased another one . The elastic hold up very well . The tarps I used to use did not do a good job .
 The cover is actually being used for a Go Cart & has worked out very well . The quality of the fabric is perfect to keep the vehicle covered .
 I have been using this brand and model cover from 2003 . They last a maximum of 2 years out 24/7 365 days in the Dallas , Texas weather , and they keep the mower dry and clean . Its a no frills cover with an elastic cord around the bottom edge that does a great job of keeping the cover in place . Fits my garden tractor with 48 '' deck with room to spare .
 I love this cover . It keeps my mower dry and it stays in place . I have had some strong winds lately and the cover held up very well .
 The fit is perfect ... elastic keep it in place ... good quality for the price . I am very happy with this product .
 Purchased cover to replace ugly tarp on my john deere LA115 . Like the ability to tell one end from the other . Covers entire machine and elastic hem keeps cover tight , even in windy storms . Would highly recomend this cover for quality and fit .
 We have had other covers and many homemade tarps and cords which were not great successes . This cover was just what we needed . Two days ago we had a doozy of a wind storm . We were pleased the next morning to see the cover still on the tractor . The only drawback for us is the cover is not big enough to also enclose the bagger . I hope it is durable and holds up for more than one season .
 Purchased this product a little over a month ago and so far it has been very good . The elastic on the cover is very durable . I own a 42 '' deck Craftsman tractor and I leave it outside in the elements . It covers the entire tractor with room for a larger tractor . The water repellent feature works and it keeps my tractor clean . I give the product 5 stars but remember I recently purchased the product . Good Luck !!
 Slight delay between shipping of product after I ordered it . Used the cover on 46-inch Ariens mower . Completely covers tractor and bed . Has elastic on bottom to secure cover in place . Easy to remove , takes several minutes to apply cover .
 Did exactly what the purchase was required to do . There was no surprises on this item . Fit right in and did the job that was required .
 These last about 4 years outside . I keep my tractor under this cover in a car port . The Texas weather is over 100 all summer and freezing in the winter and it is always windy . I feel the cover stood up well considering the brutal weather .
 This cover is well made . With the elastic cord at the bottom , it stays in place even in windy conditions . Thanks !
 the cover worked great , Hurricane winds did not blow the cover off the mower.The cover showed up in a reasonable amount of time '
 My Cub is 72 '' nose-to-tail , and has a 46 '' deck , and this cover wrapped everything -LRB- wheels , side chute -RRB- completely . The cheaper , alternate cover I was looking at on Amazon was n't big enough for the larger , full-size lawn tractors , but this one did n't specifically say what size it would cover either , so I took the chance . The product feels like it 's made of decent material , but time will only tell how well it stands up to the elements . The vents near the seat area should give wind that blows up from underneath someplace to go and allow air to flow , keeping things drier and from growing when the cover is on . The attached storage bag is a nice thought but I do n't know how often it will be used if you actually use the cover . So far , I 'm very satisfied . I 'm including pictures in case you were wondering how well it covers .
 Very nice quality and the elastic at the bottom keeps the cover firmly in place even in the high winds where we live.Good purchase !!
 Purchased this lawn tractor cover because I was getting tired struggling with a tarp . Most times the tarp won and would not stay put especially during windy and stormy weather . This cover is just what I needed . Fits my 54 inch deck with no problem . Elastic banding snugs everything up . Be advised , if you use grass collection baskets , the cover will not go over them . Great product for the price !
 I have a lawn tractor with a 46 '' deck and this cover fits great . The elastic at the bottom completely surrounds the tractor and will keep your equipment dry in any conditions . My only complaint would be that the nylon is a little thin . You need to ensure that the tractor muffler has cooled or it would easily melt through . Well worth $ 40 .
 Mine lasted about 3 years . Even with careful handling , the nylon is so thin it eventually disintegrates in the weathered areas .
 I have a 50 inch deck and this covers the entire mower wheels , deck and body . I bought it to keep the dust and spider webs off and it does just that . I love it I just simply uncover get on and go and then after mower is dried off from washing I put it right back on and it is clean and bug free for the next time .
 The product covers my lawnmower and protect it from the elements ... except for the little bit of water that is always in the tractor seat .
 I have only had this cover for one month , but looks like it is going to be a good one . Has elastic around bottom so wind is not an issue . May rip easily with taking on and off of tractor , so will have to be really careful . Good so far .
 This lawn tractor cover is of good quality and the price is just right . Searched for a cover for my Sears 48 '' Lawn Tractor and since AMAZON always have everything one might need , that is where I went to . The cover arrived within two weeks . The cover has it 's own bag for storing the cover while the tractor is being used . You would like this cover if you are in the market for one .
 I was pleasantly surprised at how well made this cover is . It is made high quality material and looks like it will last for a long time . I priced similar covers for twice the price and they were not as well made as this one . It fits the mower and has a very strong elastic hem to make the fit weather proof .
 I got my tractor cover just in time , the wind and the rain has been almost non stop . But when is does stop I take the cover off and it is dry as a bone . The vents must help because we have had some strong winds -LRB- 40-50 mph -RRB- and it just flutters . I have a Poulan 42 '' tractor and the fit is great it even covers the tires . Anyone with a 42 '' to 48 '' cut will love this cover !
 I purchased this to cover my 1991 Wheel Horse 416-Hydro lawn tractor . I have a 42 inch rear discharge deck on the tractor and this cover fits pretty close all the way around . No extra fabric flapping around . Would probably be a stretch if I had a 48 inch deck , or a side discharge . Quality seems good , and price was right . Time will tell .
 Good cover for the price . Well made air vent holes , cover bag , and has bungee around the bottom for a nice fit .
 I ` am pleased with the tractor covers , I would recommend your product to others . thank you , J. Shaw
 The product was a little lightweight for the price , but looked to be of quality material.I am going to wait awhile to pass a final judgement.The fit was good and the elastic cord at the bottom of the cover made fpr a good fit.I will see how long it last .
 For many years I stored my riding mower in a barn that also seemed to house many birds . They left their mark on the poor mower over the years , and cleaning it up every spring was never something I looked forward to . This simple cover will make storing and maintaining my mower much easier . I read reviews of others who were not satisfied with this cover 's outdoor performance . Since I plan to continue storing my mower indoors , I ca n't comment on that aspect . I am thrilled to have this new little piece of protection , though , and it fits my 42 '' deck and mower comfortably . It is also easy to put on and take off . I recommend it if you are looking for good value for your money !
 Date
 I ordered two Log-Rack Covers - Black . I had made a 7 foot long 16 inches wide and 60 inches high log rack and an 8 foot long x16 inches wide x 5 feet tall log rack.Figured the covers would work well for each and they did.The material is quality grade and the seams and flaps are just right.Had the wood racks full with about 1.3 cords of wood and put the Log-RackCover over each when I got them . Had two heavy rains storms , one a night for two days . Wood remained dry and the covers never moved although we had wind gusts of at least 30 miles per hour.Since I made standing rectangular racks , some water did collect in adepression in the fabric at the top but the water did not leak through.It held about a bucket of water so I knew I had to do something about it.I removed the rack cover in less than 20 seconds , my wife helped me , and screwed a thin piece of plywood ,8 feet by l6 inches to the top of the rectangular wooden frameand replaced the Rack Cover . This way no water willcollect at the top but run down the fabric placed over the plywoodlog-rack roof . I am glad I bought the Log - Rack Cover . Most of the otherstuff I saw looked weak and would probably not stand up to the weather wehave down here on the Gulf .
 This cover is made of a plastic type material . Its not bad , but per the picture I was expecting a canvas type material . My mistake for not looking further . I have not had a chance to use it , but I looks like it will work okay . It was the best on for the price I could find on the net . Good luck
 This cover is an improvement over my last one which was vinyl and ended up all torn up . I think this nylon one is a BIG improvement .
 Easy to use , fits the small log holder perfect . Ca n't judge it 's durability with snow yet , as of 1/9 , NJ has n't had any . Looks much better than those ugly tarps .
 I 've owned this log cover for 18 months , so have endured 2 harsh winters and two scorching summers here in Massachusetts . The cover fits perfectly over my log rack , and presents a tidy appearance . The velcro holds it tight against the logs and prevents wind from getting underneath and billowing it out.It looks best when the log rack is full , so that the cover is squared off at the top , but it 's still attractive enough when the firewood runs a bit low.Of course , the real benefit to this is that no matter what the weather is outside , I can always get dry wood to start a fire.A well made product that shows no sign of cracking or ripping any time soon .
 Expensive but looks like a piece of jewelry . If you have a small prep or bar sink in a spot that is seen , you ca n't go wrong with this . Not to mention the built in filtered water is SO convenient and saves us money and the environment , not needing those plastic bottles . We bought an under the sink water chiller for a few hundred dollars and it 's an awesome combination .
 Only thing that takes a little getting used to is the G-Max flushing system , which seems to work for just one second , then stops . But so far , gets job done.Important point - packaging thought through ; item components were very well insulated in well-fitting packaging , unlike was the case for the matching toilet bowl I also ordered from Amazon that arrived broken . A replacement bowl , properly packaged , survived shipment with no damage .
 Length :
 I bought this to wear when I am doing things around the house and when going into the attic etc. . It is light and comfortable enough to forget hat I am wearing it until I bump my head on something and realize it has saved me from the pain.The strapless design makes it easy to put on and it stays in place .
 This was rather difficult to assemble , but once done it seems to be a nice hard hat . I suppose there are better ones with padding , but this one qualifies you to walk through `` Hard had only '' areas .
 It comes in a plastic bag with the instructions printed on that bag . Not a huge deal , as it 's easy to put together . Great quality and all the parts feel sturdy . Admittedly , this to be used as a prop for a TV show I produce -LRB- Motorz TV -RRB- , so I wo n't be using it to really protect my noggin . The price was right , and it 's the real deal .
 I watched the video on how to put the headliner in and it was a snap once I saw it . The hat is a basic no frills safety hard hat and it serves it 's purpose .
 It is a hard hat . Perhaps a little small for my big head but i 'm sure I have n't adjusted it properly.It does what hard hats are supposed to do.Haven ' t dropped any anvils on it yet.It served my purpose exactly .
 good product - used this to make my deadmau5 helmets - easy to hook up and worked great for my costume
 I used it for the support for a Deadmau5 Mau5head and it worked very well . It is adjustable so it can fit most heads .
 This hat is simple but is what I need for work . The assembly was very easy and takes less than 5 minutes from the time I opened the package .
 What can I say about it is a white hard had that I &#8217; m going to cut and re-shape to fit inside a head for support , but thank you very much .
 MSA Safety Works 818066 Hard Hat , WhiteI bought two of these and they work just fine . It would be very helpful if these hats had a flat spot molded on the front and/or sides to more easily receive custom logo stickers .
 I bought this hard hat for my husband and it serves its purpose by 100 % . Excellent product and quality . Would recommend it .
 Yes , it can be difficult to assemble , but once you figure it out , the process itself is quite easily . Just `` fold the tabs up and out '' towards the walls of the helmet , slide the top of the half of the tab closest to you into the slot on the helmet , and you 'll find that it slides down into place . It 's not entirely intuitive , but reading the directions very carefully will help . The same applies to adjusting the helmet.It is a fine quality product , and I would recommend it . Beyond assembly issues , the one qualm I have is that it feels a bit too large for me , but it is still quite secure and adequate for protection.EDIT
 not much to say.got it for my son 's college class in forestry . cheap price for a decent hat for school
 Easy to assemble , fits great and perfect for light-duty home use . I needed a hard hat for working in my low-pitched attic . Ca n't beat the price , either .
 This was perfect . I need this for a costume and it did what I needed it to do ! Nothing else to say
 these blades are great i have some others i got from ebay they break every time i turned around . these blades never broke i am cutting through stuff that dulls blades quick but these are working great
 I use it on Craftsman saw , works as expected at a fraction of an expected cost . . Even if it wa n't last as long as the other blades , for this price I can afford frequent changes .
 Excellent quality , worked perfect for what I needed them for . Yes I 'd buy them again .
 I was searching for landscape lighting and came across this product . What a great concept ! I have not finished my back yard yet because I did not want the hassle of punching a whole in the stucco to run wires inside to my receiver . These speaker/lights solved my problem , it took me 45 minutes to install and the sound is great ! I love the photo cell feature , it eliminates the hassle of having to re-set the clock every time the power goes out or the time changes . My Father in-law liked them so much that I 'm getting him a set for Fathers Day.I would put this product in the Duh ! why did n't I think of that category , What a smart idea !
 I 've been `` nagging '' my husband for Malibu lights for years now . He was putting the project off because he did n't want the hassle of having to trench the wires . Tired of waiting for my husband to do something about it , I was surfing the net and came across Lite Sounds . I thought they seemed to good to be true , but I decided to try them out . I was AMAZED !! I installed them myself in about an hour . My husband came home and was shocked that not only do we have lights , but we have incredible sounding music throughout the backyard . The best part is that you can hook it up to your iPod . We 've entertained in the backyard a few times now and everyone has raved about them .
 This is exactly what we have been looking for our patio ... finally some music without having to hard wire . . and what great sound . . and pretty east to install . . Bring on Summer . . Thank youDiane Berger
 I purchased two of these for bending rebar to 90 degrees to build simple theft deterrent HVAC Unit Cages for my properties and client properties . It turned out I really only needed one to successfully bend the bar , so I gave my other to my HVAC Installer friend . It is very easy to use and it only takes one person to bend rebar . Just place the rebar on a flat hard surface , hook the bender on to it and push up . Super easy . It 's an expensive tool and well worth the $ $ $ .
 for a few dollars you have 12 very durable jersey gloves . Very durable sewing and seem to be made for any size . I have rather big hands , and the material stretches well without being too tight . I 've washed a few pair already , and there is no discernable shrinking . Very pleased with this purchase .
 In local hardware store , I usually paid around $ 1.99 for a single pair of jersey gloves so , after seeing 12 pairs for $ 9.89 , I eagerly purchased the item . The gloves are useful for light garden work , putting out the trash , moving household items , and grooming our cats , who , when in their uncooperative mood , may try to bite or scratch . They generally last about a year or more . At about $ 1 a pair , it 's a wise purchase .
 My 96 year old father has peripheral artery disease . Due to that condition , he wears gloves all the time and loses gloves all the time . These gloves are perfect for our needs . Easy to get on and off and they wear and wash well . We have had several pairs for two years now . They are a good price , too .
 These have become my favorite gloves around the barn in winter - I double them up and they keep you warm and they dry real fast on the radiator when wet-Dennis
 I have used Jersey Gloves for at least 20 years . They are great for hunting but once they get wet , they become ineffective . That is why I keep 2 pairs in my pockets when hunting . They are no longer made in the USA , which was disappointment .
 These are just what I needed to do yardwork and other honey-do 's around the house . They can be washed and used again .
 He loved them ! You can never have too many work gloves , and these gloves were great quality , thin enough to work , thick enough to warm .
 My husband likes these gloves for garden and outdoor work . They also help to keep his hands warm during cooler weather .
 A dozen pair of these at the local stores are way more than than this . Going to order another bundle .
 Excellent throw away gloves . At this price you can have new gloves for emergencies in the car , at work or just about anywhere . A real lifesaver in emergencies . I would certainly buy this again .
 I would like to buy these , but only if they are as advertised -LRB- 100 % cotton -RRB- . One buyer so far has said they are not . What is the consensus ... are they Poly-Blend or all cotton ? 100 % cotton works for plumbing -LRB- handling hot copper -RRB- , poly-blend does not work ... it melts.Thanks .
 Exactly what I would normally purchase at the big box stores . Way better price and now I have a little over a year supply of them . Would definitely buy again . Shipping was fairly quick too ...
 The gloves are really well made but the size is more of a large size . I washed them in hot water and they seem to fit better . A very good buy !
 Thin enough for good manual dexterity but still too thick to be able to pick your nose while wearing . The best of both words
 It 's a blade , so you ca n't review all that much , but if you are doing demolition , this is the blade to get . It cuts through stuff like butter . It 's not neat and tidy like a fine tooth blade , but it will rip stuff apart.Of course , you 'll eventually bend the blade -LRB- it happens eventually -RRB- , but in the meantime , it goes through wood , sheet rock , nails , whatever.I purchased it from Amazon because my local hardware store tends not to carry blades like this because it 's out side of the typical use that people buy Sawzalls for .
 Purchased for cold climate -LRB- MI -RRB- garage general area lighting and for directly over the work bench . Work great . Had them for about a year and no troubles . Come on instantly , even in below zero degree weather . I put up two 600w lights in a 3 stall garage with 11 ' ceiling and this is more than adequate . I put up an additional one above the bench for more light for working on equipment , etc. . No complaints . Would definitely recommend for anyone that does n't care about the extra heat generated by these lights .
 Good quality product . If you install this right over your head in your work area be aware they do throw off a lot of heat . Light output great and well built .
 these are great blades . only problem is they get dull all too quickly , or so it seems . this dullnes factor is for all brands ! usually use this type for trimming trees or large branch bushes/rhody 's etc. .
 This is a great sink , arrived in excellent shape , very well made , easy to install & a wonderful addition to our kitchen .
 The Maxxima MLN-18 LED Swivel Nightlight is a very neat light . Despite its small size , it casts a bright light only when it is dark . This is because it has an auto on/off sensor so it is not running unnecessarily during the daytime . The casing is a modern looking shiny chrome color with a hinged face , so the nightlight can be aimed over a 90 degree arc.Pros : Modern and sleek design . If you had asked me 10 years ago what a nightlight of the future would look like , I would have imagined this.Small . This will not cover up your entire outlet.Eco-friendly . This light uses 90 % less energy than a traditional incandescent nightlight . It is also cool to the touch . It does not contain Mercury like compact fluorescent light bulbs.Kind to the wallet . This light is supposed to last approximately 11.5 years while using it 10 hours per day . By my calculations , this should save you $ 36 - $ 78 dollars on electricity alone over the life of the product , not to mention there are no replacement bulbs to buy . With your saved money you can buy replacement nightlights after 2020 and still have plenty of change left over.Cons
 I have tried many different night lights . I have found some good for small areas but none good for large areas . This one is great for both . It really puts off a lot of light for illuminating large areas but you can also angle it down so it can be used for small areas . It has ALL of the features I wanted . This one will probably replace all others after it has been out a while and people see it ! I wasted a lot of money on junk night lights that cost more and some that cost the same . This is the longest review I have ever written . That 's how frustrated I was with all of the others .
 This blade will cut nearly anything with ease . I 've used many of these in the plumbing heating and air conditioning business over the years . This one outlasts all the others . And not only the Milwaukee brand but it will outlast all other brands as well . You know it has to be tough to cut cast iron . And it is . It will not only cut cast iron but will cut through nail embedded wood etc without dulling and wearing right out like most of the other types . In fact nails are not a problem because they are relatively soft compared to cast iron which it cuts through with ease . I began using these over 20 years ago and have never found a better blade for any amount of money . Forget those diamond coated pieces of crap . They cut but poorly . I 've had one of these last for over a year with regular use . Name another blade that will do that .
 I made this purchase for my coworkers daughter . I ordered it very close to Christmas . They said it would not be in until after the 25th . This was not a problem at all as I waited so late to order it . However ' what a pleasant surprise when it came on the day before Christmas . She was so happy with this lamp . Said it was her favorite gift . Any Ohio State fan would love it . It is very well made and so beautiful .
 This is a great product , with an original shiny look , has lasted well so far -LRB- 6 months on the floor of my garage -RRB- . I also tested the remainder of the product in a few spots on the wood of my deck , to see how it would survive on outdoor applications . It also seems ok there , so I will probably try it again on the whole deck next spring.Now just a warning . Beware , the picture may be misleading . My original purchase was for 3 1-Qt cans , and I thought I was purchasing 3 1-gal bottles , based on the picture . Once I realized my mistake , I went back to the page I bought it from , and the title did mention it was for 1-Qt cans , and the seller had no control of the picture used in his ad . They did accept my return , however I lost the 2 shipping costs -LRB- purchase + return -RRB- .
 Bought it here as it was well over twenty dollars cheaper than anywhere else that carried it . Was a exact duplicate for what I have in bathroom now . Just needed one more for 2nd sink .
 Liked Kohler 's Fairfax accessories so much in the family bathroom , that we bought this for our powder room . Great period style and well made , just what you 'd expect from Kohler .
 This meter is easy to use , works quite well , and the smaller size is actually more convenient than I expected . It 's very hard to find even a decent meter in this price range , so this one was a very pleasant surprise .
 it is a very nice and easy to use multimeter . the NVC funtion does not work but i was n't looking for that . it has a very good quality and the price is very good for me too .
 I spent some time going to web sites and reading reviews from professionals on a multimeter that would meet my needs and not break the bank . Sure , I love Flukes but , only if my employer pays for one . I 've bought and gone through 4 multimeters and yes , they were cheap and inaccurate . I use mine for home use and this multimeter fills the bill in every way and I recommend it based on my reasons above .
 This is my second purchase of these blades from Amazon . I have used them to cut ferrous and non ferrous metals
 I have a Milwaukee reciprocating saw , and I always use Milwaukee blades . It probably does n't matter what name-brand blades I use , but these Milwaukees have always worked fine for me .
 B ought it for 15 bucks and worth every penny . The one i got didnt have any stamp but looks identicle to the picture . took it out back and hacked a apple tree to pieces . Blade was still sharp no bends or break . Oh and it makes a swooshping sound when you use it just right . Buy it you wont regret
 Bought this machete for 2 reasons , 1 because it was in the book of Eli , but 2 because I knew it was going to be thick . The machete came in and I love it , it was very sharp right out of the box and even after cutting up a big tree that had fallen in our back yard , it still held its sharpness really well . Definitely would recommend this to anyone who loves machetes , maybe get the forged one if you have the money . As far as bang for your buck , this one is definitely worth it
 I got this knife at Amazon ... very happy with it ... sheath is a peace of junk ... but the blade is great ... what I bought it for ! I spent a Little time Smithing out the blade `` breaking all the unwanted sharp edges '' The blade is very heavy ... I like that ! Good grade of 440 st.st . Did n't take long to get it Razor Sharp ... good hollow ground to start with ! I Hockey Taped the handle to fit my hand perfect ... not slippin any more ... A must for The Zombie Apocalypse ... The Zombie Muckeller !
 The only flaw with this knife is the sheath , if you can call it that . The knife was in excellent condition , razor sharp , wood handles were in great shape . Some rough/sharp edges on the tang , but overall well worth the price . I bought two and have no regrets . I will add para cord to the handles and have leather sheaths made . The zombies are in trouble .
 I am a retired 18D Special Forces Medic and would carry a personal machete to the field because the issued blades were not very good . I would have loved to have this type of blade to clear brush and small limbs out of the way . the blade is thick and can be sharpened to a nice sharp functional machete that will clear up to small trees if needed . One thing to be aware of is this blade needs care , it should be sharpened upon use and oil occasionally to prevent rust but i service all tools taken to the field this way so no biggy in my opinion . If your up to taking care of a blade this cant be beat for the price . One other note the sheath will be cut if you put a very sharp blade on this so I reinforced the sheathing with black duct tape and havent had one issue with it .
 This is a realy good product for the price ! I was ` nt expecting quality this well for a blade under $ 15 . As others have said the sheath is crap but so is the sheath on the pos at wal mart they try to call a machette . As an old time knife collector expect this one to triple in value very quickly .
 Its definitely a $ 15 machete . The handle seems a little wobbly when you swing it , but it seems sturdy . The stitching in the sheath came undone when I pulled the machete out the first time -LRB- might have been my fault -RRB- . Not bad at all for 15 bucks .
 this is a great weapon , it was sharp right out the box . was using a small knife sharpener , but mistake , lol , cut instantly , so i went to the sword sharpener i got . even better now . people complained about the wooden handle , and i can see why . walmart has a tennis grip that you can slide up the handle , not wrap around , worked super great , i recommend to do this . also , for those of you cutting through your sheathe . IKEA , has cheap plastic cutting boards that you can cut down to fit inside the sheathe , doing this prevents the sheather from taking damage from the blade . i will buy more , i put a nice shine on mine , and soon enough it will shine like a mirror , for a better cutting effect .
 this is a great kukhri sharp when it came in the mail my only problem with it was the sheath is cheap and the knife cut right through end of it .
 Awesome kukri , the blade is very sharp , nice and heavy 1/8 '' steel , feels good in your hand . The Blade is so sharp the nylon sheath was ruined within minutes though . I plan on making on out of leather soon . Very happy with it !
 the machete it self is great except for the sheath the strap tht goes on ur back literately broke with in the first 30 sec of having it im just going to make mine out of leather which i suggest u do
 The blade is thick metal and fairly heavy . The cherry-wood handle looks nice on the full tang but the rivets/bolts are slightly loose and you can feel it shift when you swing it around , might use some leather or raquette wrap for a more secure grip . Forget the useless sheath for anything but storage in a box.Great delivery got it in 2 days on a Saturday too .
 It 's as big and cool as you think it is . You could chop trees with it when you run out of zombies .
 Awesome blade , sharp , heavy , full tang . Crap Sheath , Pretty worthless , Broke out of box . Bought it for the blade so i 'm pretty happy about the purchase .
 yeah hey . this thing is cool . its really nice too . um ten more words ? its hefty . i seems really durable .
 It 's seen some use but I sharpened it right up and it 's perfect quality blade . Thanks man recommendations are in order my friend
 This Kukhri came in a few days ago and I am very pleased with it . It has a very nice weight to it , though a little misbalanced . It came very sharp and has held it 's edge nicely through chopping up an orange tree . The sheath , as all other reviews stated , not worth crap . Falls apart and rips from the start . From the other reviews I thought the handle I thought it would be loose , but mine does n't move around or rattle at all . On the other hand , it IS very slippery . With the weight and intended actions of this blade that 's obviously not very good . Tennis racket grip fixed that nicely . All around good blade in my opinion . Especially for the price . Buy for the blade , not the sheath ! : -RRB-
 I got this for 8.99 plus S&H ; of $ 5 , since then it looks to have gone up a bit in price.This thing is definitely good for the price , it 's 440 stainless steel blade is full tang and has some cherry wood handles held on with 3 metal through-bolts -LRB- although they seem a little loose when you swing it -RRB- . I 'm going to wrap the handle with some leather strapping , though , because it can get a little slippery when your hand sweats on the wood.It comes pretty sharp for a machete , and can be sharpened even further if you want without too much effort . blade is n't quite as curved as the traditional kukhri , but the balance is right at the end/curve of the blade so it 's still good for hacking.As others have said , the sheath is really cheaply made and looks like it will fall apart in no time , plus it doesnt have belt loops or grommets for tie lashings , just a funky back/arm strap thing that seems pointless.Other than the sheath , it 's a great buy for the price if you want a cool looking machete -LRB- it 's Eli 's knife off The Book of Eli almost ! come on ! -RRB- that gets the job done for hacking brush , then this is worth the money.PS
 Received the Kukri in 4 days and I 'm very pleased with it . The quality is better than I expected and the machete feels balanced and solid in the hand . On the left side of the blade it has a bit of writing on it that is n't in the picture . The sheath is crap , wearing it on your back is awkward and there is no belt loop . Drawing it from your back is even more awkward . This Kukri has a nice edge on it for a machete . Nothing you could shave with but certainly not dull . The wooden handle is smooth and well finished . It 's a steal considering the price .
 Pros - Shipped fast , nice looking , strong and sharp blade , I have even chopped wood with it for fun and still sharp ! Awesome blade!Cons - The handle is really smooth could slip out of your hand -LRB- so I put leather around the handle -RRB- the tip of the blade looks a little weak but has n't broke for me yet .
 I bought this because it looked like the Book of Eli sword , The sword came fairly quickly in the mail , and it was not super sharp when I got it , I Sharpened it and it has held its edge for a long time . The blade was way bigger than I expected . The blade is pretty thick so it is a really nice sturdy blade . Im rating it four stars because , The sheath was not as `` heavy duty '' as it says on the box . The handle was loose and so smooth it was almost slippery -LRB- not good if you swing your swords -RRB- . I put some fabric tape around the handle and now it is awesome ! Really good sword for the price !
 Love the shape of this cool looking machete , with the drilled blade style . Looks like the machete Denzel wields in the post apocalyptic movie , `` The Book of Eli '' . Solid wood grip scales , feel good in the hand . They could be a lil ' bigger all the way around as the blade tang sticks out beyond the edges of the wood grips . Thick sturdy blade , a beautiful peice of cutlery no doubt about it.Mine unforunately looks as if it was dropped directly on it 's tip and was damaged thru the shoddy packaging . Tip 's blunted , and there 's a slight curve the last few inches of the blade . Tighter packaging with more filler paper inside the box might 've prevented this . Will probably return for replacement . ** UPDATE - Did in fact end up returning for a refund . Unfortunately ` return for replacement ' was not available as an option . Will definitely have to re-order it .
 The machete is great . The only thing is that the sheath feels a bit flimsy . But other than that , it is great .
 Great blade with only 1 or 2 draw backs . Like most people said , the handle just does n't work for the intended action of the machete . The blade when I received it was n't very sharp but no big deal , I can sharpen it myself . And the handle was a tad bit loose , I fixed both the handle and the looseness problem by wrapping the handle tightly with duct tape and then covering the tape with a black tennis racket grip . It now works great !
 I ordered this blade based on the number stamped on a Milwaukee blade that came in a kit I already had . I got the right blade but the picture is wrong . The 5162 is a short , skinny blade for cutting tight curves . The description is correct . It looks more like a blade you would expect for a jig saw but with the half inch shank to fit a Sawsall . It would allow you to do some jig saw jobs with a Sawsall . The blade itself is about half the width of the one in the picture . I could n't find anything this small at Lowes , Home Depot or Ace so I ordered it here .
 My old unit was huge . The new unit was smaller than the old unit . This little piece saved me a lot of drywall repair and painting . Fits perfectly .
 Thank you AMAZON , again. , you came through. , as always . I bought a Honeywell Thermostat at a local hardware store and when I went to install it I had a 3 or 4 '' space around the thermostat that made it look so bad . I went back to the store and they said they do not carry these covers . So I called Honeywell and the part # they gave me was n't the correct one . I went on Google to find a cover plate for the Honeywell thermostat and Amazon was the cheapest even with the shipping. , so thanks Again Amazon. , I can not wait till I receive it. , I measured the amount that I would need to cover my area and it will fit perfectly .
 I purchased a Robertshaw horizontal digital thermostat , but my old analog thermostat was vertical and I did n't want to have to pull the metal box out of the wall , make the adjustment , patch the wall , etc.This wall plate did the trick . I attached the horizontal thermostat to the wall plate with a short screw and nut -LRB- not supplied -RRB- , then the wall plate the the vertical metal box in the wall . Works perfect !
 Easy to install ; works perfect with the thermostat and covers the faded spot of the old plate . Because it was designed for the specific thermostat I bought it worked perfect .
 LOOKS GOOD WITH ACCOMPANY THERMOSTAT . SHOULD BE INCLUDE WITH THERMOSTAT PURCHASE . PROTECTS WALL . WAS AS DESCRIBED IN AD . EASY TO REMOVE FINGERPINTS .
 This is actually a difficult item to find in your local electrical shop . Most of them do n't stock the item , and if they do , the price is somewhere around 30 dollars in my area . I paid 14 dollars for this circuit breaker and it works great .
 Love this fan . Works great . Easy to install . Really adds an elegant touch to my master bedroom.I have not had any issues with the fan/lights turning on/off in the middle of the night . The remote works like a charm.Great buy as Lowes carries this exact model for $ 100 more !
 I thought it was a good deal and arrived in great shape . I was worried about things being broken in transit - but the fan arrived in perfect condition .
 After 5 months , I still love this fan and came back to buy two more . Its only sound is the wind created by the blades when it 's on high . It does n't vibrate . The remote control , which replaces the wall socket and hangs from the place where the wall switch used to be , has five buttons -- high , medium , low , and off for the fan and an on/off toggle button for the light . The remote can be removed from the wall and placed anywhere you need it within easy reach . Everything works as it should , and the simple , classic design -- just ornate enough to be attractive and not look cheap -- is perfect for just about any room . My husband had no trouble installing it . He did n't even need my help !
 The fan is easy to install , it was my first time doing a ceiling fan so i was pretty happy with that.Ran into a snag after it installed . The first night we were sleeping -LRB- its in our bedroom -RRB- , the lights turned on by themselves at 4am . Next night , 2am . Here 's the key
 This fan is so quiet I hardly know it is on . I recommend it for a large room .
 I just purchased and installed 5 each Hunter 20347 Westbury 4-Light ceiling fans for an intimate artists venue.Hunter 20347 Westbury 4-Light 54-Inch 5 Walnut/Medium Oak Blades Ceiling Fan , New BronzeI require the extra lumens of the CFL bulbs for house lights . I properly switched the remote CFL setting . I also debugged using different DIP switch addresses . I 'm an electrician and flawlessly installed the product.The CFL bulbs flicker when more than one are turned on . I just got of the phone with Hunter and this is a known issue in all the type 3 Models . The remote receivers are set up for the dimmer models and WILL FLICKER when using CFL bulbs on all the type 3 Models . I also tried using a set of the CFL Dimmer type bulbs to no avail.Hunter merely said they were sorry for the inconvenience and now I have to remove and return 5 ceiling fans . I believe this defect should be clearly stated in their promotional material and documentation.Update # 1 - I called Hunter again this morning and a different person from before is certain these fans will work with CFL bulbs . They are sending me a `` Light Kit '' that should fix the problem . I 'll believe it when I see it -LRB- no flickering -RRB- . Update # 2 - I removed the dimmer modules from the lighting heads and fixed the problem . The dimmer modules were causing the problem . Hunter should n't ship fan models with dimmer modules that do n't have dimmer remotes , and they should document this flicker problem if they do ! It has caused me undue stress and anxiety , and without my electronics background , I probably would ' t have solved this . Ultimately the fans look amazing in the artists venue space , and I 've ordered one more to compete the set .
 I was skeptical reading some of the other reviews after seeing several people complain about the fan randomly turning itself on . Fortunately , I have n't had this problem.This fan has been absolutely silent since day one . On low , it moves enough air to be useful but there 's no sound whatsoever . It really moves air on high , but there 's no noise from the motor -LRB- only wind noise -RRB- or any unbalancing issues to cause buzzing or wobbling . The remote is extremely convenient and the dimming feature is nice to have , too.Overall , excellent value for the money and very well-built .
 Compared to what other fans cost , with a remote , at Home Depot or Lowes , I got this for a great deal at Amazon . Fan was easy to assemble & puts out a lot of air . I have this fan in my study & ca n't even put it on high , as it will blow papers around . Also , what I like about the fan is that you can choose the amount of light it outputs . It 's starts off low light & by holding down the remote , you can make the lights pretty bright.I have 2 other Hunter Douglas ceiling fans , with remotes , that are within 20-25 feet of each other . I have had no problems with the remotes controlling the fans .
 I purchased 2 of these fans and so far they have worked fine . They are quite attractive with the dark almost pewter looking light kit and fan body . The electrician put them up without any problems . They both have remotes which are cool but once in a while the fans lights will just turn on spontaneously which is a tiny bit spooky !
 We bought and installed this fan last week . We have not experienced the remote problem described in a previous review . It is quiet , no wobble at all , no chains hanging . As for Amazon service it could not have been better . This item qualified for free shipping and that is what we received . Ordered on a Saturday evening and was n't supposed to even be shipped out till the following Wednesday but it arrived on Tuesday ! Happy happy happy !
 Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase . The fan looks great and I love the remote ! We have had some issues with the fan turning on/off at random times ... but it does not happen with enough frequency to bother us .
 We got this fan pretty quickly and it looks great . The only annoying thing is that it comes with more screws than you need for this particular fan -LRB- the packs of screws are clearly generic so they include screws for a variety of different fan models , some of which you do n't need -RRB- . Our fan arrived with one of the four light covers broken but we decided to go ahead and install it and call hunter about it in the morning . Hunter customer service was great - they shipped out replacement light covers quickly -LRB- we received them in 3 business days -RRB- and I did n't have a problem dealing with them on the phone.We love the remote control feature on this light . We have n't had any problems with it turning on or off when it was n't supposed to as others have reported . Another huge plus is that we did n't have to try and level the fan at all after installation and it 's been working perfectly ever since . Overall this was a great purchase and a huge savings compared to the price at your local home improvement store !
 Excellent blades , but also check out the Swiss madeMakita 723063-A-5 -LRB- 5-pack -RRB- 4-Inch 18-TPI Metal Cutting Reciprocating Saw Bladewhich are sometimes a better deal , and just as good -LRB- around 5.20 for a 5-pack at low tide -RRB- . Also , the Makita come in a useful storage case vs Milwaukee 's yucky blister pack .
 Sure , its not a cheap pair of pliers , but its Klein , so expect to pay a bit more . Have you ever used the lifetime warranty ? Likely not coz you dont need to but nice to have.What I like about this as oppposed to other Kleins , is the metal , it doesnt rust . The biggest complaint i have about expensive Klein Tools is that they rust easy . Why cant they fix that ????? Its a stupid mistake and they MUST address it . But this doesnt get rust on it.Just about on every job I add a new klein piece . It takes the bite out of the high cost . and what do you know , after only a year or two , I got a box full ! Cant go wrong with Klein .
 The metrinch sockets are the worlds vary best . ive used them for 25 years they do everything stated remove rounded off nuts ect , the sockets are the best , the rachets and the open end on the wrenches not so much . if you ever use metrinch sockets you will never want to use C.M. or S.K. or S.O. ever again.the metrinch sockets design is best i dont know why the other makers dont buy in and pick up the metrinch sockets design.You will never slip and bust your knuckle with a metrinch socket . ive had friends call saying i cant get a rounded off or rusted nut or bolt off . my metrinch easyly removes the nut and they want a set , everyone ive given a set to has loved them too.if you buy a set you will be so glad you did . and wonder why did i ever work without them.you can have my metrinch sockets when im dead .
 This is a pricey-toilet seat but it delivered on stain resistance which was the most important feature for me . Easy to install . Easy to clean . It 's also a pretty comfortable seat .
 It matches the Kohler K-4660 toilet . It is a perfect fit . Easy to install and maintain . Also , fits and matches up with any elevated toilet seat for an elderly person needing a boost .
 If you need a open front toilet seat to fit a round bowl , this one worked well for me.Easy enough to install .
 For the money , it works well . Stout bandsaw fits in nicely , clamps tightly , and there are power jacks that insert into the bandsaw , allowing use of the external power switch on the base instead of using the one on the bandsaw .
 This is a great product very well made ! I could n't find any more of this product to finish my project and found what I needed on Amazon to finish ! It was great and worry free !
 I put these on a white wall unit and they were beautiful . The copper sheen coming through the bronze is a nice touch . They contrasted nicely against the white cabinets .
 They are beautiful and look really nice on my dark wood cabinets . They look and feel high quality ! I am totally satisfied with this product !
 These go very well with any of the other Amerock ORB hardware ; I used them with the rope design knobs instead of scroll and they match wonderfully.These pulls are the same brand & style you would find in the hardware department of superstores & big box stores . The only difference being up to a 75 % discount ordering online , depending on which you 're buying ! The price for these can be unbelievably cheap on Amazon.They are substantial , meaning heavy in your palm . A lot of people look for this in hardware -- and do n't like the lightweight pulls -- so I thought I would mention it . These are very solid.The copper highlights are just enough that it shines in the light or from different angles , but is not overbearing or enough to take away from the oil rubbed bronze look . There is an elegant contrast between the two colors.They do NOT look cheap at all ; they look very expensive , well made and the colors are rich and beautiful . They do not look `` painted '' ; they look like they just are the way they are . Hope that makes sense ! Keep in mind these are standard sized pulls -LRB- 3 in . center screw to screw -RRB- so measure it out before you so you wo n't be surprised when they are not as large as you expected from the photo -LRB- which is enlarged to show detail -RRB- . In hindsight I would have ordered 4-5 '' center pulls ; something I could fit my entire hand into instead of just a few fingers , but then again my hands are large . They sit out far enough that there is no problem getting your fingers behind them to pull , but if you have these installed on delicate surfaces be aware that fingernails will likely be scratching against the finish on each pull.Top quality product for a very low price . Shipping was extremely quick . They come individually packaged , with another packaged screw inside the package with the hardware so as to not roll around and scratch it up . The sticker says lifetime warranty . Would not hesitate to order again or recommend to others .
 Bought these to replace what was on our bedroom set . They are beautiful and very sturdy . Have recommended to friends .
 I usually do n't write product reviews , but these handles and the matching knobs are beautiful ! I was suprised at the quality for the price . Very heavy , expensive looking handles and knobs . I have not put them on the cabinets yet , but I hope the finish does not tarnish because I love them !
 I bought these along with the matching cabinet door knobs , because the kitchen and bathroom cabinets and drawers in the used home I just bought currently do n't have any knobs nor pulls . The quality is excellent and they are priced much more reasonably than I was able to find elsewhere . I ca n't wait to install them !!
 We used appox 155 of these handles on a new house we built and they look great . Save about $ 300.00 getting from Amazon than I could have got them at Lowes or Home depot great value look great !
 I was trying to match my kitchen pulls , they have a little more copper look on the top , but still look great .
 I put these on my white kitchen cabinets . They look amazing and there were no flaws in any of them . They arrived quickly and were packed well . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 I absolutely luv my drawer pulls . . I have been ordering separate until I have em all n have my finished cabinets looking good
 These pull handles are very elegant and beautiful . They are heavy duty and durable while still giving the cabinet or door they are attached to a look of class . I highly recommend them .
 ARRIVED ON TIME AND LOOKED AS GOOD AS THE PHOTO . EVERY BIT WHAT I WANTED.The cabinet is finished and these made it look great .
 This is one of those tools that I did n't really want to spend $ 25.00 on -LRB- that price when I bought it -RRB- . Once I had it , I no longer strugged to pocket hole right angle joints . Before , the board might shift slightly when tightening the screws - this clamp solved that . It 's one of those things that has limited use , but when you need it , nothing else will do . If you make any cabinet based work , you have to have one . I have no regrets , it works great !
 I received my clamp yesterday and tried it out today . It worked great . If you have drilled your pocket holes properly -LRB- to the correct depth -RRB- and you adjust the pressure of the `` vise grip '' correctly , you can seat the pin side firmly into the pocket hole and clamp the two pieces together . I was able to hold the two pieces with ample force with absolutely no damage to the pieces . I 'm glad that I purchased it . It is much faster than trying to use normal corner clamps . Nothing like having the right tool for the job .
 I had to buy this at a store , but it was worth it . I 'm going to order a second one here at the better price . I just used it to attach 1x2 solid wood edging to plywood for a table top . The top joint line was perfectly smooth to the fingertip over a 6 foot length , because I was able to adjust it as I was going down the edge . That would never happen with a biscuit jointer ! If you are looking at the Kreg Tools , get the Pocket System and one or two of these and you will save a lot of time and do n't have to buy a biscuit joiner .
 Want to join two pieces of wood or plywood sides at 90 degrees and your wife/buddy refuses to help any more ? These will do the trick . You can finese the wood to exactly where you want it before you drive the screws . I have two to help with creep as well as large panels . Great tool at a great price .
 It is amazing how much easier this clamp makes assembly of whatever project is at hand . As the title says , this is a must have tool for anyone making pocket hole joinery .
 This clamp works flawlessly every time . Conceptually , it 's very simple . It replaces one of the flats on a normal Kreg clamp with a pin that fits in the pocket hole . Use the clamps in one or more pocket holes while you drive the screws into the others . If you need 100 % square accuracy , you can hold a square in place against the joint while you drive the screw.By the way , you can use these to clamp items that are not flush to one another , e.g. , frame reveals , parts with differing thicknesses , and inset panels . Try THAT with a corner clamp!To the reviewer that wondered about using pocket holes on the outside of items
 I bought two of these clamps and glad I did . On occasion , I use to hold the wood in place on both ends or at a corner . I can drill a hole , clamp it then drill the other end and/or adjoining board , knowing the boards are going to be precisely in place when I put in the screws . Now its not moving.The quality is good and will last a long time . It is amazing to me still how well they can hold at a right angle . It really works!I easily recommend these and they make the finishing touch just a little easier for me .
 The RAC makes a creating a tight flush joint a snap . It actually is better then a second set of hands unless those hands can press 350lbs . A second clamp would be a good idea on larger projects . I was frustrated as the spring fell off a few times at first but I took care of it and it works fine now .
 The Kreg Right Angle Clamp is an essential tool for someone doing a full range of pocket hole joinery . It is easy and precise to use . The rubber coated handles provide good and comfortable grip . It does an excellent job of pulling right angle joints together before installing the screws .
 Well worth the investment ! On advice from others I bought two for constructing a bath vanity . They held the plywood panels together very snugly to counteract the Kreg screws tendency to pull a panel slightly inward .
 Simple . Brilliant . Essential . Expensive -LRB- in U.K. -RRB- Rubbish for getting stones out of olives , though it looks ideal for the job . : - -RRB- It is amazing how this thing gets stuff aligned _ accurately _ . Best thing - it holds firmly enough to prevent joint blow-out as the screw exits one piece of wood and jacks the second piece away instead of entering it . No longer a problem.A few test squeezes to get the clamping pressure right for the thickness of your joint , and off you go.Simple . Brilliant . Essential . If it cost two thirds as much , I 'd buy twice as many .
 This clamp is a must to get good tight joints that stay at 90 degrees . Also this company is good to do business with . Prompt shipment and arrived as stated .
 Its a simple tool and does its job . It is helpful for clamping pieces of wood together when you are joining wood for pocket holes or even for gluing .
 Great clamp for Kreg 's pocket screw holes . I order the extra clamp to go with the kit I purchased earlier . Good buy
 I 'm suprised anyone would keep the holes on the visible side of a project but even more surprised someone would `` tear up '' the work with this tool . I mean , it 's a pair of pliers with a stop , essentially , designed to go into the hole made by the Kreg drill . I ca n't see where a person could use the kit 's drill bit and end up with a hole that would be too small for this clamp . Maybe if you were making something with balsa , or some wood which simply could n't support the weight of a pair of pliers - but why would you use pocket holes for that type of joint ? Wood that slight can be glued without a metal fastener , ca n't it?Anyway , I popped in to buy another pair , because I have some tall cabinets to make and it 's convenient to hold down two points instead of one.Pocket holes rock and all the Kreg tools so far have been pretty good . This one 's a fine player on a great team .
 THIS TOOL LOOKS LIKE IT SHOULD N'T DO WHAT THEY SAY ... BUT IT DOES . THE FIRST TIME I USED IT , IT SEATED THE POCKED DRILLED WOOD PERFECTLY TO THE BASE AND HELD IT WHILE I MOUNTED IT ... WHO WOULD BELIEVE IT ? I DO NOW .
 This is a great product but if you look around you can find this clamp cheaper .
 These clamps work good in most situations . I prefer to assemble the face frames onto the cabinet base while it 's in place . This technique -LRB- when possible to actually do , allows for vertical and horizontal alignment of the frame with the adjacent cabinet . I use a 6 '' bar clamp to secure the top of the frame and one or two of these to secure the lower corner of the frame for alignment . A couple of pocket hole fasteners installed while the cabinet is in temporary alignment position fixes the location of the frame . I remove the frame and cabinet assembly with the two fixing screws in place . I place the cabinet face down on the floor , on a nice thick cloth and install the remaining screws .
 Like the reviewer of the Kreg standard face frame clamp who noted its shoddy `` imported construction '' and quality , I too was very disappointed with its inclusion in the otherwise excellent Kreg Rocket Combo.This clamp is well worth the upgrade price , with its far more substantial feel and secure locking pressure . I have made some wonderful maple cabinet face frames , quickly and solidly using the system and am quite pleased . Rails and stiles are secured absolutely flat relative to each other , the greater clamping pressure really helps.Kreg , can you please source a better standard clamp ?
 Although it is made in China , it seems to be good quality . It does what it is supposed to do . The 6 '' length makes it more versatile in my shop . Anybody who uses a pocket hole jig will greatly appreciate this clamp .
 I chucked mine into my lathe -- worked very well for guitar sides if minimal pressure used-use full tool need good dust collection and respiratory protection
 This drum sander needs support at both end - use on lathe and the problem is solved - paper moves a bit , but slower speeds seems to solve that .
 I got this rod to go with the Stabila manual-leveling rotary laser . It was expensive , but I felt it would be worth it in the long run to have a good rod with the red background so that I could see the laser beam better . I bought the 8 ' rod because it looked like a one piece rod and was hestitant to have something too long to lug around.Instead , what showed up today is a telescoping , three segment , rod that snaps into place beautifully . It has a good centering bubble level on the back so that it 's easy to know you 've got the rod plumb , and it comes in a fine soft case with shoulder strap . The case is about a foot too long for the rod . That 's a minimal hassle though as it 's top flap simply folds over and can be tied down . The length of the case is a clear indication that the longer -LRB- and apparently cheaper -RRB- rod is of the same , telescoping variety.I do n't know why Stabila does n't provide more product information up front . My guess is that their sales would skyrocket if people realized how good this rod is .
 I cracked one of my caps off my 32 '' Stabila and could n't stand the site of it missong one end cap . These are an exact OEM replacement , which is good . I bought 2 pair , just in case . : -RRB-
 I have a 1999 Honda Foreman 450S . I was installing the RT25 winch . The adaptor plate kit was simple to install and fit perfectly . There were seperate plates for the roller fairlead and the winch . I 'm glad I bought it and would recomend it to anyone installing a Warn winch .
 This is a quality product . Strong . Bolted on perfectly . Did n't have to do any mod 's . Highly recomended .
 Worked very well , sturdy construction . I obviously had to drill new holes to allow for mounting of a non warn winch . Everything worked out perfectly . I welded a round eye hook to the mount as well to make an anchor point for the winch cable while it is not in use .
 The installation was completed without any problems . The package contained all the necessary parts , as it should . The directions were easily understood and followed . The winch performs flawlessly . No one could ask for anything more . All promises made were kept . Completely recommended .
 When I go offroading I use Warn winch products . I 've been using Warn products for the past 11 years and they never let me down on the trail . I had a Warn 9.5 ti winch on my 1995 Jeep Wrangler YJ that gave me some motor problems at home , but Warn had the winch fixed like new . This Warn winch mount is built very well , and bolts right up to the Big Bear frame . My Warn RT25 winch also bolted right to the mount . Like all Warn products , it was packed very well . Go prepared !
 This fit perfectly and was easy to install on my Polaris ATV . I did have to cut it a bit to get my winch to fit on it , but I knew that before I bought it . Great buy .
 This is excellent way to install your winch . It fit perfectly all the holes lined up and the hardware was just the right size and quanity . I had to go search the Warn web site to get the correct product number and then plugged it into Amazon but it worked out perfect once they sent it to me . I tried to search on Amazon but they did not have the model of my ATV -LRB- I already tried guessing that it will fit and got the wrong mount -RRB-
 I used to carry a well known name brand multi-tool until I found a couple superior options -LRB- based on 30 + years as a fire fighter , police officer and bomb disposal -LRB- EOD -RRB- technician -RRB- . The two best multitools i have found suited for emergency service in my opinion are the SOG Powerlock S60 Made in the USA and the Victorinox Swiss Army Knife SwissTool RS made in Switzerland , both with lifetime warranties.Sooner or later all good things must come to an end and us old guys get put out to pasture to allow the young blood -LRB- s -RRB- in an organization rise to the top . Semi retired now I find my self more in the teaching mode of the nuts + bolts of how things work rather than being on the front lines leading the charge . Consequently with more free time to work around the house , truck and and other boy `` toys '' I took a serious look at the two multitools I had carried over the years and evaluated them against getting something more fitting for my current needs , something that would be used everyday , lighter weight and not have all the life saving tools featured on my previous EDC -LRB- Every Day Carry -RRB- multitools I had been carrying on the job . It should be noted there is a SOG S60 in the console of my Avalanche and a `` RS '' in my wife 's Honda Pilot glove-box just in case ! Looking at a number of choices among multitools now being offered - and there are a lot to look at -LRB- Made in USA and a lifetime warranty - were primary selection factors along with the tools functionality -RRB- my choice for a new EDC multitool was the ImmiX-10 manufactured by Loggerhead Tools in Chicago , IL , -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I had seen some of the Loggerhead tools on the TV show `` COOL TOOLS '' on the DIY Network , and the selection of tools offered seemed to fit my current semi-retired requirements . Loggerhead manufacturers a number of quality multitools and one really needs to take a close hard look at their personal requirements before making their selection -LRB- s -RRB- on a new multitool -LRB- s -RRB- . My opinion based on functionality , quality , price and reputation the tools manufactured in the USA by Loggerhead need to be on everyones short list when looking at a multitool you will use on a daily basis.My choice from the Loggerhead lineup was an ImmiX -10 with a corrosion resistant electrolysis nickel plated body . The tool has a number of functions that I deemed necessary in a multitool to fit my current requirements . # 1 was the two high-carbon , stainless-steel , retractable knife blades - one with a plain edge and the other with a serrated edge with both measuring 2.5 '' . The 6 inch Bionic Wrench -LRB- tm -RRB- design covers 14 metric and standard wrench sizes , 1/4 inch to 9/16 inch and 7 mm to 14 mm , combining the versatility of an adjustable wrench with the simplicity of pliers , a real improvement for me over the needle nose / bull nose pliers offered in other multitools - and the complicated imported adjustable wrenches now making their way to the USA . The two handles on the ImmiX-10 lock to form a powerful , ergonomic , magnetic bit driver with a torque enhancing `` pistol grip '' which enables you to comfortably and confidently apply the right amount of pressure to task at hand . The ImmiX-10 stores the included 10 of the most popular types and sizes of screwdriver heads -LRB- slotted , Phillips , Torx , and Robertson -RRB- inside one of the handles . The ImmiX-20 offers 20 bits stored in the handles but you forfeit the two knife blades . This multitool is what I consider a full size tool -LRB- NOT a useless mini - multitool -RRB- , with plenty of room to grip the handles and make the tool do it 's thing , I 'm a big guy with big paws and no way can I overpower this tool to the point something is going to bend , break or snap under normal use . The ImmiX-10 comes with a QUALITY -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- durable synthetic carrying case with a heavily stitched leather belt loop for vertical carry . There is enough room in the Immix-10 case for me to also carry my small capped Fisher Space pen AND a 4 inch steel prybar - so they are very handy and convenient when needed . The ImmiX-10 is also lighter to carry on your belt than the previous models mentioned -LRB- S60 + RS -RRB- . It did not take long for me to find projects for this workhorse to get going - the 10 rusted anchor bolts on my screenroom were the first place that the tool attacked and it performed without a problem . Looking for other things to do - a quick adjustment to my grandsons bicycle handle bars was accomplished along with making sure the wheel / axle nuts were snug and the seat was properly adjusted . Installing two replacement light fixtures in the garage made good use of the integral magnetic bit holder for tightening screws and serrated knife blade for stripping wires . Next was cutting off some vines that had wrapped around the tines on my rototiller and tightening a loose screw holding the air filter in place . The ImmiX-10 is just a fun , useful , powerful multitool to carry on your belt.The ImmiX-10 is available on line from -LSB- ... -RSB- , www.amazon.com and others.Andrew J. Gnoza , III
 I am very happy with this item.It is well suited for my type of work
 This item is well constructed and durable . Made of solid brass , this should last for a long time .
 Do n't know how I got along without these for so many years . They make life so much easier . They work on lines right up to 5/8 '' and make removing them a breeze , such a time saver . I 'm gon na grab the one for the larger size lines now .
 Purchased replacement motor for an aging outdoor unit . It would have been helpful to have instructions , although this is probably to prevent non-professionals from attempting an install . You do have to splice a connection in order to make the motor fit , but having said that it is working wonderfully and it will extend the life of the unit , until I replace it next year . Amazon 's service , was as usual , great .
 Part was exact replacement for my outside unit hjos bearing finally gave out . 4 stars only bc it took 1 day longer to arrive than expected considering i paid for 2 day expedited shipping , but part was easy to install once i received it .
 Used to repair an air ratchet my dad uses at his car repair buisness . Air ratchet is used almost daily and it works great .
 I looked at many onion style lamps -- the Kenroy Hatteras line was of good quality for a great price . The fixtures have the right amount of heft , not flimsy , nice black finish , seeded glass makes for a more unique light .
 Great item , I have now ordered my 4th one ! Do n't hessitate , get one they are awesome ! I will order more when needed .
 I really like this power strip . It 's large and heavy , owing to its metal construction . The outlets are just wall outlets , so they 're also high quality . The best thing about it is that the outlets are spaced apart from each other enough that you can fit lots of AC adapter bricks on there with no problem . I 've got one of these powering my entertainment center , and it replaced 3 smaller power strips - now I want one for my computer desk !
 Metal frame , a switch , and ten regular wall type plugs . Feels and looks HD . Too many surge protectors have custom plugs which can fail if you use them more than a few times . This device uses what looks like hardware store wall plugs . Not a molded plastic box , a screwed together metal box . Looks very repairable , although it has a lifetime warranty . Heavy duty feel rocker switch . Having a switch allows you to save energy when not using equipment . A lot of quipment these days have power supplies that use power even when turned off . It can cost a lot to keep equipment plugged in . The Kill-a-watt meter can tell you how much . Flip the switch , no dollars flow through your power meter . Time will tell if first impresions are correct . 15 foot cord is ample .
 The outlets are a little tight by todays standards but I purchased some extenders to handle the larger AC adapters .
 Heavy duty , quality product . Been using it for about 4 years now -LRB- purchased in June 2007 -RRB- and no problems at all .
 This product feels very heavy duty and is not hard to push plugs into , 15 ft cord is also a plus .
 I am very pleased with this transaction ... good deal , fast delivery , quality product ... I would buy from this company again .
 I needed a power stripe behind our small bookcase , and this one works fine . I liked its closed plug hole feature ... not sure what it is really called , but where the blades of a plug would go into the unit , it has a dust cover built inside it . I thought that was a good feature since many times a stripe will lay on the floor with the sockets exposed to dust .
 These powerstrips are well made and affordable . I like them much better than other brands at a similar price point . It looks like they will last a very long time and they seem to made of high quality materials including the switch .
 The strip works well and has a slot that slides over if an outlet is not being used . The unit is functional and I am satisfied with my purchase . Few things deserve five stars though .
 Bought this power strip to go in a gift basket so it has n't yet been used . But the order arrived quickly in good order .
 it 's so useful and convenience &#65281; The direction of the spigots are appropriate , and i thinks that it 's safe enough to me .
 it works and I like it because it charges my things . I wish I were n't a hangnail , then I would n't be hanging around all day
 It works as a cover . Keeps my compressor clean in the shed but might be good as well in the back of a ute , although it may need an extra strap to keep cover on with some compressors while transporting it around , especially in an open tray/bed truck .
 I feel that the lamp in this unit should be derated to 300 watts . The base is unstable to use on carpeted floors and the unit gets too hot and will melt synthetic fibers if it becomes upset . No switch on unit to shut it off . Cliff Coon
 This is a bunch of light for little money . There are times when a light higher off the ground would be more useful , but I like the small size for lighting full walls or the back yard . I 've had the lower stand come loose many times and finally put LockTite on the screws to fix this problem . The outside of the light does get very hot , not just in front . The only thing that continues to annoy me about this light is the lack of a power switch . I do n't like the arcing in the outlet , each time I plug or unplug this light .
 This light is much more useful than a trouble lightwhen working in a large area . It can be used indoors in finished areas but it really designed for outside use or unfinished areas . It is available under another name in a 250 Watt version also .
 After 15 years of hard use my IR 2131 impact wrench finally broke , the corners of the anvil rounded off . Got the rebuild kit , installed it in about 10 minutes . Worked great , the only problem was my fault , I failed to pre-lube the anvil where the hammers hit . After several minutes of use it started jamming up . A quick disassemble and thick coat of IR grease and she was back up and running great . I expect another 15 vyears or more out of it ! BTW , the kit picyured is a generic kit from IR 's website , the 2131-THK1 kit fits the IR2131 with normal length anvil and is different from the picture .
 The diagram and information provided me with the necessary information to make sure I was ordering the correct parts . I was very pleased with the notification of the order and delivery of these parts .
 This is the only permanently angled surge suppressor that I found , which is great behind furniture.The spacing of the plug-ins is large enough for two block transformers on each side -LRB- one right-side up and the other upside down -RRB- . I had one fail during a power failure and received excellent service and quick replacement . It was replaced at no cost , I only had to ship back the defective unit .
 I used these punches immediately after receiving them.I have used ATD tools before and am completely satisfied.I have all ways had good results with products purchased from Amazon.com .
 Not bad at all for a cheap set . Did the job , didnt mushroom . Good enough ...
 When we realized all of our computers were plugged into plain ol' `` plug strips '' and not surge protectors , we bought a bushel-basket full of these things . Not much to say about them other than they work and it was easy to plug things into the protectors.It was refreshing for a change to be able to do something with a computer and not have to worry about hardware or software compatability ! < g >
 In a word `` WOW !!!! '' Everything it promises to be . I am a specialty trim guy and I 've been regularly frustrated by my glue bottles . This one does not frustrate me . I bought three at once and I 'm glad I did - it works and makes my job so much easier . I can actually glue something rather that fiddling with the glue bottle trying to get glue out of it .
 I must have made some 20 tabletops by now , and one thing I have learned
 Picked this up at a trade show and my husband loves it . He has been a woodworker for many years -LRB- cabinetry , furniture -RRB- and is skeptical about `` reinventing the wheel '' but this glue bottle has been a huge hit . He can turn the bottle to any angle and apply the glue ... no mess ... the tip stays dry as the glue does get sucked back into the tip . Well worth a test drive .
 In my shop I use a lot of Titebond yellow glue , which I buy in gallon bottles . The 16 ounce Glu-Bot Glue Bottle is an all-position dispenser ; there is no necessity to tilt or invert the tip . Because the glue is discharged from the smaller diameter parallel cylinder , it will not dry out in the dispenser -LRB- even when you forget to replace the red cap -RRB- because of its smaller exposed surface area . The bottle comes with two different dispenser tips . The most practical is the flat tip , the opening size of which is determined by how far back you cut off the tip 's end . The other tip has a tapered needle point for more precise applications . The bottle has a large mouth filler cap , which is a must when refilling from a gallon bottle . Fortunately , each piece of the Glu-Bot can be ordered separately . Glu-Bot also makes a smaller `` mini '' version of this dispenser , which works equally well . There is nothing negative about this product !
 After years of trying to use empty condiment squeeze bottles or standard dispensers , this is the answer . - Holds a good amount of glue - less refilling . - Dispenses easily . - The glue level is always near the tip so it ready to dispense immediately . -LRB- No more upside down shaking to get the glue out of the bottom . -RRB- I bought the extra tips so I could cut one back to squeeze out a bunch for large panels , or put on a more finely trimmed one for smaller edge glue ups.Good tool purchase !
 Similar products used
 this is a great product . It allows you to put glue on without having to tip the bottle over which sometimes there just is n't room to do conveniently with Crown Molding .
 I am giving this 4 stars , because I use a lot of glue . This system allows you to spread glue in very small amounts . This prevents additional cleaning of the glue from the wood . However , the nasal will clog on you if you do not clean after each use . Recommend using a small pin . Hope this helps .
 not clog proof but clog resistant with a little care . VERY GOOD CONTROL WHEN APPLYING GLUE .
 Got this before some big glue-up projects I had . I 've put a nearly a gallon of glue through it now I thought I 'd post a review . The glue stays in the delivery chamber making it easy to apply glue even when the tip is above the level of glue in the reservoir . The inter-changeable tips work well . I bought the accessory pack of tips/caps and was glad I did when a cap went missing for a couple of days . Thankfully its bright red and I eventually found it . Nice glue bottle .
 Why did I wait such a long time to buy the Glu-Bot ? For year I have been frustrated with the bottles to glue came in , always blocked with dry glue.This simple bottle solved my problems and it works wonderfully well in any position.If you do wood-working -LRB- or use glue for any other job -RRB- , you just can not afford to not have one.Bert
 This is a real time saver . I have used this glue dispenser many times , I have left the cover off and it has not gotten hard on me . For the money , I would highly recommend this Glue dispenser , in fact I have two of them and I plan on getting more for all my glues
 Pros-It comes with multiple tips-It sucks the glue back well-It 's easier to control the flow at any angleCon-It does n't suck all the glue back and I usually have to unscrew the tip and clean out the corners of the tip when the glue dries or it will be harder to squeeze . Actually the Titebond glue bottle tip does n't get clogged up as quick as this tip , but because of the superior functionality of the FastCap bottle , I reach for it first .
 Elmers wood glue stock will decline now that i have Fastcap . For years i 've spilled and waisted glue on the pieces of recycled funiture i create , applying to much glue in all , cleaning up with a wet towel but not with bottle . I bought 2 bottles and i will order more
 LOVE This glue bottle ! Its so simple , yet so helpful ! I have been a woodworker for 25 + years , and in the last 5 yrs developed RA which has pretty much ruined my hands , but I still woodwork , always looking for something that will make it easier on my hands to use . This is IT ! I poured 3 bottles of Elmers Woodglue Max in it , then went to work ! WOW !! You tighten the large top cap , take off the red cap on the spout and just gently squeeze the &#34; bulbs &#34; on the side of the bottle , glue flows right out , release pressure and the glue is sucked back down ! Works everytime ! Nice flat bottom so it stands well , and the red cap fits on the large yellow cap to store it ! Once the glue dried in the tip , but I had it cut VERY Small , I just poked a finishing nail in it and POOF I was back in business !! You CAN NOT go wrong on the this bottle ! If you use glue for anything , BUY IT !
 I purchased the Glu-Bot after my old method of gluing finally gave up . I had just been using a small plastic container , using a small wooden `` popsicle stick '' to `` scoop '' out the glue and spread it on whatever I was gluing . So far , the Glu-Bot has been much better and cleaner than the previous method . I put the glue in , the correct nozzle , and was gluing 2 boards together much easier . Just laying the glue out on one board , and then spreading it with my popsicle stick is working way better than how I was doing it . I 'm curious to see how long the bottle lasts under my part-time conditions , and if it ends up plugging up because of glue drying . But the several times I 've used it have been great .
 Item received as described.Got item quickly in the mail . I would recommend to anyone . Great price and quality . No issues
 Really like this for gluing . Would never go back to using dispensers that the glue comes in or condiment bottles . Works at any angle .
 I highly recommend the Glu Bot . I have both the small and large size . This product will save you time when applying glue because you do n't have to wait 5-10 seconds for the glue to run back to the tip every time you pick up the bottle . Those seconds can add up to a lot of frustration and stress when you 're trying to get your assembly put together . Also , like the other reviewers have said , it 's nice to be able to work at any angle . The seal on the red cap may not be perfect , but I keep Titebond 2 in there all the time and I have n't had a problem with it . I frequently go months without using it , so you can leave glue in there long-term . Also , you can purchase the large bottles and save some money if you use a lot of glue . For $ 8 , it 's well worth it .
 So much easier to use than the bottle that glue comes in and has a great tip too . Delivery was very prompt
 I really like this glue applicator as it eliminates the mess while always maintaining the glue supply when upright . There is even an adapter to attach a standard glue roller tip , but no one seems to carry it ???? The Glu-Bot is a handy addition to any shop .
 Awesome ! I have many of these and like the little ones too for edge gluing the fine edges on some of my work .
 The FastCap Glu-Bot glue bottle reduces frustration with getting the glue to the spout and just plain gets it out faster . On large glue-ups it is a big help . Great to grab and go in my woodworking shop . I buy glue by the gallon to refill . An obvious economical benefit .
 I have never found a better flashlight and they 've made the switch even better . It 's so small and convenient . Ca n't think of a thing I would change .
 I got these to do ... well ... what else ? Landscaping ! Up till now I justed used the cheap , throw-away gloves you get at the store . None lasted longer than a month at my new landscaping job . I wanted a pair that were going to last a while and be comfortable to wear . These are those gloves ! I have been using -LRB- and abusing -RRB- them for over a year now and they have not even popped a stitch yet ! All the others tend to start loosing the fingers within a few weeks , but the whole glove seems to be stitched together very well ! I also tend to sweat a lot at some of the jobs and almost forgot that these gloves come with a handy built-in sweat rag . Just whip the back of the thumb across your forehead ! The sweat rags , for how small they are , absorb and evaporate away A LOT of moisture out in the hot sun . These gloves surely take a beating and keep on digging . For those in landscaping I highly recommend these gloves - they are definitely worth the price !
 I 've only had these gloves for a few months . So , as to long term durability of these gloves -LRB- which is certainly a defining element of work gloves -RRB- I can not say . However , I am more than happy so far . Heretofore , I 've only owned standard horsehide work gloves , and I 'd say these are a great improvement . The best thing is that they are washable , which for gardening gloves is invaluable . These also fit better than any gloves I 've ever had , making them more comfortable and utile . I 've never had a really good-fitting pair of gloves , and it makes a huge difference - it 's like having shoes that fit properly for the first time . On that note , if Ironclad gloves do n't seem to fit quite right , like some lines of shoes do n't fit everyone , then I 'd suggest you look elsewhere , because much of the value of these gloves will be lost . The synthetic materials are very tough and breath well . As tough as these gloves are , I will say this
 I use these for general work around the yard . They 're warm , absorb a lot of perspiration , have a felt area on the back of the thumb and hand lets you wipe off sweat from your forehead , and seem pretty tough . I havent cut or penetrated them so far even when working with roses and pruning saws . They 're pretty warm though , so in the summer you might want two pair so you can switch off . Good grip and no trouble handling tools and small parts . Cant open a beer can with them on , which is a major downside but not unusual .
 I put these gloves to the test this summer . I am super hard on gloves doing landscaping and tree trimming , yet these are the best I have ever used . Lasted a solid 4 months with everyday use .
 Very impressed - would still be using them for general work around the house/yard but was working with concrete blocks and just tore them up . Not the gloves fault ! Great fit and very comfortable .
 I purchased these Ironclad HUL-04 Heavy Utility gloves and am very glad I did . I do a fair amount of renovation work on old houses , including plumbing and electrical work that involves plenty of work inside stud wall cavities . In these old houses the original old rough sawed 2x4 studs -LRB- when they made them true to size ! -RRB- along with all the old rough sawed wood lath boards do a real number on your hands - splinters and scrapes galore ! In the past , my hands would be covered in scrapes , cuts and splinters from the very beginning of the renovation project.Now with these well made utility gloves they help protect my hands when working up inside stud wall cavities , and they thank me for it!These gloves are not so cumbersome to hinder any fine-dexterity work , such as with many electrical install tasks.One note is , these gloves are heavy enough that on really hot weather job sites -LRB- I was helping build a porch on a nice 90 + degree week in August -RRB- they do n't breath very well ... so your hands will sweat like crazy!But they are well made , comfortable and work really well .
 I do metal detecting and have tried at least 10 other types of gloves . These are the best . They outlast others and have a tough palm and fingertips . Normal fit . Velcro closure is quick to take on and off .
 I bought these for my husband and me to work in the yard . So far they 've been great for general landscaping use ... The big thing I like with these is that I was able to pick up branches and vines with thorns and not get stuck ! And they 're very flexible -- not stiff . And they really do fit ` like a glove ' ... stretchy , clingy fit as opposed to loose . They 've also got a little `` ID '' area for you to write your initials -LRB- helpful so my husband does n't grab my mediums or me his larges -RRB- . The only thing to be aware of really is that the gloves only come up to the wrist , so right at the back of your hand . So , there 's no protection for the wrist itself . We have n't found this to be a problem yet but it could be for others .
 For those of you that have been looking for outdoor yardwork gloves that do n't get holes at the finger tips after the first or second use ... your wait is over . The Ironclad HUL-04 appears to be up to the challenge , as I 've been doing extensive weeding and rock movements over the past several weeks with absolutely no damage to the gloves . They fit snuggly and feel relatively soft to the touch on the inside . As a result of my delight with the Ironclad HUL-04 , I have finally purged the stack of finger-hole gloves squirreled away in various spots in the garden shed and basement that were purchased from Home Depot and Lowe 's over the past several years . You ca n't go wrong with the Ironclad heavy-duty Landscaper Gloves !
 I 've only had these about 2 months , but I 've already put these work gloves through a lot . I 've primarily used them cleaning up storm debris - cutting and hauling lots of downed limbs/trees - from a late October snow storm here in the northeast . They 've held up very well . I would recommend them for any type of general yard work . FYI
 I do a lot of digging , planting , stacking wood , moving stones , etc. . All things that wear through gloves like butter . Not these ! Definitely tougher than the standard issue Ironclad -LRB- which are still pretty darned good -RRB- .
 In the past I used 3 different gloves for different outside tasks with varying degrees of success . My wear out rate was about 2 gloves per week during the good weather months . Last year I purchased my first Ironclad HUL = 04-L Landscaper gloves and two pair lasted me the entire 8 months . This year I am doing more outside work and am only on my second pair . The best part is that you forget you are wearing gloves after the first minute or two . I only wish I had found them 20 years ago !
 I Love them , they look really sturdy . Used them a lot for a week and the ' r good ! Just buy them if you look at my review .
 the materials used are very durable , while being fairly thin . this makes it the glove breathe well . It fits weird though , or my right index finger is much shorter than the left .
 Since I have been in the grocery business for like 7-8 years my hands experience a lot of wear from cardboard boxes and just general paper cuts . I 've gone through numerous amounts of gloves from the sticky gardening gloves all the way to just really grippy utility gloves and gloves that come from different grocery brands . They all wear really bad and I just have to throw them away . Now , I work in a cooler so I bought these gloves and they work like a charm , just need to be a little bit warmer , but thats the opposite of what you want for landscaping . The pads on the hands seem very durable but they could be a little bit more grippy . I 've stocked two dairy loads with them so far and no signs of wear , on all the other gloves I owned my index finger would already be poking through the glove . So these gloves seem great , buy em !
 A good sturdy down rod with very durable paint coat . Fit well with our Minka-Aire fan . Would most likely work with other brands .
 Fits my G series Karcher 3,000 PSI Pressure washer . It does covers all areas except the bottom . Good design . Did n't have to collopse the handle to fit . Also has a ajustable belt connector to help keep the cover on . Would reccomend this to help protect your pressure washer .
 This cover fits our pressure washer perfectly . We store the pressure washer outside , and the cover also protects it from the elements . We are very pleased with the quality as well .
 Fits perfectly to my Generac pressure washer . I think the cover is a universal one and heavy and reinforced where it should be . Water proof for sure . Would buy it again without question .
 This cover does an excellant job of covering the entire machine . It also is very good at staying on due to the elastic bottom . Winds coming thru our carport do not blow off the cover as prior tarp covering did , regardless of how I tried to keep it on .
 It was exactly what I expected . It fit and seemed to be well made and heavy enough to do the job .
 I bought this cover to keep dirt and grime off of the power washer I also bought . It fits great and it is doing its job well .
 This product covers our upright Husky power washer very effectively . I do not find the quality flimsy at all , the waterproof fabric is the same weight as the cover we use for our lawn mower .
 Great item , does exactly what I want it to do , the price was right and the shipping was outstanding .
 Excellent quality cover and Amazon was great to deal with and I received my item quickly !!
 I like to keep all of my seasonal equipment covered dur the off season . This cover fits perfectly , is well constructed and is exactly what I wanted !
 Best glue gun I have used for the price . Hands down . Used it almost everyday for a month now , glue comes out quickly . It heats up to temp quickly , the cordless feature works great , glue stays hot long enough . Does n't feel cheap in my hand . Its a good buy . I searched all over . There is nothing better that is cordless at this price . Next step would be to buy a $ 70 glue gun.I have used 10 different glue guns . This is better than all of them , including a lot of Surebonder models . Only one that is equivalent is Adtech Pro-90 which is not cordless . Most other glue guns have broken . Or leak glue everywhere .
 ordered this gun , got it fast about 1 week.This glue gun gets very hot almost to hot to use on foam.heats up quick about 3.5 min . I like the trigger design its comfortable I found it to work after 10 min cordless at least.It does what it says.I say GET IT .
 I use this blade with a Hitachi CC12Y cut off saw . It looks like a big angle grinder . Cuts concrete up to 4 inches thick . I have used the blade dry and it will make a lot of dust . Indoors use a shop vac close to blade and use a second hose on the vac exhaust to vent it outdoors . I bought it to cut the concrete floor of a rental house to change the bathroom plumbing . Cutting the concrete is easier than trying to smash up the concrete with a sledge hammer . Does the job fast at a reasonable price .
 I own a half dozen of the individual Solar Flood lights , another half dozen of the 3 packs -LRB- same light design X 3 connected to a single solar panel -RRB- and 3 sets of the Bollard style lamps.Let me say upfront - NO Solar Light on the market comes anywhere near these!HOWEVER , please note that Solar lights are not the same as conventional lighting . Once you understand this simple fact , you 'll enjoy this product.They cast a relatively intense beam for about 5-6 feat and then the light loses intensity . They will illuminate anything 5 feet away but after that , become accent lighting . This is an obstacle that Solar lights have stuggled to overcome since their inception ... BUT WAIT ... If you want even more power , take a look at Malibu solar 's newest offering , the LZ6002 series on their website -LRB- Google it -RRB- - Full metal construction , 4 LED bulbs -LRB- vs. 3 -RRB- and a much better design overall . It 'll probably cost more , but looks to be the best Solar mini lights out there.And finally , if even 4 LED bulbs just wo n't cut it , go ahead and purchase the Malibu LZ605RP Solar Floodlight - It 's harder to find , but it has TWELVE LED Bulbs that cast a VERY strong beam through its focussed reflector . Definately the king of Solar floodlights under $ 60 . If you ca n't find it anywhere online , call the company through their website and they 'll sell it to you
 It emits a nice blue / white light -LRB- much like moon light -RRB- . Max distance is about 15 to 20 feet , but is more of a wide beam ; so it is ideal for lighting up an entrance way . I 've read alot of good reviews on this product over most others . I just bought mine but heard they last for a good year before the batteries need replacing .
 I purchased two of these lights at my local Wal Mart store -LRB- $ 19.95 ea -RRB- and used them to light up a for sale sign in front of my house -LRB- one on each side -RRB- . They worked perfectly . I ended up not needing to sell my home , but now I have them in my backyard lighting up a rock wall . They give GREAT accent lighting . I have a 40 ' section of wall 7 ' high and one light can illuminate about a 4-6 ' section . I 'm planning on getting a few more to fully light the wall . I also just built a second story deck and they worked great for lighting the columns of the deck to below . Not sure if I 'm going to use them for top down lighting or bottom up . Either way they are perfect . They give a range of about 7 ' . I 'd say they 'd be perfect for lighting a small tree or something no larger than 10 ' tall .
 I have tried other solar lights but the Malibu Solar Plastic Flood Landscape Light with the LED 's is far the best I have found . I even use them to light our Flag at night .
 These solar lights are just what I was looking for to illuminate an outdoor staircase at night . They are bright enough to light up the stairs without being too bright as to be annoying .
 I keep it outside during the summer and winter in New England . And survived for 3 years so far . I frankly did not expect it :--RRB- Not too bright , but good enough to light the front steps dimly so I can tell if they are ice covered or not . Wish they can be brighter .
 We 've used this luminaire for about eight months to light our lodge 's `` dog walk '' sign and the waste disposal area . Fastened at the peak of a storage shed , it 's exposed to the Colorado sun all day and it stays on all night , summer and winter . It does n't wash a large area but it is bright and serves a function , providing a halo in a dark corner of the property . Great for the purpose .
 I really like this light , I have bought three . It works very well , holding an 8 hr . charge , keeping OUR FLAG illuminated all thru the night.Too bad this product has been discontinued instead of developed further !
 We purchased this solar light for our RV . We have a little welcome sign that we set up at our campsites and wanted something to show it off at night . This works great . We mounted it to a base so it could be moved into sunlight during the day to recharge the batteries . The light remained lit all night . The only thing I would add is an on/off switch . I have to remove the batteries -LRB- which is very easy -RRB- when packing it away for our next trip.If you are looking for a flood light to brightly light a large area this is not for you but for accent lighting or ambient lighting this is perfect .
 Been using over a month and works great . I 'm lighting a small figurine in the front yard . Do n't expect it to light a huge area , not what it 's made for .
 I bought one of these and mounted it about 6 feet above my back door . It gets direct sun for about 4-5 hours a day . At night it illuminates the back door most of the night , with a brightness just above a full moon , plenty of light to see to use my keys -LRB- the main purpose -RRB- . The adjustability is great , I was able to angle the lamp how I wanted and still able to angle the solar panel in an optimum way.The only thing is the neck does n't securely attach to the base , it just fits over a 2 '' section like a glove . I have mine mounted horizontally , so I was concerned it might slide off -LRB- and thought about gluing it , but it has n't been an issue yet .
 Love these spots . I have bought other solar lights that are wimpy , but not there guys . I plan to buy more .
 We know solar lightings are getting better and better . This one 's not too bright , but it 's installed easily and works fine in our garden . Extra lighting like this works fine for home security , works even if there 's power outage at night .
 These lights are terrific and give off great light for as little as they are . I plan to buy more .
 The product is and works as advertised . Assembly consists of unscrewing the top from a ` toothpaste '' type flexible tube and threading it onto the metal injector . You squeeze the tube to prime it and the grease gun works as stated . It delivers a measured amount of grease on each push with the palm of the hand into the fitting you have selected . A few drops -LRB- 2-3 -RRB- of the included oil goes into the inlet of the air tool about every thirty minutes depending on use of the tool , if you do n't have an auto oiler.Bear in mind that different air powered tools take different kinds of grease . Some have grease fittings and some do n't . This grease is specific for my Ingersoll-Rand Tungsten ratchet which has two lubrication ports . My Chicago Pneumatic has no grease fittings.Read the owner 's manual or call the manufacturer to see what kind of grease , if any , is required and when . There are various kinds of grease for different tools , even within the Ingersoll-Rand tool lineup . I was all set to order from another site , but decided to call I-R . I am glad that I did . I would have ordered the wrong grease , even though the grease gun was the same . I-R told me exactly the kind and type of grease needed . I went to Amazon and they had it . If you use the wrong type of grease you can degrade the performance of the air tool or even damage it . Mine requires greasing every 48 hours of use . That can be a long time interval because the tool is used in short bursts amounting to seconds . I hope that whoever reads this finds it helpful .
 The 67-LBK1 Air Care Kit is for Ingersoll Rand * angle grinders * . The 105-LBK1 kit is for Ingersoll Rand metallic housing * impact wrenchs * . The 115-LBK1 kit is for Ingersoll Rand composite housing * impact wrenchs * .
 As advertised . Great little lubrication kit for your air tools . Bottle of air tool oil , tube of grease and grease pump for high pressure fittings .
 The Glu-Bot is fantastic , but I do n't think extra caps are necessary unless you lose yours ... even then I bought some red rubber roll on caps from Lee Valley I use in conjunction with the cap that came with the Glu-Bot . I have had no problems with that combo ... my tip is always ready to go !
 I thought I would need these tips to do detailed gluing , but I have not had the need to use them yet . I would just buy the glu-bot and see if you need these tips later . I do n't think I will ever need to break them out .
 I work as a carpenter for a San Francisco contractor , and I bought this level a couple weeks ago . It is easy to read and completely reliable . My fellow carpenters love to use it , as do I. High quality , made in Germany . Guaranteed accurate for life -LRB- as long as you do n't bend the frame -RRB- . If you can afford it , I would very much recommend this level . Rubber protectors at each end are removable .
 I use my Stabila levels for both carpentry and tile work . Regardless of the task they perform magnificently and live up to the promotional advertising you read.I own eight Stabila levels and find each one to be indispensable , different lengths for different functions . I appreciate the light weight and removable end caps and the durability and clarity of the vials.Stabila makes a great product that I highly recommend for the crafts person who wants excellent results.Stabila 78196 Complete 6 level set with case , -LRB- Includes ; 37478 , 37459 , 37432 , 37424 , 37416 , 25200 , 30025 -RRB-
 A three foot level is not a very commonly owned tool . I do n't work with or even know anybody else who has one besdies myself and people are always trying to run off with it . But I say NUts to that and keep it stashed where nobody can get at it . Except for me . Mostly it 's good for putting in oddly sized windows and i guess it 's aight for throwing in 3-0 doors , it fits snugly between the jambs and all that , in case you just really do n't trust your two foot level or whatever . But yeah , mostly it 's just like a four footer but shorter , or a two footer but longer . As goldi locks said at one point or another , `` it 's just right '' . So there you have it . Be cool . Own a three foot level . Stabila preferably .
 I own a cabinet cabinet company that mostly does installs on million dollar + homes , I refuse to use anything that would make my work less than perfect . I have two sets of stabila levels , I sent one back to recalibrate it because it droped one to many times . I got it back and it read as good as new . It is true you get what you pay for .
 I remodle houses , this level is accurate and easy to use . Reccomend it to all serious carpenters
 I have never used a more accurate and comfortable level . As with all my past experiences with Stabila products , this level is a joy to use . I also purchased the cloth case made specifically for this level and found it to be of the same quality as the level . Could n't be more pleased.R . LeBoeuf
 when you hold this level , you can feel the quality compared to most plastic types you can find at your local warehouse store . perfect size for jobs around the house .
 This is expensive , but it actually LOOKS like it should cost this much . It 's a professional level and should last for generations !
 If you need a well made and accurate level , look to the Stabila line . You 'll never need to buy another brand due to lack of quality . You will admire these for their feel and how well they are made . But you will enjoy using them due to their top performance and accuracy .
 I never thought a bubble level could be so much fun ! Accurate , sturdy construction , and brightly painted . My two year-old loves it ! It 's also handy for cracking hard boiled eggs .
 Very high quality tool . This tool is going to last me a long time .
 I am very pleased with this level . The four foot length is great for large projects , it is very easy to read and my deck came out level and straight!My contracting friend told me that many levels that are purchased in the store are not accurate . He also told me if I wanted one that is the best made , to get a Stabila . He is right , this is the best .
 Level was brand new and price was reduced from local stores and plus it had free shipping . Shipping was fast and product is all it was advertised to be . Great service and easy site to use to order from . Will use site to order more tools when I need them . H.A. Stupka
 iam sure i have order level with `` metal '' alloy sides ... the one they have send me is not like that one on the picture ... the sides of the level are painted like the whole thing . that is anoying if u are a carpenter , working with primed wood or around glue ... after use its realy hard to clean level surface ... coming of with the level paint . .
 I have owned this Coast keychain flashlight for over two months now , and use it in one of the harshest environments I think a flashlight could see , that being Iraq . Every night this gets used 5-6 times as the base is very dark , and I have had ZERO problems with it . It shines bright enough to illuminate several feet in front of you , and makes tasks very easy to accomplish given that it 's really bright up close.I found that you can turn the little pocket clip to cover the on/off button , and then push in the center of the clip . This will push the on/off button , but keeps from accidentally turning it on.The one downside is that the black coating comes off pretty easily it 'd seem . I started noticing this about two days after I started using it on my keychain . Nothing can ever be perfect , but a tougher finish would definitely be a plus , and is the only reason I have n't given this product a 5 rating .
 This is a keychain-sized LED light that projects a bright , blue-white , very uniformly illuminated circle -LRB- about 6 inches across from 2 feet away -RRB- . I find a surprising number of uses for it since it 's always with me on my -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- keychain . It has worked very well ; the only reason for the 4 stars is that Coast has made it about twice as large as it needs to be , and it would be even more useful and inconspicuous at half the size .
 Neatly packed , comes in a box with a booklet showing different types of lights . I would have giving this light 5 stars but in the product description it says German-engineered , but it has stamped made in China on on the box , so I would guess the light is also made in China , otherwise it seems the box would also have German engineered on it . Product description is rather misleading . Price is good , better than other sites which could be twice as much , but could get a similar bright light made in China for about $ 3 to $ 5 . Otherwise , it is attractive , the right size , and it does have a nice bright light , so far , which is great . Have n't used it long enough to see how long it is going to last .
 I bought the 16 inch Stabila type 196 level a couple of years ago as part of a package with the 48 inch level . To be honest I bought the package to get the 48 inch level . The two level package was too cheap to pass up . This level is exactly what you would expect ... a shorter version of the `` gold standard '' Stabila type 196 . The type 196 construction is especially beefy for a 16 inch level . Okay , its strong , accurate and good looking , but what do you do with it ? I found it to be perfect for leveling 18 to 24 inch kitchen cabinets . There are those times when a more common 24 or 48 inch level is too long . That 's when you reach for the 16 inch . It 's also great to have when you are `` packing light '' and do n't want or need to take a larger level to a job . I do n't know what your specific applications are , but you wo n't find a better level if you want quality , accuracy and strength . A little pricey , but you 'll enjoy it every time you use it . Highly recommended . Good luck .
 This is great for not having to lift heavy gas cans on the farm . Getting older save that body is my motto ! I have ones for kerosene , gas , and diesel fuel . Do n't use the same one for all ! It wo n't last forever but it sure helps on the lifting and holding 5 gal . cans . Yes I have smaller cans but this eliminates using the small cans on the tractors , lawn mowers etc. . Great for any homeowner .
 Need to pump water out of deck pots , this is the answer . Works well but must be careful with the tube.It could be a little heavier plastic .
 got this for second job - works great - charges quick - best used for med to light work only .
 This is the best little investment I have made in a long time.I put together a dresser using this and it went 1,2,3 . Nice power and keeps going . Very comfortable to use.For the price , could n't ask for more .
 Great quality and really look nice where we put them and were easy to install . All in all a worthwhile purchase .
 I 've bee using Klein tools since 1979 . Being an electrician , it 's all about the tools . These handles are on every pair of Kleins I have including linesmans , dikes , needle nose , compact cable cutters and crimpers . I will continue to buy these handles for all my tools .
 Great Product , pliers fit nicely in case . These are pliers that have to be reversed with the large knurled screw removed to make them either inner or outer snap ring pliers . Very sturdy and nice grips .
 My husband was happy with this product . He will use it at our Garage . He likes the grips ob these Snap ring Pliers . Our order came to us in a timely manner and was at a good price .
 I am a carpenter and I had been waiting for the release of this for a year now . I really wanted the self leveling base , but it has not been released yet . The manual base is sufficient . The design is outstandingly simple and precise . The two thumbscrews and 2 vials make it the easiest device to level that I ever saw . The magnetic cubes are a brilliant idea -- extremely versatile . Great battery life -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- . My experience with it is this . When I first got it , it was obviously missing a crucial plastic part which caused it to short out upon connection . I simply put a piece of tape in its place to keep the power strip from contacting the metal cube base -- problem solved . I could n't tell whethert it was broken or deformed from the factory.I am very meticulous about checking my levels for accuracy , and I know that very few levels come out of the store which are accurate . So naturally , I did a check on my new cube and found it to be off about 3/16 '' over a 6 ' span -LRB- used my accurate 6 ' level to check it -RRB- . Not a big problem . The way it is designed , you can take out the vials and shim up the shoulders to get the vials to read accurately -LRB- this something that Zircon probably would not encourage , but it is too easy to do -RRB- . I put about 4 pcs of clear tape on the shoulder that needed a boost and it was dead on after the first try.I told my co-worker to buy a couple so we can share parts . He bought 2 and we compared them all . His were not broken or deformed . The bases were dead on level . We noticed that my cube had a beam that got very thick -LRB- like 1/2 '' thick -RRB- over a distance of about 35 ' , while one of his cubes was a very tight beam -LRB- about 1/8 '' thick -RRB- at the same distance . His other was somewhere in between . So I figured this is luck of the draw . Theres nothing you can do to tweak that part.I used the device on a project I was working on which was very complex , and I found myself saying -LRB- as I do with several invaluable tools -RRB- how did I ever get along without this?A few more points , the base and cube retails for only $ 5 more than just a cube , so I would always buy a new base with each additional cube I buy . That way you can pick the best one and have extras on hand.I 'm not sure why anyone would need a dot cube . For $ 5 more , a line cube does it all.My co-worker also bought the jamb pole . We were both dissapointed that it did not include a clamping system -LRB- especially given the price -RRB- . But it is not hard to rig up a platform with a hand spring clamp and a piece of plywood bolted to it.All in all , an extremely versatile tool , and a great buy -LRB- versus buying a high end rotating laser -RRB- . I would highly recommend it and highly recommend tweaking it right out of the box .
 This is a well made case which keeps levels protected and conveniently grouped together . I like the fact that I can carry a single bag to my project and pull the appropriate size level -LRB- s -RRB- without having to make repeated trips back to my workbench in order to grab one that is longer or shorter . More often than not , all 5 levels end up out of the bag and in use anyway , so it 's nice to have them in a single tote.I never thought I had so many uses for so many different sized levels until I bought this bag and filled it with an assortment of Stabilas . The high-visibility case is easy to locate amidst the clutter of my basement , which is another plus - it 's never lost .
 This multiple level case is more than adequate to hold all my levels . The sizing for each is sufficient and once full it still allows easy access to the level I want to use .
 I have four of the five levels that will fit in this case , and needed a convenient way to carry them . The padding could be more rigid , but it is quite adequate without too much bulk . The case is perfectly designed to carry all five levels without making it awkwardly shaped . The pockets are easily accessible and close securely . My only true gripe is that it does not have a small handle in addition to the shoulder strap , and the shoulder strap is not removable . But is does have a hard plastic loop to hang the case with all of the levels inside of it on the wall . I 'm very happy with this case and the price is reasonable for the level of quality .
 This is a great way to store and haul all those different size levels . Certainly it 's a specialty thing , but when you have and use multiple levels on various jobs , this is the way to go .
 I got the Stabila set -LRB- 48 , 24 , and torpedo -RRB- for myself as a gift , and wanted to protect them in my shop and when on the road . This was a perfect fit . Very durable , easy to take the levels in and out , and very easy to carry with the shoulder strap . A great addition to keep my tools clean and safe .
 Have my 4 , foot , 2 foot , and torpedo in one bag.Hung it with mini bungie hangers below the back window , behind my truck seats.Levels stay well insulated in the bag.Easy to get to any of the levelsThey all stay squeaky clean!No more out-of-plumb levels ...
 I 'm not a contractor , and I do n't play one on my own DIY TV show . But I do have a set of Stabila levels that I have acquired over years of DIY projects at home . After purchasing a torpedo level to complete my set , I knew I needed a place to store the entire set , particularly when I traveled to work on projects for friends . The Stabila 5-pocket Case keeps it all together ... stylishly . There 's no chance that I will misplace a level or leave one behind at a friend 's house . The case is well made and its shoulder strap allows me to transport and store my levels together in one place .
 While I agree it probably is n't worth $ 16.00 , it is the only tape I have found lately that measures inside and outside accurately . I 'm a cabinetmaker not a carpenter so a 16 foot 3 \ 4 '' tape is all I want . It also has a matte finish which makes it easier to read .
 I 've been looking for this and did n't know it . After using this small bottle for glue ups I ordered the complete set . This small bottle is great for joinery . I used it for box joints and dovetails with great results . When gluing the joints , the bottle stays upright so glue does n't continue to come out . A slight squeeze at each joints puts just the right amount of glue there to brush on.No more scrapping off the tip of dried glue . The glue retreats back into the bottle and leaves a clean tip . I even forgot to put the top back on overnight and the bottle still worked right the first time I squeezed it the next day.The large bottle worked great for joining boards for a table top . I had to glue two pieces together to get the right thickness and then joined several of them to get the width . The large bot bottle put down a uniform bead if both cases with almost no pressure on the bottle.If you use glue in your workshop you 're missing out with a set of these .
 This product does what it states and does it well ! With 4 ounces of glue and an easy to squeeze center area you can go the extra mile , well not really a mile , and spread the happiness to what ever project you are doing.Two caveats are make sure you put the cap on the part of the cover to the bottle and keep an eye on it . It tends to fall off way to easy and is prone to get in the way of close encounters at 90 degrees . Also make sure you clean the tip often other wise as some of he glue dries it causes the glue coming out of the spout to slow down , make a smaller bead or not come out at all.Even with these small problems i would still recommend this product to a friend !
 Works just as advertised . the yellow cap cracked from overtightening shortly after I started using it . Recommend buying the replacement caps and tips to have on hand .
 so easy to use and you have pinpoint accuracy for what you are gluing . my husband is a wood artist and is so very pleased with this product !
 Provides a small amount of glue for glueing such things as wood plugs or when you require a small amount of glue to attach mini pieces of wood .
 I use this product for building model aircraft . I think its great . Allows me to use titebond -LRB- watered down -RRB- with great control and no need to clear the tip and no drips . Works perfectly
 This is cheap insurance for your power tool . Proper care will provide years of trouble free use.This takes the guess work out of caring for your air tools .
 nothing to get excited about - it is oil & grease for pneumatic tools - The small bottle WILL leak keep it standing if room allows . if you work in a shop where you have a lot of moisture in the air lines I recommend twice daily oiling of your tools . I also have an inline moisture filter.grease your impact tools at least once a week.shipping and product are fine no troubles
 What can you say . It 's oil and grease . Very expensive for what it is , but it 's what the manufacturer recommends
 Have n't used it yet but the grease gun looks like a quality piece and the grease and oil look to be good for the job
 well , i liked that all of the material was in one place . i do n't think the oil is anything special but at least i know it will not harm the impeller . reasonable value , imho
 Bought this lube kit when I bought my 2135TI , and it works as advertised with my IR 2130 and IR 2135 .
 Buy a few extra , cut them for different types of usage . Or just save them until you have managed to wreck the old tip.Cheap \ easy \ fit perfect .
 I bought some extra and have not had the need to use them yet , but the Glu-Bot is so useful , if something happened to the tip that came with it , I would want to replace it immediately -LRB- yes it is that good for controlled glue dispersement -RRB- Glue-ups are stressful enough ... this invention is the bomb !
 This is the single best improvement in framing tools that I have seen . No more guesswork dealing with crowned studs . If you lay out your plates accurately , this level will reward you . If you are sloppy with your layout ; however , you should stick to your old methods . This level is faster and more reliable than any laser and rewards efforts at precision . One nice feature is to be able to see exactly how far a wall is out of plumb .
 I generally love Stabilia levels , and I own 5 of them , but for a plate level , this one can not compete with my Plumb-It PIX 5.0 . Conceptually they 're similar , with the exception that the Plumb-It reduces to about a third of its length which means that my PIX 5.0 can go from 5 feet to almost 14 feet . If you 're going to spend the money on a plate level , why not get one that can extend 6 feet longer ? The extra length allows the Plumb-It to be used on taller walls , skylight shafts , locating lighting fixtures -LRB- though I 'd use a laser for this as it 's easier -RRB- , as well as to horizontally level long stretches of cabinets , floors , decks , etc. . Plus the Plumb-It is super durable -LRB- it 's survived a ton of jobsite abuse -RRB- , super accurate , and that Plumb-It sells replacement parts for affordable prices in the event of a disaster .
 I purchased two of the Coast LED Lenser UFO Light keychain white LED flashlights . One worked perfectly well and I was very pleased . The other was barely a dim light which was very disappointing . I truly recommend this product as long as it is shipped in working order . It is perfect for unlocking doors when in dimly lit areas as well as finding your way in a dark parking lot . My friend used hers to read wall plaques in a museum and it helped her a great deal . The uses for this are abundant .
 Good enough . Nothing fancy leather probably wo n't last forever but does the job . B la blah blah blah blah blah blah
 The other reviewer is correct when he says that the case is n't as pictured . For the most part it 's like the case shown but there is n't a cut out on the front and the Stabila name does n't appear anywhere on the case , only an embossed logo of the Stabila company . Does this effect the way the case holds or protects the level ? No . And it sure beats carrying it around in your pocket . The case will hold either version of torpedo level . It will fit a three inch belt and being genuine leather it offers good protection from bangs and scrapes . So at the current price of $ 9.00 and some change you ca n't beat it .
 This is the best money can buy This brand is what other companies copy an the copies dont have magnets near as strong as the ones used in the stabila levels Id say over all best levels made The best is-ant cheap but you do get what you pay for top quality at its best .
 Motors arrived on time and as promised . They were slightly different than the original motors so I had to make a few modifications . But in the end , they did the job .
 Has the Strongest magnets hands down . If your working in an industral plant like I do , you have to be careful where you put it down because it will vacuuum the groung of all metalic bits around it . Kinda hard to get all that trash off!Well built , easy to see bubble , light weight .
 I was a little wary about not being able to check this level before buying it . However everything worked out fine . I guess buying a quality tool from a reputable company online is O K and then you have Amazons easy return just in case . The level arrived in fine shape and should last many years . You might consider a case just for protection and storage .
 Stabila levels are quality tools and I have not used any better for my work . They are vary durable and Ipurchased the nice carrying case .
 I have always wanted a real Jamber set and these do not dissapoint.I look forward to many years of service from them if I can keep everyone else 's mitts off of them!They are light , sturdy , accurate and very well made .
 Having had these only for a short period of time , I can say they 've already come in handy a lot , and the results have been dead-on level .
 item came in the time they had said , the packaging was not the best though , it just had cardboard wrapped around it , but still in good shape . over all i was pleased ...
 If you 're serious about build quality , you wo n't skimp on cheap tools . Good quality levels are essential to building a quality product . These levels are build like a rock , and are built to last a lifetime . The central hand grips are awesome when plumbing door jambs or windows and the rubber stops at the ends work great for gripping walls and no marring paint on walls . I 'm a General Contractor , and I wo n't use any other brand of level .
 I `` discovered '' Stabila levels while helping a pro do some work on my house . After a few days of use I ordered my set and am very glad I did . As I continue on my projects this set if perfect . From doors and window to other general uses these tools are great . I recommend getting the case . Your other levels will fit as well -LRB- my old 4 ' fit in one of the extra sleves -RRB- . I 've been using them for over six months , a lot , and they are still in great shape and most importantally , accurate .
 These are really nice levels . As an added bonus , they are still made in Germany . Good stuff .
 you can bank on STABILA ALL THE TIME !!!!!
 I am a contractor for 20 years . I have just recently started using Stabila levels and I must say they are worth the money ! Yes , they are a little expensive , but then again the work I do is not `` low end '' so neither should my tools be . These levels are a pleasure to use , they are easy to read and they are accurate ! Yes , you can actually see the bubble . The end caps are removable so you can carry a line tight into a corner . The 78 '' level is a must if you install doors , I find I use it quite often .
 I generally love Stabilia levels , and I own 5 of them , but for setting doors I prefer to use a combination of a shorter Stabilia -LRB- unless it 's a French/center meet door situation -RRB- and my Plumb-It PIX 5.0 . The shorter Stabilia is great for determining how much out of level the floor is -LRB- very often the case in older home remodeling situations -RRB- , while I think the Plumb-It works better than the Stabilia for the vertical jamb legs . The main reason why I prefer the Plumb-It is because it 's extendable so it 'll fit a smaller sized door -LRB- down to 5 ' like you may encounter for a utility or storage access door -RRB- as well as a taller door like the 7 ' and 8 ' doors that are becoming more popular on higher end projects . Because it goes from 5 ' to almost 14 ' the Plumb-It PIX 5.0 easily fits in the back of my truck whereas the longer Stabilia has trouble . When setting French -LRB- center-meet -RRB- doors and sliders I use the Plumb-It becase I can set it to the exact width of the opening.I also use my PIX 5.0 for various framing and trim tasks , but if door hanging is your primary purpose for getting a jamber set , then you 'd be better served by the Plumb-It PIX 3.0 or PIX 4.0 since they collapse to shorter lengths yet still extend tall enough for the majority of door work -LRB- and taller than Stabilia 's 6 ' 8 '' jamber -RRB- . Plus they 're cheaper.I do n't work for Plumb-It or know anyone who does , I just think they make a cool product and I like that it was designed by a carpenter for carpenters .
 I have worked as a high end finish carpenter in the San Fransico Bay Area for about 7 years and I have yet to see a better made level for finish wood work . I used to own a levolution 3 piece combo kit it was a great level kit but no where near the accuracy and precision of a stabila level . After using a stabila I will never buy another brand of level . Between installing cabinets and hanging doors these levels are a must have tool . Thank you Stabila for making quality tools for professional wood workers !!!
 This jamber set was an addition to the 24 '' Stabila level I already had . The levels are dead on accurate and extremely durable . I only wish Stabila sold their levels with the padded case included instead of having to purchase them seperatly .
 Psssst ... Did you ever notice that `` LEVEL '' is spelled the same backward as it is forward ? So is race car ... lolAnyhoo ... Hands down , the levels from the Stabila brand are the BEST I 've EVER owned PERIOD ! Kapro and Empire were close seconds when factoring in COST ... BUT if you want the ultimate and most desirable -LRB- ask any REAL contractor -RRB- , there is NO need to look any further ... You have arrived at the pinnacle . From the construction and durability to the accuracy and customer service , the Stabila/s are second to none!Amazon had this ` jamber ' set for $ 123.00 ! Wait until it goes on sale again . You WO N'T be sorry !
 you cant go wrong with these levels , stabila is without a doubt the best level on the market , not to mention they are covered for life , this is a great deal , I 've used Stabila 's for the last three years and i wont go back , you wont be dissapointed
 Stabila makes the best levels . Simple and accurate . Lightweight yet sturdy .
 If you ever hangs doors this is a great level . Take care of it and it will last your lifetime and beyond .
 I would recommend these levels . They are our standard on the job .
 What can one say ? If you buy the best how can you complain?Lifetime warranty on accuracy and the most durable on the market . This brand is a one time purchase . Never let me down , with all 7 of my levels some as old as 10 years.Do yourself a favor - invest in your work
 This was a good choice as a replacement seat for the old one , which was cracking and peeling . Easy to install and comfortable .
 I know that padded seats need to be replaced more often , but enjoy it while it lasts ! The price is great . Lowe 's wants $ 38 for the same seat .
 These soft padded toilet seats are the only ones I can use . They are never cold or hard . They are also much more attractive than plastic ones and I love the fact they can be purchased in different designer colors .
 This toilet seat is the best quality for the price I have ever see . Very impressed , definitely will last a long time .
 I 've been using this kind of product for many years . This Mayfair seat is far superior to any of the others . It is well constructed out of much heavier material and I am sure it will outlast any of the previous ones . When this seat has to be replaced I will not have to get down on the bathroom floor and undo the scruffy bolts . The new seat will attache to the existing nylon bolts without tool in seconds . That alone is a great selling point .
 Hind sight as they say is better.Amazon has the better price than , Lowes!Buy $ 12.00 to the door.IF I had only knew it was going to be so comfortable.I would of bought another for the downstairs .
 These are very well made and very easy to install . They beat the heck out of the toilet seats I 've been buying at Walmart and Kmart . The first thing I noticed is that they are alot heavier . Definitely worth the money . I do n't think I will ever have to replace them.d
 My sister in law ordered this and was very happy with the color of it . was able to install and is great . Thanks
 I am so happy with this toilet seat . They are harder and harder to find . This one was the exact color and shape that I needed and I just love it . The price was perfect as well . I hope when this one wears out I can find it again from the same seller at a similar price !
 This is a really good quality toilet seat and you sure ca n't find one of this quality and price at Lowe 's or Walmart .
 Love it ! It 's really hard to find a true `` bone '' color in anything anymore . This seat matched my 80 's toilet perfectly , and it 's very comfortable .
 This is a great `` professional '' levelIt is a must for remodeling old or building new homes.For straightening walls or furring down out of level ceilings.it would be nice if the 196 had hand holes like the photo showsand the description reads but even with out the hand holesit is a definite must have .
 The old saying `` you get what you pay for '' proves true again . I finally broke down and bought this level . I am a general contractor , but I bought it with the idea of using it for hanging 8 foot doors . And man it is nice . It improves your speed and quality of hanging doors . It has a very solid feel . One of the best tools I have bought in a long time .
 If your looking at this level your serious about perfection . I 've used this tool for a number of years now and never question its accuracy . I bought the level and a case for it , which I 'm glad I did . A level of this quality needs to be protected . If I had a complaint it would be that the magnets are too strong . I know that seems stupid for a magnetic level , but someimes it is hard to remove from the surface .
 I 'm at the point in life where I appreciate the value of good tools . This is one . It 's solid , well designed , and amazingly accurate
 Great for leveling metal shelves . Just stick it to the metal and you have hands free to work on the attachment .
 I ordered this for my husband and he says it is the best level that money can buy . You can buy cheaper ones , but you are wasting your money . Awesome product !!
 As a professional , I use this level , in conjunction with my other Stabila levels , frequently . They may be expensive , but the payback seems quite evident . Why settle for anything but the best . When I see tradesmen with other levels , I often wonder why they did not make the investment in the best . Is this reflective of their work ?
 This ruller has many use if you get the hang of it . I use this for measuring window size , electric work -LRB- composite woodlike material , no metal -RRB- , checking table saw fence distance from the blade , depth of holes , measuring plumbing distance and many more . You do n't have to buy Stabila to get the results like I do . It is so useful and if you are a carpenter , you should have one in your tool belt .
 Pleasant surprise - not made in China and look almost like the ones my father would use when I was a kid .
 Pricey , but as a bachelor even I know a nice lamp when I see it . I can understand the price when I look at the work that went into making it . It might not be original Tiffany , but it does n't have that made with baked pellet assembled in china look either . -LRB- I did n't check to see where it 's made -RRB- . These things are never cheap unless they 're a walmart clone , and you can always spot those with their lack of quality .
 We searched for months for a `` special '' doorknob leading to a very special room in our house . But we did n't want to spend a fortune for a doorknob ! The Sonata Crystal Passage Lockset turned out to be a perfect blend of beauty and price -- something we call `` value . ''
 This is the second time I have purchased this product . Each time the product quality has been excellent and the delivery timing outstanding . This product really dresses up my home on new interior doors . I have replaced all interior door knobs with this product .
 These knobs are beautiful ! I 've looked at many crystal knobs and these are as pretty and yet functional as some that cost $ 100.00 or more .
 This review is for the 32 '' Stabila.Amazon sent this level to me in a 5 ' long box with no padding of any kind -- strange , since Amazon always seems to go wacky with those plastic baggie things . Who knows how much the level got bounced around in there while in transit to my house . I set the level on a table and added playing cards under one end of the level until the bubble was perfectly centered . Then I flipped it edge-for-edge and end-for-end -LRB- on the same stack of playing cards -RRB- to see if it is consistent . It appears to be perfectly consistent with itself , which is a relief and a testament to the durability of this level . Although this time it worked out ok , I doubt I will order a precision instrument of any sort from Amazon again.One of the white buttons that you press to release the plastic endcap was also a little bit messed up -- it would n't pop back out , making the end cap rattle a little bit . I pulled the cap out and bent the button out to make it fit a little better , but I should n't have to bother with this on an expensive level -- one star off for this .
 I agree with the other reviewers that this is a well-made , precision tool . It feels solid , and the markings on the vials are fine and crisp , making for unambiguous reads . My only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint is this
 This is the best investment anyone can make . Level is very well built and accurate as stated . I 'm a contractor and have used many of those cheap and expensive levels sold in home improvement stores and none compare to this one . I 'm going after the 24 '' and 48 '' to replace my other ones . I should n't have waited this long . 5 big stars for this one .
 What else can be said - its a stabila . Tough , easy to hold and read and it even looks pretty . Got this , the 32 inch level rather that the 36 inch cuz I didnt feel like spending and extra 17 dollars for 4 inches . Fits those small needs well .
 Super high quality . What else can be said . Its a level and it does just that and very accurately . Highly recommended .
 I bought it as a birthday present for my husband , who is very difficult to please , and he was very impressed .
 This level is highly accurate , convenient , and comfortable . My only complaint is the price , but if it lasts as long as it 's supposed to , it will be a worthwhile investment .
 Wish I had bought this one sooner . I also wish it was 28 '' long so it would fit my carpenters tool box
 I bought this set in 1999 . Use them everyday . They have taken alot of abuse over the years , but are still accurate . You ca n't get a better warranty . A must for any door installer . My crew and I love them .
 We all know that Stabila makes the best levels in the world , but this new magnetic jamber set is killer . The magnets are incredible . I even used the 78 '' level on a wood door frame and Stabila was smart enough to line up the magnets to line up with the door hinges . I was able to work on a wood door frame hands free . This is an incredible set of levels . Any professional worth their salt needs to have this set . Stabila rocks !
 This Jammer set is great . The magnets are strong and are spaced out so that they stick to the hinges on wooden frames . Level is just the right length to fit the entire jam so you can tell if it is straight or not . My only complaint is the same with all stablila levels and that is the bubble needs to be bigger so that it completely fills the lines .
 It 's the only level that I trust for door work . In a pinch I purchased a 2 ' and 6 ' Empire magnetic level from Home Depot . The magnets on both levels fell out , and I lost trust in their accuracy . After returning , I went back to the level I know I can trust . It 's been great . The magnets are strong and wo n't fall out . Very accurate . This is my second Stabila , which I am replacing after 8 years . The old Stabila looks rough and its hard to see through the viles , but I trust it more than a new Empire level . Anyhow , great level !
 just like all the other stabila levels I have and use on a daily basis they are accurate , easy to read , and built for a lifetime of use .
 These levels are really good . I purchased these for my dad . He needed very accurate magnetic levels for his job . He is very satisfied with them .
 I received my Stabila jamber levels in perfect condition . I 've had an older Stabila level that has been one of my favorite tools . They made these even better ... stronger construction and the addition of super-magnets that allow the levels to be easily attached to a wood door frame -LRB- via the hinges -RRB- or a steel column or other steel object . I ca n't wait to hang my first door using this new level set!I also bought the 5-level case and was very pleased with that . It has room for my two new levels , plus my older level and a couple more that I may still get ! It seems very well made and makes transporting the levels easier and safer.Very nice product .
 These levels are VERY accurate and are a `` must have '' is you frame or set doors . I use these levels on everything from erecting red iron buildings to setting interior doors . Very accurate .
 Whn pckg arrived -LRB- on time -RRB- end of box had been rewrapped . Pckg opened & found end of level damaged ; looked like end of box fell off truck & dragged . End of one level was completely sheared off.Seller resolved problem fast . happended in shipping ; nt frm seller . Will order again
 I PURCHASED THE STABILA JAMBER SET AND HAVE HAD GREAT RESULTS . THE LENGTH IS PERFECT FOR SETTING DOORS OR PLUMBING WALLS . ACCURACY IS THE KEY AND STABILA GIVES THAT TO ME . KEEP ON THE BUBBLE .
 I love this set of levels , the magnets are nice when setting doors . They do line up with the hinges on a wood jamb too . I gave them 4 stars since the 32 '' level is not quite dead nuts level . It is about 1/64 '' inch off , which does n't affect it much . I figured I would use it and with Stabila 's great return policy if it gets worse , I will send it in .
 I live in Central america -LRB- Guatemala -RRB- and mosquitoes have been bad here this year . There is also a lot of Dengue fever , which is mosquito borne . I leave my doors open because of pets durng the day , and by evening , there are lots of mosquitoes in the house . Although I use a mosquito net at night for sleeping , I was tired of all the mosquitoes buzzing around my house so despite the wide range of reviews on this product I decided to buy it when I saw it in a local hardware store.I put it in my darkened bedroom and turn it on once it begins to get dark . I let it run for about 3 or 4 hours before I go to bed . The light is a little bright for sleeping . From the first time I used it , this little machine has captured 15-20 mosquitoes a night . It really is amazing . When I take out the catch tray , you can hear them all buzzing , that high pitched whining sound that usually drives me crazy at night . I put the catch tray in the freezer for 15 or 20 minutes to kill the little buggers.Needless to say , my new Stinger was a hot topic of discussion at the gym , and I believe most of my friends are also going to get one now.So , perhaps our variety of mosquitoes are more drawn to this light than others , but I am thrilled with this machine ; so thrilled in fact that this I decided to write my first amazon review in hopes of helping someone make up their mind .
 I purchased this about a year and half ago , not even reading the reviews . I was desperate and tired of being miserable with bites ! I love it so much that I have bragged to my friends and clients on how great it works , and they too have purchased with positive results . We ca n't believe how much bugs actually live in your house during the winter months . It has trapped 3-10 bugs on a monthly basis during the winter . Summer months I had at least 10-25 weekly . To get the maximum benefit , it 's important to understand the concept . If you purchased it for an isolated area -LRB- bedroom -RRB- and all the family members hang out in the family room , then most likely you will only trap 0-3 in the bedroom . I keep it on 24 hours a day in the family room -LRB- It has trapped baby to adult mosquitos , flies , and even moths -RRB- and every night move it to my bedroom cause all it takes is one little bug that thinks your their midnight snack or living pantry , and that 's one too many bite damages I prefer to prevent.I am now purchasing one for a friend and have actually started reading the bad reviews and decided to write my first review , ever ! I did n't want others to get discouraged or suffer from mosquito bites ... It really does work ! The down side is , it 's a bit loud but it 's something you can get use to ... . so much better then having bug bites ! As far as the light , it 's a great night light for my doggies!I still gave it a 5 star on efficiency , but I would like the company to improve the noise factor . But then again , it 's better than being miserable !!!
 We bought one of these units because mosquitos kept getting into our bedroom and buzzing around at night biting us.The first night that we used it , it trapped 4 mosquitos . You can not imagine the satisfaction of seeing them trapped in the machine . We have had the unit for 3 years . We only use it when we see a mosquito buzzing around in our room -LRB- seasonally -RRB- . But every time we see one , we know that it will be in the trap the next morning.Put the unit far away from your bed and face it away from you because the light is bright and the fan is noisy , but it is like beautiful white noise knowing that the stupid mosquitos will be inside the trap and not buzzing around your head at night .
 Bought one of these for my granddaughter 's room . Have been waiting for feedback from the kids on how it was working but they could never remember to check it . Sure seems like everyone either loves it or hates it . Finally got feedback today and they said it had lots of mosquitos and a few flys in it . Will be ordering a few more for our house as nothing worse than trying to sleep with the buzzing going on .
 I read many reviews about the Stinger mosquito trap which left me feeling skeptical about buying it . However we were so tired of seeing our small children with big mosquito bite whelps on them in the mornings due to mosquitos inside at night attacking them . I took the chance and bought it . We live on a river surrounded by swamp land , the absolute worst place for aggressive mosquitoes . We have tried so many different ways to prevent/kill mosquitoes with not much luck . The only way to kill them indoors is to use a flyswatter . This can be so tiring when trying to chase mosquitos around your ceilings . So the Stinger Mosquito trap came in the mail and we set it all up that evening on our bar in the kitchen . For the night it was the only source of light on in our home in the living room and kitchen area -LRB- very close to our garage door & back door where the mosquitos enter -RRB- . The next morning we discovered the Stinger Mosquito trap caught 7 mosquitos , fruit flies , 2 moths , and few other little bugs we could n't identify . We have been using the indoor mosquito trap the past few weeks only at night and turning it off every morning . We consistently have mosquitos and other bugs in the trap . The kids have not had a bite inside since having the Stinger mosquito trap . My husband and I are able to relax at night and not feel mosquitos flying around us . We laughed when we plugged it in because other reviews say `` it is so loud '' . It is not loud at all and truthfully if you were to have it in a bedroom it would be a great sleep aid with the white noise . It works great for us ; we have not had anything break . If it were to short out on us we will for sure be buying another one ASAP . It is really worth your money if you have a problem with mosquitos inside . It has been a lifesaver for us . Do n't listen to all the negative reviews .
 Let 's face it , you do n't know mosquitos unless you live in Louisiana ! I purchased this item last summer and have been very happy . We have an inground pool and koi pond in our backyard and it 's a breeding ground for mosquitos . Everytime you open the backdoor , 10-15 mosquitos come in . We were getting bit everynight . After I purchased this item , I was pleasantly surprised by the results . The other reviews read the fan is noisy ... it 's better than hearing mosquitos buzzing in your ear ready to feed off of you . It is no louder than an air sanitizer , which to me is almost soothing . The light is bright , but we put ours in a place where it appears no brighter than a regular night light . Great purchase without any regrets . Very easy to clean .
 This product definitely works if used as directed . It must be in place where it is the only main light source . I put it in the darkened bedroom during the day and move it to the den or kitchen when I go to bed and it works like a charm . I am entering this review as I order a second one to cover 2 bedrooms and both kitchen and den . The only thing that would make it better is if it interrogated the beasts to learn how they are getting into the house .
 I 'm very satisfied with this product , I live in a tropical country and the trap catch huge amounts of moquitos , in the first week was caught over 50 individualsI suprised with the comments saying that trap do n't catch any mosquitos and catch flies -LRB- in my case any fly was catched by the trap -RRB- . I suspect that the mosquitos species are different in their yards or the trap was located near a competeting light source , the best position is in a dark conner and putting it at work all day around.In my country we have the following genus Aedes , Culex , Anopheles , all them was trapped , moth also
 I was a little skeptical from the amazon reviews . I caught 5 mosquitos inside my house the first night I used it . I did n't think I had that many in my home . Use it at night when light from the unit is the only light in the room . The people that have not been happy with the unit likely tried to use it during the day . I have n't caught nearly as many during the day .
 despise mosquitoes , love my stinger indoor trap ! we used it all summer . it definitely worked for us . when the kids left the door open too long and a mosquito or two had gotten in the house , i did n't freak out . i know the mosquito trap will get them . gives me peace of mind . if you are humane , you can always let them outside after you catch them-not that i am . the noise is n't intrusive . more of a white noise which did n't bother any of us . it doubled as a night light . i kept it on when we went to sleep and the purple glow from the light worked perfectly as a night light . 100 % satisfaction !
 The fan is audible , a whispery rushing sound that 's not particularly obnoxious , but in the same room you will hear it . The ultraviolet light shines into a dark room , again noticeable , but not unpleasant . We find insects in the trap on a regular basis . I like the idea that you have the option of freeing the insect outside , or you can leave it trapped in the unit to die of dehydration .
 Before purchase I read the other Amazon reviews on this product . Basically half liked it and half disliked it . Not good odds , so I ordered with trepidation . I installed it in my new house where I had been previously savaged by mosquitoes . The first night it caught 50-60 , the second night it caught about 20 and since then it has caught a couple every night and I sleep soundly without awaking to bite marks over my body . The noise is easily tolerable and you soon get used to it . Count me as a satisfied customer !!
 I have been very impressed with this machine . I bought it after seeing mosquito bites on my infant one morning . We set it in the hall at night , and have caught 100 's of mosquitoes and other flying insects over the past year . I ca n't think of a more appropriate device for the job . The set up is very adequate for indoor use .
 We are immensely pleased with this mosquito trap . We just moved to New Mexico , where `` swamp coolers '' are the norm instead of air conditioners . These things produce a lot of stagnant water , so we have mosquitos buzzing all over the place . Every evening , we turn out the lights of the house , turn this thing on and head out for a little while -LRB- to do shopping , mall-hopping , etc -RRB- , and when we return , we find that this thing has trapped quite a few mosquitos . It does n't always capture them all , but it gets most of them for us . I was really apprehensive about buying this after reading some of the negative reviews , but am glad I did .
